<doc id="33509255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33509255" title="The Groom Wore Spurs">
The Groom Wore Spurs

The Groom Wore Spurs is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Richard Whorf starring Ginger Rogers and Jack Carson.

A lawyer (Ginger Rogers) bails out and then marries a Hollywood tough guy (Jack Carson) who's a in real life.





</doc>
<doc id="33509284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33509284" title="I Live on Danger">
I Live on Danger

I Live on Danger is a 1942 film noir thriller film directed by Sam White and starring Chester Morris and Jean Parker.

Jeff Morrell is an ambitious radio reporter. The news of the day is the prison release of gambler Eddie Nelson, who actually was the fallguy for a criminal named Joey Farr.

While exclusively covering a ship's fire, Jeff falls for Susan Richards, but knows her to be Eddie's companion. It turns out she's Eddie's sister, not his girl, but Susan resents it when Jeff's reporting gets Eddie arrested and convicted on a new charge.

District Attorney Lamber is in cahoots with the crooks. Farr tries to flee, but is tracked to a Pennsylvania coal mine. Jeff gets there first and manages to broadcast Farr's confession, then barely get away when Farr sets off a blast of TNT. Susan loves Jeff for heroically rescuing her brother.


The film was based on a story called I'll Be Back in a Flash by Alex Gottleib. He sold it to Pine Thomas Productions in August 1941. They bought it as the second in a three picture deal Chester Morris had with Pine-Thomas Productions. Lewis Foster was assigned to write the script.

Morris' 38 year old brother Arthur was meant to play a role in the film but died shortly before filming of a brain haemorrhage.

Jean Parker signed to make the film as the first in a three-picture deal she had with Pine Thomas.

Filming took place in December 1941. Anna Q. Nilsson had her first role in 13 years.

The "Los Angeles Times" called it "a pretty good B".

The "New York Times" said the film showed "very little than what we have already seen."



</doc>
<doc id="33509524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33509524" title="Make a Million (film)">
Make a Million (film)

Make a Million is a 1935 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins.

Professor Reginald Q. Jones (Charles Starrett), Associate Professor for Social Economics at Pelton University (founded 1912 A.D.), has a very clear picture of how in the United States economic inequality should be changed:

Scene in Class, Professor talks:
«Young man, the only thing that is wrong with the money today in this country, is that the wrong people have it. Fortunes are amassed by an incompute millionaires in the attempt to set aristocracy and wealth, instead of achievement. Does this answer your question?»
Student answers:
«Yes Sir.»

Picture shows into the class:
A female student with a pencil and notebook. She is writing, while the professor talks. Then the camera shows what she has written and you see it's a caricature of the Professor, with the words: Professor Jones Full of Importance. He gets $25 a week and he knows all about Money.

Professor continues:
«Oh, and while we are on the subject of an incompute millionaires, it might be well to consider my plan on limiting the antics of their offspring by establishing a 90% inheritance tax.»

The drawing student in the first row laughs loudly.

The Professor says to her:
«Evidently Miss Corning (Pauline Brooks) you don‘t agree with my idea.»

She answers:
«I certainly do not»

Then he invites her to show him what she has written. Reluctantly she shows him her drawing. Then he asks her what she thinks about the matter. She then says:
«there is nothing wrong with the money, it‘s the people. If they weren‘t lazy they would go out and find a job.»
He: Does this idea originate from you or your father?
She: My father thinks the same as me.
He: Maybe that's wrong with the banking business.

Irene Corning tells her father, the rich banker, who complaints with the University Director, and as the University is partly financed by this same banker, Professor Reginald Q. Jones is called to explain. He sticks to his theories and so the University Board decides he is dismissed from classes until he can prove that his theories are applicable in real life.
He then finds himself without money in the campus, with a homeless man, Pete (James Burke (actor)), asking him for a dollar. He tells Pete he gave him the day before a dollar. When Pete answers he got it two days before a policeman arrives and wants to arrest Pete. When Professor Jones hears that the street beggars have to be removed from the streets on the order of Mr. Moxey, he pretends that Pete is a friend of his and protects him. He tells the Policeman he was going to borrow two dollars from Pete. He so comes to his first two dollar. As Pete wants back his two bucks note Professor Jones answers he is out of the job and needs himself the money. As he had given to Pete before it was right to get back some of it. So he proposes to be taught panhandling. Pete shows him some tricks, as the 'civil war act', the system he and his fellow beggars have all over town. Jones goes with Pete, staying at a little Room for Rent called Fritz. Pete and his fellow beggars have a meeting with him trying to find out how to make him work in their racket. But they agree he has not the personality and no talent for it. 
So he is asked what he is good at. Theory of finance, History of banking, surplus and distribution. The men in the meeting are quite surprised.

One says: Too bad. You college men present a very great problem!

When he gets a visit for an interview from the World improvement league, those same people through their questions give him the big idea:
He will ask the people to make him a public millionaire to show his ideas, through public subscription of 1 dollar each. Larkey a PR-scoundrel (George E. Stone) likes Jones' idea as he sees how much money he can make. His first move is to go to rich Moxey (newspaper owner), who starts a wide newspaper campaign against Professor Jones. So the first step of publicity is made out of nearly nothing and the public already splits in pro's and con's, sending a dollar each to Professor Jones. At first Jones is furious with Larkey. When he explains, that to get the first page he would have had to pay 5 Million dollars and he got it for free, he realizes that it could turn in his favor.

As he goes to see the Banker Mr. Corning in presence of his former student, the daughter Corning, only two days of his campaign, he is already in the position to deposit 25.000 $. The Cornings are obviously astonished. He opened a safe deposit box and puts there the 25.000 $ in one dollar bills. The Corning see another chance to break him by calling the postal authorities. Meantime Larkey has organized big banners and a whole campaign with the newspapers. When the authorities come to Jones, he is fortunately able to say he is working as an Organization: The World Improvement League. And he has to say it is a responsible Organization. So Moxey and Corning tell him that he has to appear with his board of directors Friday morning. That he has to put the money in a trust fund until the outcome of the meeting.

As Jones tell Pete and Larkey that there is no World Improvement League, that it was only a name he made up at University, Pete doesn't capitulate and starts an intensive fast training with his fellow beggars to become a fine bunch of public-spirited citizens financiers until Friday.

Pete resumes the receipt against depression: When the people have more doe, they have more doe to give away!

At the meeting: one, the london delegate tries to steel cigars, the Greek Chancellor talks to a financier telling him about the disastrous food conditions in Greek so that this one is willing to give the Greek some money. And Pete looking everywhere to control his men. As Irene intrudes the meeting, the whole setup is revealed. The Inspector gives Jones 15 days to complete the fund, if not the money has to be redistributed to the public.

Jones has the chance to get into a radio transmission, supported by a toothpaste- enterprise: Nervo, how much nerve you can have using Nervo. He should have about 15 Million people audience; so he and his fellows hope to be able to get the rest of the money. But Corning doesn't pass the cheque about 1000,- $ Nervo sends Jones as advance for expense money to get the boys to Chicago, because he wants to prevent Jones to get his voice to an audience of 15 Million people. His daughter Irene at that point changes side: she tells her dad that what he does is illegal. Corning asserts the public has to be protected from fools as Jones is. He sends back the cheque to Nervo.
Irene talks with Jones, Pete and Larkey and she is able to convince Jones to go with her car to Chicago, while Pete and the boys will arrange with the railroad. Larkey reads them a telegram from Nervo telling them, they are expected in Chicago.

A street chase starts, during which Irene and "Reggie" get closer. At night resting in the car she asks him what he will do, when he will have the million. He says he will distribute the surplus. On the question if it will change his life, he answers: the trouble in this country is the uncertainty of disposing of the surplus. The manufactures sold part of the goods to the profit. And if the remaining would be bought by the government at the cost of material and labour, there would be no failure.

Asked by Jones to repeat what he said, Irine answers: Surplus women and no distribution!

In Chicago Jones is able to talks some minutes to the Radio audience thanks to Pete making the show of his life as an epileptic to divert the police. Finally Jones is able to distribute the surplus, as the million is achieved: every citizen who gave one dollar is rewarded by a good worth 3,- $, and the manufacturers received cash pay off their obligations. So he demonstrated what could be done with his theories.

Larkey brings new letters from all over the country. People were so satisfied with the articles they got from the Million fund, that they write Jones to do it again. "Bargain of the month club" is going to be the name of the enterprise, and to earn something Irene suggested to take from each dollar 1 penny, that would make 10.000,-$ a month by 1 Million. The men and Pete are distributed all over the United States to run each a branch of the enterprise. And finally Irene has made of Professor Jones a rich man, as her father. And herself, just a wife!




</doc>
<doc id="33514033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33514033" title="Fires of Fate (1923 film)">
Fires of Fate (1923 film)

Fires of Fate is a 1923 British-American silent adventure film directed by Tom Terriss and starring Wanda Hawley, Nigel Barrie and Pedro de Cordoba. It was adapted from the play "Fires of Fate" by Arthur Conan Doyle which was in turn based on his 1898 novel "The Tragedy of the Korosko". The version released in the United States is known as Desert Sheik.



</doc>
<doc id="33521971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33521971" title="Melody in May">
Melody in May

Melody in May is a 1936 American short film directed by Ben Holmes.

The movie opens with Ruth Etting (as herself) recording "St. Louis Blues", after which she declares that she is taking a month off, and going to where no-one can find her. This turns out to be Middleton, which is so small it has no hotel. Ruth rents a room over the local ice-cream parlor, where high-school student Tommy Bradshaw works for his mother, who owns the store and rooming house.

Over her ice cream, Ruth overhears Tommy's fellow students remarking on his social awkwardness. Tonight is the school dance, which Tommy won't attend, because he can't dance, and because Mary, the only girl he is interested in, is going with Chuck, the school heartthrob. However, Chuck is expected to be out of town that night, so as Mary leaves, she asks Tommy to take her, and he ecstatically agrees.

That evening, as Tommy is stepping out to get Mary, she pulls up in a car being driven by Chuck, who is staying after all, and Mary gives Tommy her regrets. Tommy offers his tickets to Chuck, who tears them up. Witnessing this exchange, Ruth asks Tommy to take her to the dance instead.

At the dance, everyone remarks on Tommy's choice of a much older date. To rescue the situation, Ruth sings "It Had to Be You", accompanied by the excellent live band (which happens to be playing there for reasons not explained). At that point, everyone realizes who Ruth is, and Tommy is suddenly besieged by boys wanting to dance with Ruth, and by girls wanting him to come to upcoming events. 

After the dance, Mary asks Tommy to take her home. Chuck objects, and when he sets up to clean Tommy's clock, Tommy gets in a sucker punch that lays his opponent out cold. Ruth lends Tommy her car to take Mary home. Mary comments on how events have conspired to make Tommy show his "new ego".





</doc>
<doc id="33522398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33522398" title="Tomorrow's Children">
Tomorrow's Children

Tomorrow's Children, also known as The Unborn in the United Kingdom, is a 1934 American film directed by Crane Wilbur. The film partially criticizes the eugenic policies in practice in the United States during those times. The film was widely deemed "immoral," and "tending to incite crime".

The film follows the nature vs. nurture story of Alice Mason, played by (Diane Sinclair), who wants nothing more than to settle down with her fiancé Jim and raise a family. This goal crumbles when her parents are forced to undergo sterilization or lose their welfare checks. Alice represents the only real beneficial family member; her aging parents are lazy alcoholics and her siblings have physical and mental disabilities, or criminal ties. But she is told that she too must be sterilized: as their family's corrupt bloodline must end.

Alice's parents grudgingly accept the court order, but she flees the house. Unfortunately, the police soon catch her. Her fiancé Jim makes a bold case to Dr. Brooks, who testifies on Alice's behalf, but it doesn't change the court's decision. Meanwhile, another ally of Alice and Jim, Father O'Brien (played by director Crane Wilbur), begs Mrs. Mason to reconsider the sterilization decision. She refuses, desperate to keep receiving welfare, but she becomes so drunk that she reveals that Alice was a foundling the Masons took in, so she actually isn't of their blood. Father O'Brien races to stop the procedure with the new information. Dr. Brooks is ultimately able to stop the procedure in time.


The film was the sound film directorial debut of Crane Wilbur. The film industry revolved around certain formulas and general rules for what was okay to talk about. Some producers tested and pushed the limits of society to promote new ideas, however, those who create these hard pressing issues are not members of the Association of Motion Picture Producers. Instead of being backed by this organization, the Foy Productions was forced to present the film to state censorship boards located in New York, Ohio, Kansas, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Maryland.

The film received a lot of negative attention for its prominent themes of genetic alcoholism, deformed offspring, and sterilization. The film was only approved in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Since "Tomorrow’s Children" deliberately ignored the standard rules of the industry, of leaving these controversial topics alone, the film was denied its license and there was a lot of effort devoted to the delaying of its production. The Producers’ Association was responsible for most of the obstacles in the film’s course.

The original decision to ban the film came from Censor Irwin Esmond and Dr. Frank Graves in the State Education department. The Appelate Division of the Supreme Court backed Esmond and Graves with 3 votes in favor of the ban and 2 against it. Years later in 1938, Foy Productions urged the US appeals court to revisit “Tomorrow’s Children”, especially in New York. Frederick Crane, of the appeals court, screened the film along with 6 others to decide its future in the empire state.

The film has a very prominent theme of sterilization, or the loss of the ability to reproduce that eliminates the chance of parentage and future offspring. In the early 20th century, the US was flooded with ideals revolving around eugenics.

In 1927, the United States declared that it is in favor of these eugenic processes. Supreme Court Justice, Oliver Wendell Holmes, wrote, “...society can prevent those who are manifestly unfit from continuing their kind.” This quote would be later used against the U.S. during the Nazi Nuremberg trials. Because the film is a reflection on the evils of society, it went against the status quo and took a stand. Criticizing sterilization and eugenic activities also meant criticizing the standard thought in American culture.

On August 19, 1934, barely a month after "Tomorrow’s Children" was released, Adolf Hitler, a known eugenics lobbyist, was the recognized sole-leader of Germany for over 1 1/2 years then. As Hitler began his conquest through Germany, the forced sterilization of the bloodlines of different races and religions of people occurred. Hitler’s ideals revolved around humanity becoming its purest by removing the parts he deemed unworthy. Although Hitler began his eugenic practices in 1936, Foy and Wilbur were able to relate the same message through the sterilization of Diane Sinclair's family in the film. Possible references to Hitler's regime in the film include a flag bearing what looks like the Nazi symbol in the background during a conversation between the two doctors. Foy Productions appealed its denied license in 1938 while the Nazi Aryan movement was still gaining power, thus resulting in the film's extremely unfit theme.



</doc>
<doc id="33524413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33524413" title="The Apache Kid (1930 film)">
The Apache Kid (1930 film)

The Apache Kid is a cartoon short distributed by Columbia Pictures and features Krazy Kat. The film is the character's 149th film.

In a tavern, Krazy is playing the piano while his spaniel girlfriend is sitting on it and singing. After spending a few moments by that instrument, they stood up and do the Apache dance. Suddenly, a tiger came by and grabs the spaniel, taking her faraway. Though the kidnapper flees in a horse, Krazy still chooses to run after on foot.

Krazy follows the tiger's trail into a sewer. Little did he know that the tiger and the spaniel are in a secret lair, and the entrance to that place is already shut. Desperately wanting to be released and see her boyfriend again, the spaniel weeps in the couch. In this, the tiger decides to cheer her up with a song and dance. While the captor is trying to entertain, Krazy finds an opening to the secret lair and goes in. Krazy finally confronts the tiger, and the two guys decided to settle things in a knife battle. Following a number of exchanges, the tiger is knocked cold. Krazy and the spaniel are reunited.

Krazy's spaniel girlfriend makes one of her earliest appearances in this short, therefore becoming one of the primary cast not originating from the comic strip. She would then replace Ignatz Mouse as Krazy's supporting character, and even appearing in the title cards from 1930 to 1933.




</doc>
<doc id="33526416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33526416" title="My Own United States">
My Own United States

My Own United States is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by John W. Noble and starring Arnold Daly, Charles E. Graham, and Duncan McRae. It is based on the short story "The Man Without a Country" by Edward Everett Hale. It was distributed by Metro Pictures

The original story, with its strong patriotic theme, was written during the American Civil War in order to increase public support for the Union cause; the film had a like function with regard to World War I, in which the United States was deeply involved at the time.

As described in a film magazine, Philip Noloan (Daly) is a young American who entertains pacifist views about the American entry into World War I because of his selfish desire to maintain his own comfort. His father, to arouse his duty to his country, tells him the tragic story of his ancestor the first Philip Nolan"s (Daly) treason by relating the incidents from the story "The Man Without a Country". His father then tells of incidents from the American Civil War where a later ancestor, also named Philip Nolan (Daly), did all he could to wipe the stain of that treason from the family name. At the conclusion, Philip has become so thrilled by the great deeds of his family that he rises to the occasion and offers his services to his country to make the world safe for democracy.


Like many American films of the time, "My Own United States" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors cut, in Reel 3, the shooting in the duel and changed the Lincoln quotation to read "Let us have faith that Right makes Might".


</doc>
<doc id="33528868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33528868" title="Much Ado About Nothing (2012 film)">
Much Ado About Nothing (2012 film)

Much Ado About Nothing is a 2012 black and white American romantic comedy film adapted for the screen, produced, and directed by Joss Whedon, from William Shakespeare's play of the same name. The film stars Amy Acker, Alexis Denisof, Nathan Fillion, Clark Gregg, Reed Diamond, Fran Kranz, Sean Maher, and Jillian Morgese.

To create the film, director Whedon established the production studio Bellwether Pictures. The film premiered at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival and had its North American theatrical release on June 21, 2013.

The plot of the film is largely unchanged from that of Shakespeare's original play. Differences include the modern-day setting, switching Conrade's gender, eliminating several minor roles and consolidating others into Leonato's aide, and expanding Ursula's role by giving her a number of Margaret's scenes. In addition, the film attempts to add background to the relationship between Beatrice and Benedick by showing, in an opening scene, a morning after they apparently slept together. Benedick steals away quietly while Beatrice pretends to be asleep.


Anthony Head was originally intended for the role of Leonato, but was unavailable. Clark Gregg had worked with Whedon on "The Avengers" at the time, and stepped in to play the part. Most of the cast had worked with Whedon before; Acker and Denisof on "Angel"; Denisof, Fillion, Lenk and Lindhome on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"; Fillion and Maher on "Firefly"; Acker, Denisof, Diamond, Kranz and Johnson on "Dollhouse"; Gregg, Denisof, Rosemont, Johnson and Morgese in "The Avengers".

Principal photography started mid-October 2011, and took place at Joss Whedon's residence in Santa Monica, California. On the choice of location, he told Studio 360, "First of all, my wife built that house. And I knew from the moment I set foot in it that I would want to film something there. Because it's all in one place, that place informs the mood and the feeling and the look of the picture so much, and I was really already comfortable with that". Whedon and his wife, Kai Cole, produced the film through their studio Bellwether Pictures. It was filmed entirely in a black-and-white palette over a period of 12 days, in conjunction with cinematographer Jay Hunter. Whedon shot it while on a contractual vacation from the post-production of "The Avengers". The cast and crew were informed to keep the project a secret until production was finished. They wrapped their last day of filming on October 23, 2011.

Whedon explained his initial interest in the project, saying:

He elaborated on that sentiment, and said "It's a very cynically romantic text about love, and how we behave, and how we're expected to behave. It's a party, but there's something darker there as well". Inspired by the exposing nature of film, Whedon decided to infuse a recurring motif of sexuality, "...because it's a visual medium. You can say it or you can show it. ... There's an element to it, of debauchery, that was fun for a time but then it was just sort of dark". Whedon's idea to adapt the play for the screen originated from having "Shakespeare readings" at his house with several of his friends, years prior.

Whedon and his director of photography Jay Hunter took advantage of natural lighting in order to make it feel "very found", noting, "Our lighting package rose in the east and set in the west". Using mirrors, glass and windows to shoot through, he explains, "[It's] something I'd like to do all the time, but particularly in a movie that's all about lies, and manipulation and misunderstandings. The more you can warp the frame a little bit, the more it speaks towards what's going on". The film was shot hand-held, digitally with multiple cameras, often with a RED Epic, and used a Lensbaby Composer with Double Glass lens on a Canon 7D to differentiate certain scenes.

Whedon composed the score for the film and recruited Deborah Lurie to produce. He arranged music to "Sigh No More" and "Heavily", two songs that William Shakespeare had written into the play. These tracks were performed by Maurissa Tancharoen and Jed Whedon. Whedon described the experience of making his debut in scoring a film as "terrifying", going on to say that "when I'm terrified, I know I'm having fun". He acknowledged as well that hiring himself to do it resulted from monetary constraints. The soundtrack was released digitally on June 6, 2013.

"Much Ado About Nothing" had its world premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. The film's North American distribution rights were acquired by Lionsgate, in association with Roadside Attractions, for a joint theatrical release. It was later reported that the film would have a limited theatrical release on June 7, 2013. Kaleidoscope Film Distribution obtained worldwide sales and UK distribution rights. European premieres have been held at the 2013 Jameson Dublin International Film Festival, the 2013 Glasgow Film Festival, the 2013 Istanbul Film Festival, the 2013 Bradford International Film Festival, the 2013 Belfast Film Festival, the 2013 Filmfest München, the 2013 Athens International Film Festival and the 2013 Helsinki Film Festival. The film premiered in the United States at the 2013 South by Southwest Film Festival, followed by the 2013 Wisconsin Film Festival, the 2013 San Francisco International Film Festival, the 2013 Independent Film Festival of Boston and the 2013 Seattle International Film Festival. The limited release in New York City, Los Angeles and San Francisco was expanded on June 14, 2013. On June 21, 2013, it released in 200-300 screens nationwide.

"Much Ado About Nothing" was officially given a PG-13 rating by the MPAA for American cinemas. It got a 12A certificate in the United Kingdom from the British Board of Film Classification.

Sharmill Films distributed the film to Australian theaters. It was shown at the New Zealand International Film Festival in July 2013. The film was released theatrically in the United Kingdom.

In limited release and playing in only five theaters in New York City, Los Angeles and San Francisco, it grossed $71,000 on its first day. At the end of its opening weekend, it had grossed $183,400. The $15,027 it made at the Lincoln Film Center Society Theater broke the venue's house record. With the expansion into 18 additional theaters in the second week of its limited release, the film garnered an amount of $162,580.

The first weekend of wide release in the U.S. grossed $762,350 from 206 theaters, which accumulated a total amount of $1,234,781 since release. It earned $590,000 after the second week. The fourth week held an overall aggregate of $263,700. Domestic total gross amounted to $4,328,850.

The film's opening weekend in the United Kingdom grossed $101,237 from having been screened at 64 locations. The box office numbers for Australia's opening weekend amounted to $78,196. The international box office contributed $971,794 to the film's final cumulative total.

"Much Ado About Nothing" has received generally positive reviews from critics, earning an 86% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes with an average rating of 7.58/10, based on 174 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads: "Lighthearted to a fault, "Much Ado About Nothing"s giddy energy and intimate charm make for an entertaining romantic comedy—and a Shakespearean adaptation that's hard to resist". On Metacritic, the film has achieved an average score of 78/100 based on 37 reviews, signifying "generally favorable reviews".

John DeFore of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave a positive review of the film, remarking, "...more than most adaptations, this is a film true to Shakespeare's practice of employing all means at hand to keep the crowd entertained". Tom Clift of Moviedex complimented the director's use of subtle visual humor, while Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" commented that "this is the funniest Shakespeare film I can recall seeing". "The Guardian" scored the film four out of five stars, calling it "...the first great contemporary Shakespeare since Baz Luhrmann's Romeo and Juliet". Christopher Schobert of IndieWire wrote, "The result is an utter joy, Whedon's most emotionally resonant and fully realized feature film to date. And I say that as one who is not a devoted member of the Whedon army". Sheila O'Malley of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film four out of four stars, noting that ""Much Ado About Nothing" is one of the best films of the year". BBC Radio 5 Live's Mark Kermode said of the film, "One of the things that it manages to do is, firstly, make all the dialogue and the language completely comprehensible". He proceeded to note that "it makes sense to its audience. I think that the comedy is funny, and I don't say that lightly. ... And finally, I think in terms of the way in which it deals with that gender politics issue is really well done. ... It's a very hard trick to pull off, and he did it in two weeks!" Helen O'Hara of "Empire" believed that, while keeping a sense of noir to compensate the romance, it was "in balancing these competing elements and characters that this version really shines". "The Village Voice"s Chris Packham said that the director "approaches the story with a tremendous amount of joy".

Associated Press reviewer Jake Coyle wrote that "moviegoers will likely have few better options this summer for a good romantic comedy". A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" called it "the liveliest and most purely delightful movie I have seen so far this year", concluding to laud the film for its "sly, robust eroticism". Andrew O'Hehir of Salon wrote, "[It] possesses that Whedon-esque nerdy energy, fizzing with humor, eroticism, booze and more than a hint of danger". Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" thought the film was "good-humored and unpretentious in equal measure", going on to praise its visual performance. IGN gave it a 7.5 out of 10, noting that "everyone should see this movie". Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" gave high encomium to Kranz's performance, expressing that the actor "portrays Claudio with affecting passion", and says of the film, "The joyous spirit of the play has been preserved in this modest, homegrown production". "Rolling Stone" journalist Peter Travers wrote that the film was "an irresistible blend of mirth and malice". Justin Chang of "Variety" sensed that the black-and-white evoked a "timeless romanticism", which was additionally enhanced by the "lightly applied score". Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly"—despite commending it for being "both daring and delightfully daffy"—admits, "The film isn't as fast and funny as it could be".


"Much Ado About Nothing" was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on October 8, 2013. The film's US Blu-ray Disc features 1080p video, DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 surround, an UltraViolet digital copy, a music video for "Sigh No More" (one of the songs from the soundtrack), two audio commentaries and two featurettes. "Much Ado About Nothing" was awarded the Guinness World Record for having the most people record a Blu-ray or DVD commentary – 16.




</doc>
<doc id="33529082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33529082" title="East of Borneo">
East of Borneo

"For the art publication, see East of Borneo (magazine).

East of Borneo (1931) is an American Pre-Code adventure film directed by George Melford, co-written by Edwin H. Knopf and Dale Van Every, starring Rose Hobart, Charles Bickford, Georges Renavent, Lupita Tovar, and Noble Johnson, and released by Universal Studios. 

In 1936, artist Joseph Cornell edited this feature film into his short experimental film "Rose Hobart" which runs about 19 minutes. 

Linda Randolph (Hobart) looks for her husband on the island of Marado just east of Borneo. Although Linda is warned that Marado's jungles are “entirely too dangerous” for a woman, she persists through dangerous raft rides and wild crocodiles. She discovers that her husband is now the personal physician to the island’s enigmatic prince. The prince lusts for Linda, and a love triangle ensues. 

The film was shot largely at Universal Studios. Despite being essentially a b-picture, "East of Borneo" featured elaborate sets. Props and set dressing used in the film were reportedly valued at $100,000; this figure includes a large $25,000 Buddha statue, a very rare small white Buddha and a long mother-of-pearl inlaid bench, silver dinner utensils and Oriental rugs and drapery.



</doc>
<doc id="33529111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33529111" title="Where the West Begins (1938 film)">
Where the West Begins (1938 film)

Where the West Begins is a 1938 American film directed by J.P. McGowan.

After being told by his ranch boss Lynn that she plans to sell her ranch to finance a move east, Jack is framed for cattle rustling by Barnes, the man set to buy the ranch. With the help of his pal Buzz, Jack escapes the noose and the two set out to clear Jack's name. In addition, Jack is suspicious of the reason why Barnes wants to own Lynn's ranch in the first place.





</doc>
<doc id="33529172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33529172" title="Wreckless (film)">
Wreckless (film)

Wreckless is a 1935 American short film directed by William A. Shilling and starring Patricia Morison. It was Morrison's screen debut.

Mary Jane is a young woman who falls for an automobile salesman whose 75-miles-per-hour speeding gets him in trouble with the law. Under arrest, he persuades Mary Jane to ask her father's attorney to represent him.




</doc>
<doc id="33538111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33538111" title="Her Better Self">
Her Better Self

Her Better Self is a 1917 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick and Thomas Meighan and directed by Robert G. Vignola. It was produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is now considered lost. 

Like many American films of the time, "Her Better Self" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. The Chicago Board of Censors required cuts of two scenes of a girl walking away with a man and the arrest of the girl, an intertitle stating "I left the town in disgrace," and the stabbing in the suicide scene and the vision of the same.




</doc>
<doc id="33539227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33539227" title="A Slave of Vanity">
A Slave of Vanity

A Slave of Vanity is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, and directed and written by Henry Otto. The film was produced and distributed by the Robertson-Cole Pictures Corporation that eventually became part of Film Booking Office of America. The film is now considered lost.

Iris (Frederick), a British aristocrat, must choose between the poor Laurence (Barrie) and the rich Frederick (Louis). She decides to marry the wealthier Frederick, but at the last minute she changes her mind and runs off to Italy with Laurence. However, things do not work out quite the way she planned.





</doc>
<doc id="33539700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33539700" title="Sporting Life (1925 film)">
Sporting Life (1925 film)

Sporting Life is a 1925 American silent comedy drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur and a remake of Tourneur's 1918 film of the same title based on Seymour Hicks's popular play. Universal Pictures produced and released the film.

Once thought lost, it survives at UCLA Film and Television Archive.

A young British nobleman, impoverished and desperate, clings to the hope that either a prizefighter or a racehorse in which he holds interests can save his fortunes. 


"unbilled"



</doc>
<doc id="33540200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33540200" title="Battling Jane">
Battling Jane

Battling Jane is an American silent melodrama film released in 1918. It was directed by Elmer Clifton as a vehicle for Dorothy Gish and included some patriotic overtones. According to the Progressive Silent Film List at SilentEra.com, it is not known whether the film currently survives.

Jane, a waitress at a small town Maine hotel, assumes guardianship of a baby whose mother has died. The baby's rakish father, Dr. Sheldon, conspires to steal prize money won by Jane after she enters the child in a baby show. Jane manages to hold the doctor and his accomplice at bay until help arrives, then uses the prize money to help the war effort by purchasing Liberty Bonds and donating the rest to the Red Cross.

The film was released in the United States in September, 1918, and in Canada shortly before the new year. In some venues it was accompanied by the comedy film "The Goat" with Fred Stone. It would be one of the most financially successful films made by Gish for Paramount.

"Battling Jane" received good reviews for its performances and its scenario: "(T)hough by turns pure comedy and pure melodrama, (it) is logically and consistently told." A reviewer for the "Toronto World" thought Dorothy Gish "a marvel of cleverness... as charming as in any of her previous parts. Director Elmer Clifton leaves nothing to be desired, either in point of acting or investiture. The support is unusually capable." "The Evening Post" of Wellington, New Zealand, found the lead role "quaint"; nonetheless it praised both the "cleverly depicted" story and the leading lady: "There are hundreds of Janes in the world, no doubt... Ms. Gish portrays the character realistically."

The film played at the Strand Theatre in Christchurch, New Zealand in June, 1919.

Like many American films of the time, "Battling Jane" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors required a cut, in Reel 2. of the knifing of a man in Jane's room and, in Reel 5, the last scene of man robbing the safe.



</doc>
<doc id="33542102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33542102" title="The Stolen Kiss">
The Stolen Kiss

The Stolen Kiss is a 1920 American silent romance drama film starring Constance Binney. Kenneth Webb directed. The Realart Company, an affiliate of Paramount Pictures, produced the film. A print is preserved at the British Film Institute, London.

As described in a film magazine, very natural and impulsive Felicia Day (Binney), kept by a watchful governess and vigilant grandfather within walls that surround her home, makes the acquaintance of but one boy, Dudley Hamilt (La Rocque), who sings in the choir of the church next door. Years pass and he returns as a young man, again to meet Felicia over the garden wall, at which time they kiss impulsively only to be separated by her grandparent. Years pass and her grandparent dies, so she returns as an old fashioned maiden to the city. Forced to make her living by sewing, she has many adventures but is always trying to locate her ideal, Dudley. He, meanwhile, searches for her with equal ardor. The film concludes with their meeting and the pledging of their troth.




</doc>
<doc id="33548173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33548173" title="The Sea Ghost">
The Sea Ghost

The Sea Ghost is a 1931 American pre-Code film directed by William Nigh and starring Alan Hale, Clarence Wilson, Claud Allister and Laura La Plante. The film was retitled U 67 for its American reissue, stating in the foreword that "some of the scenes in this film show authentic exploits of the U 67 under actual wartime conditions".

Navy Lieutenant Greg Winters (Alan Hale) is found guilty by a court-martial for pausing briefly to prepare to rescue survivors of the "Alatania", a torpedoed ship, rather than attacking immediately the submarine responsible. As a result, he is sidelined for the rest of World War I.

In 1925 New Orleans, lawyer Henry Sykes (Clarence Wilson) hires now civilian Captain Winters for a salvage job on behalf of Evelyn Inchcape (Laura La Plante). Sykes insists on using his own deep sea diver to retrieve something from none other than the "Alatania". After a box is brought up, Winters confronts the diver, who turns out to be Karl Ludwig, the commander of the submarine for whom Winters has been searching. He puts Ludwig in the brig, though he soon escapes.

Then Winters goes to see Sykes and Inchcape. Inchcape's wealthy uncle and cousin lost their lives aboard the "Alatania". Winters reports he has recovered two wills, one leaving a million dollar estate to Inchcape, the other to the cousin, whom Sykes implies is still alive. Now, after seven years, the uncle can be declared legally dead. Winters is willing to split the money with either party. Despite his professed indifference to Inchcape's beauty and her loathing of men in general, when they are alone, he gives her the first option. She despises him, but he tears the will in her favor in two and gives her half. Later, he sees Sykes at his office and, while pretending to bargain, learns that the cousin is actually dead; Sykes intended to produce an imposter.

Sykes bribes Winters' first mate and some men to betray him. When Winters goes to settle accounts with Ludwig, he is ambushed and knocked out (though Ludwig has no part in it). Sykes kidnaps Inchcape and sets sail on Winters' ship. In a cabin, Sykes attempts to force himself on Inchcape, but she is rescued by Ludwig. They have a talk. Meanwhile, Winters, accompanied by his friend, ineffectual upper class lawyer Percy Atwater (Claud Allister), boards the ship and subdues the crew.

Then he gets his long-awaited bout with Ludwig. Just as Winters is about to choke the life out of his hated foe, Inchcape shows him a letter in which Ludwig's sweetheart informs him that she will be sailing on the "Alatania". Ludwig received it after the sinking. Winters acknowledges that Ludwig has suffered enough and lets him go.

Afterward, Winters forces Sykes to marry him and Inchcape, before having the lawyer tossed overboard.

As listed in opening credits of the American release: 



</doc>
<doc id="33548275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33548275" title="The Louisiana Hussy">
The Louisiana Hussy

Louisiana Hussy is a 1959 American film directed by Lee Sholem.

The film is also known as Louisiana Hussey (American alternative spelling).




</doc>
<doc id="33552037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33552037" title="Borrowed Hero">
Borrowed Hero

Borrowed Hero is a 1941 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins.




</doc>
<doc id="33552522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33552522" title="American Aristocracy">
American Aristocracy

American Aristocracy is a 1916 American silent adventure/comedy-drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Douglas Fairbanks. A 35mm print of the film is preserved at the George Eastman House and is currently in the public domain.




</doc>
<doc id="33556313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33556313" title="Jennifer (1953 film)">
Jennifer (1953 film)

Jennifer is a 1953 film directed by Joel Newton and starring Ida Lupino, Howard Duff, and Robert Nichols.

Down on her luck, Agnes Langley (Ida Lupino) is hired by Lorna Gale (Mary Shipp) to replace the "missing" Jennifer as caretaker for the Gale family's currently unoccupied Southern California estate. Agnes is immediately affected by the mysterious house and, after she finds a diary apparently belonging to Jennifer, becomes obsessed with determining the cause of the woman's "disappearance". 


"Time Out" magazine (London) writes of the film, "This is gothic romance crossed with early-'50s noir, worth a look for the sake of the great Wong Howe. Grey-listed and taking what work he could get, he tackles even this B-picture for Monogram with unfailing artistry, creating images that are strong without being showy, atmospheric yet perfectly naturalistic."



</doc>
<doc id="33567776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33567776" title="The Plot Thickens (film)">
The Plot Thickens (film)

The Plot Thickens is a 1936 mystery film directed by William Sistrom, starring James Gleason and ZaSu Pitts, who plays the schoolteacher and amateur sleuth Hildegarde Withers from Stuart Palmer's stories. Gleason reprised his role as Hildegarde's friendly nemesis, Inspector Oscar Piper, from RKO Radio Pictures' previous Hildegarde Withers films.

Hildegarde Withers (ZaSu Pitts) is a novelist who now tries to figure out the connection between two unrelated murders. Inspector Oscar Piper (James Gleason), is Hildegarde's friendly nemesis.




</doc>
<doc id="33569977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33569977" title="Iron Angel (film)">
Iron Angel (film)

Iron Angel is a 1964 American film directed by Ken Kennedy.




</doc>
<doc id="33572277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33572277" title="You Don't Know What You're Doin'!">
You Don't Know What You're Doin'!

You Don't Know What You're Doin'! is a 1931 animated short subject directed by Rudolf Ising and produced by Hugh Harman, Rudolf Ising, and Leon Schlesinger as part of the "Merrie Melodies" series from the Harman-Ising studios and distributed by Warner Bros. First released on October 21, 1931, the film is perhaps one of the most amusing and effective of the cartoons from the studio's earliest years.

The story involves the character Piggy, who picks up his girlfriend Fluffy and takes her to a theater where a hot jazz orchestra is playing. Piggy mocks the trumpet soloist, then crashes the stage to play a corny chorus of the 1873 hit "Silver Threads Among the Gold" on the saxophone. The audience, led by three shabbily-dressed drunken dogs in the balcony, mock Piggy with the title song "You Don't Know What You're Doin,'" as Piggy defends his self-perceived "talent."

One of the tipplers (a black dog, perhaps a prototype of Goopy Geer) joins Piggy onstage. The dog drinks from a bottle of bootleg hootch (the film was made during alcohol Prohibition in the USA) and belches in Piggy's face. The fumes on his breath instantly intoxicate Piggy. Piggy snatches the booze and runs out of the theater with the dog chasing him. He pours some of it into the radiator of an automobile, which arches its back like a frightened cat and takes Piggy for a wild ride through the city. Even the streets, lampposts, telephone poles, and background buildings seem to come to life in a loopy, drunken state.

The dog continues to chase after Piggy, but both of them eventually end up in the back of a truck which dumps them into a trash can. Both of them shout out "Whoopee!" as the cartoon comes to an end.

The musical soundtrack was done by the then-nationally famous Abe Lyman Orchestra (though on some prints mis-attributed to the Gus Arnheim band), which adds a happy energy throughout the cartoon. The eccentric virtuoso trombone playing of Orlando "Slim" Martin is prominently featured. Martin played not only music but also some rather bizarre effects on his horn (the techniques he used to produce some of his sounds continue to puzzle other trombonists). His trombone solo representing the drunken automobile is especially memorable. The Schlesinger Studio had their sound effects department construct mechanical devices to roughly reproduce some of Martin's sounds, which became standard cartoon sound effects.

"You Don't Know What You're Doin'!" is available on disc 3 of the .




</doc>
<doc id="33580698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33580698" title="Sidewalks of New York (1931 film)">
Sidewalks of New York (1931 film)

Sidewalks of New York is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Zion Myers and Jules White and starring Buster Keaton. The film was commercially successful.

Harmon (Keaton) is a wealthy landlord. When he goes to visit one of his tenements, he gets caught in the middle of a brawl between groups of kids, one of whom, Clipper Kelly (Phillips) starts to attack Harmon. When Harmon defends himself, he is seen by Clipper's sister, Margie (Page). Harmon falls in love at first sight and begins to woo her following his trial for attacking Clipper. In order to demonstrate that he is okay, Harmon opens a gymnasium for the street boys, but Clipper, who has fallen in with a small-time gangster, Butch (Rowan), wants nothing to do with Harmon and turns the other boys against him.

Harmon tries to win them over by staging a wrestling match with his friend Poggle (Edwards) and a rigged boxing match with Mulvaney (Saylor). In the meantime, Butch has gotten Clipper involved in a series of robberies with Clipper dressed as a woman. When Butch and Clipper believe Harmon has learned of their illegal activities, Butch orders Clipper to kill Harmon during a stage play that is being performed at the gymnasium, but Clipper gets cold feet. Butch grabs Harmon, who is dressed in Clipper's drag costume, thinking he is Clipper, and heads up to Harmon's mansion to rob it. Butch's gang joins them and Clipper and the other boys come to Harmon's rescue.


Keaton's most commercially successful film, "Sidewalks of New York" grossed $885,000 with a net profit of nearly $200,000.



</doc>
<doc id="33581371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33581371" title="Jack and the Beanstalk (1902 film)">
Jack and the Beanstalk (1902 film)

Jack and the Beanstalk is a 1902 American short film directed by George S. Fleming and Edwin S. Porter.

In this earliest known adaptation of the classic fairy tale, Jack first trades his cow for the bean. His mother then makes him drop them in the front yard, and go to his room. As he sleeps, Jack is visited by a fairy who shows him glimpses of what will await him when he ascends the bean stalk. In this version, Jack is the son of a deposed king.

When Jack wakes up, he finds the beanstalk has grown and he climbs to the top where he enters the giant's home. The giant finds Jack, who narrowly escapes. The giant chases Jack down the bean stalk, but Jack is able to cut it down before the giant can get to safety. He falls and is killed. Jack celebrates. The fairy then reveals that Jack may return home as a prince.




</doc>
<doc id="33583042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33583042" title="King of the Newsboys">
King of the Newsboys

King of the Newsboys is a 1938 American film directed by Bernard Vorhaus.




</doc>
<doc id="33583120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33583120" title="Ladies Crave Excitement">
Ladies Crave Excitement

Ladies Crave Excitement is a 1935 American action–comedy drama film released by Mascot Pictures, directed by Nick Grinde and starring Norman Foster, Evalyn Knapp and Esther Ralston.

Don Phelan, the ace newsreel reporter, falls in love with Wilma Howell, the daughter of the owner of another newsreel company that is a bitter rival of the one Don works for. The rivalry, with cameramen jostling each other out of the way, acts of sabotage, and reporters fighting to get the 'scoop', does not bode well for the romance.


"Ladies Crave Excitement" was released on DVD on July 26, 2010. The film was again released on DVD on August 27, 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="33586244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33586244" title="Midnight Warning">
Midnight Warning

Midnight Warning is a 1932 American Pre-Code film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet. The film is also known as Eyes of Mystery (new American title).

A sister & brother check into a posh hotel. Shortly thereafter, the brother is missing, & despite the sister's inquiries, no one admits to ever having seen the man. Meanwhile, a sniper shoots bullets through the window of the room that the brother & sister stayed in. Is there any connection between these events? That's the mystery.




</doc>
<doc id="33593483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33593483" title="Doughboys (1930 film)">
Doughboys (1930 film)

Doughboys is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Buster Keaton. It was Keaton's second starring talkie vehicle. A Spanish-language version was also made under the title, "De Frente, Marchen."

Elmer (Keaton), a member of the idle rich, is smitten by working girl Mary (Sally Eilers), who will have nothing to do with him. When Elmer's chauffeur gets caught up in an army recruitment drive and quits, Elmer goes to an employment agency to find a new driver and accidentally enlists in the army. Elmer learns that Mary is on the base to entertain the troops and learns that his drill sergeant, Brophy (Edward Brophy), is also interested in Mary.


Keaton had creative input in "Doughboys", which was partly inspired by his own experience in World War I. Although the writers kept inserting puns and verbal jokes into the script, Keaton insisted that his dialogue, at least, be less "jokey." Keaton felt that "Doughboys" was the best of the films he made for MGM.



</doc>
<doc id="33598182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33598182" title="The Mystery Man (film)">
The Mystery Man (film)

The Mystery Man is a 1935 American film directed by Ray McCarey.

A Chicago newspaper man, Larry Doyle, finds himself in St. Louis after a night of drunken revelry. Low on money, he sees a young woman, Anne Olgivie, at a coffee counter. She hasn't got enough money to cover her bill, so he surreptitiously pays for her. Later, after sending a telegram to his boss asking for funds, Larry sees Anne again, trying to send a wire to her mother for money to come home. Unable to pay for the message, she leaves, and Larry recovers her note. Exiting to the street, he thinks he sees Anne throw herself in front of a car, so he grabs her, making it look as if she embraces him wildly. He admits to her that he is broke and that he knows she is, as well. They take a suite in a Hotel, pretending to be on their honeymoon and try to raise some money. After being revealed to the hotel manager, Larry receives fifty dollars from his coworkers, which gives them some time. Larry attempts to get a job with a local paper because he has a line on the Eel, a local gangster. But his boss in Chicago denies his identity. Again out of money, Larry pawns a police revolver he was given as an award for solving a case in Chicago. Shortly thereafter, Larry and Anne witness a robbery by the Eel, where a police officer is killed. Larry takes the place of the getaway driver and gets the loot before driving off. The next day, Larry describes the robbery to the police, while hiding his involvement. But when the gun used is found, it turns out to be Larry's. Once the police figure out Larry's part in the robbery, he is suspected of murder. When his boss in Chicago finally admits who he is to the police, he is given twenty-four hours to find the Eel. Returning with Anne to the pawn shop, which they have worked out is the meeting place, Larry confronts the pawn broker, reveals he knows of the broker's complicity and they fight. Having knocked out the broker, Larry pretends to be him when the Eel arrives. But the Eel isn't fooled and attempts to shoot him, but is shot by Anne, instead. When the story hits the papers, Larry is worried because they all refer to Anne as "Mrs. Doyle", meaning they'll have to get married, which is fine with them both.




</doc>
<doc id="33611651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33611651" title="The Racing Strain (1932 film)">
The Racing Strain (1932 film)

The Racing Strain is a 1932 American film directed by Jerome Storm.

A race-car driver whose career is on the skids because of his drinking falls for a rich society girl. That motivates him to clean up his act and resume his career, but it may be too late for that.


This film is in the public domain, and is available for free download at the Internet Archive.




</doc>
<doc id="33611878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33611878" title="Tangled Trails">
Tangled Trails

Tangled Trails is a 1921 American silent adventure film directed by Charles Bartlett.

The film is also known as Sands of Sacrifice.
As described in a film magazine, Corporal Jack Borden (Hart) of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police is assigned to arrest Phil Lawson (Roseman), a crooked mine promoter, on suspicion of murder. Discarding his uniform, Jack follows Phil to New York City and overtakes him just in time to rescue a stenographer from Lawson's clutches. Lawson escapes and, with Jack on his trail, foes to an underworld retreat. Jack overtakes him and is victorious in another battle, but the promoter escapes again. Still on his trail, Jack follows his man back to Canada where, after several fistfights, he finally captures Lawson and sent to pay for his crimes. Jack is finally able to return to his wife Milly (Palmer), from whom he has been long separated.


Copies of "Tangled Trails" survive and the film has been released on DVD.



</doc>
<doc id="33613261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33613261" title="A Curious Dream">
A Curious Dream

A Curious Dream is a 1907 short drama film based on Mark Twain's short story "The Curious Dream". Twain himself provided the following testimonial: "Gentlemen: I authorize the Vitagraph Company of America to make a moving picture from my 'Curious Dream.' I have their picture of John Barter, examining his gravestone, and find it frightfully and deliciously humorous".



</doc>
<doc id="33620321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33620321" title="The Dognapper">
The Dognapper

The Dognapper is a 1934 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The cartoon stars Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck as police officers who chase Pegleg Pete after he dognaps Fifi, Minnie Mouse's pet Pekingese. The film was directed by David Hand and features the voices of Clarence Nash as Mickey and Donald and Billy Bletcher as Pete. This was the first and only time that Mickey was voiced by Nash; Walt was in Europe at the time and was unavailable to record his lines for Mickey, thus, Nash took over.

"The Dognapper" was Donald's third film and was the first adventure story to feature both Mickey and Donald. This was the second of only three B&W cartoons to feature Donald Duck (the other two being "Orphan's Benefit" and "Mickey's Service Station"). Because the color of Donald's feet doesn't show in black and white, his feet were black in these cartoons.

The plot is introduced in newspaper headlines that Fifi, Minnie Mouse's pekingese, has been dognapped, along with a description of the suspect, Peg Leg Pete. A radio transmission detailing the suspect's get-away car is heard by police officer Mickey Mouse and his sidekick Donald Duck. The pair soon see Peg Leg Pete speed by in the car and they chase after him, Mickey driving a motorcycle and Donald riding in a sidecar. Despite Pete's evasive maneuvers he is unable to escape from Mickey and Donald, and they eventually follow him to his hideout in an abandoned sawmill.

Inside, Pete chains Fifi to the wall and grabs a submachine gun. Mickey and Donald follow Pete into the sawmill and hold him at gunpoint. The film is filled with various gags showing the two law men as bumbling and incompetent, yet at every turn they are able to stay ahead of Pete, but not capture him.

Finally, while Mickey and Donald are standing on a log, Pete turns on a circular saw positioned to cut the log. Mickey and Donald run to stay ahead of the blade, but eventually the end of the log comes and the saw blade shakes loose and spins out of control. The blade proves a threat for all three of the characters, but eventually Pete gets his peg leg caught in the center hole and brings it to a stop. Mickey and Donald restrain him with a corset, and in the final scene Mickey and Donald march Pete off to jail with the now-free Fifi angrily barking at him.





</doc>
<doc id="33621234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33621234" title="Action in Arabia">
Action in Arabia

Action in Arabia (also known as Danger in Damascus and International Zone) is a 1944 film directed by Leonide Moguy and starring George Sanders and Virginia Bruce. The film was written by Philip MacDonald and Herbert J. Biberman. The supporting cast includes Gene Lockhart and Robert Armstrong, and the plot involves trouble and intrigue with the Nazis in Damascus, who scheme to seize control of the Suez Canal.

In the spring of 1941, American journalist Michael Gordon (George Sanders) and his colleague, William Chalmers (Robert Anderson), arrive in Damascus. When Chalmers is murdered, Gordon sets out to find out why. He is helped along by glamorous secret agent Yvonne (Virginia Bruce), who is on the trail of a group of Nazi saboteurs. Intrigue centers around the actions of Josef Danesco (Gene Lockhart) who offers to sell information, as well as French diplomatic official Andre Leroux (André Charlot) and Eric Latimer (Alan Napier), the owner of the Hotel International, both suspected of having connections with the Nazis.

Gordon enlists the help of Mathew Reed (Robert Armstrong), a member of the American Consulate and uncovers a plot to maneuver the Arabs into an insurrection as a diversion for an attack on the Suez Canal by the Nazis. Abdul El Rashid (H.B. Warner), the revered Arab leader, has been deceived by Kareem (Jamiel Hasson), a pro-Nazi chieftain. When Gordon proves Leroux to be a German provocateur to Abdul El Rashid, it results in the deaths of Reed and Leroux and the wounding of Gordon, but the plot to attack the Suez Canal is thwarted.

As appearing in "Action in Algeria", (main roles and screen credits identified):

In 1943 RKO announced they had bought the rights to an original story, "The Fanatic of Fez", about the work of American agents in Africa prior to the invasion of Africa. A novel of the story was published in May 1943.

George Sanders had just finished a long term contact with 20th Century Fox and signed a three-picture deal with RKO of which this was to be the first. Filming started on 1 October 1943 under the title "International Zone".

Set mainly on the RKO backlot, the production relied on the customary sets that had been used in a variety of other films including "Gone with the Wind" (1939). Principal photography took place from October 21 to December 1943. In the opening scene, the Capelis XC-12 appears as an airliner; the venerable movie prop had been used in a number of films including RKO's "Five Came Back" (1939) and Republic's "Flying Tigers" (1942).

As world events turned to North Africa, the original setting of Algiers was dropped and Damascus became the locale, with a budget increase of $100,000 given to elevate the film to a higher status. (The New York Times said this was a 100% increase and it happened three weeks into filming.)

The film was originally titled "International Zone" but was retitled "Action in Arabia" during filming. Shooting was delayed a week due to an illness to Virginia Bruce. It was also called "Danger in Damascus".

"Action in Arabia" does include a number of scenes of Arab life including a desert scene with numerous extras, horses and camel caravans. Years earlier, filmmakers Ernest B. Schoedsack and Merian C. Cooper had shot footage for an unrealized film about Lawrence of Arabia, that they were planning as a follow-up to their hit, "King Kong" (1933). This footage was integrated into "Action in Arabia".

Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" reviewed "Action in Arabia", considering it better than the standard "B" film fare. "... 'Action in Arabia' is the sort of buncombe you get in the muscular fiction field. Not that it isn't pleasant buncombe. Leonide Moguy has directed it for that flair of exaggeration which distinguished the best B-grade intrigues."




</doc>
<doc id="33641272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33641272" title="Africa Squeaks">
Africa Squeaks

Africa Squeaks is a 1940 American animated cartoon in the "Looney Tunes" series starring Porky Pig. It was directed by Bob Clampett, animated by John Carey, Dave Hoffman, Izzy Ellis, Norman McCabe, and Vive Risto, with musical direction by Carl Stalling. The cartoon is a parody of the movie "Stanley and Livingstone" starring Spencer Tracy and Cedric Hardwicke. The title parodies the 1930 documentary "Africa Speaks!"

The narrator introduces the audience to Africa. The journey begins in the heart of Darkest Africa. Porky Pig is leading a group of African people as they sing, carrying items. Then, during their song, they sing "We don't know where we're going, but we're going!". Meanwhile, a sign says, "Welcome to Africa Lions Club". Then, Porky and the Africans approach a sour-pussed caricature of Spencer Tracy named Stanley, a reference to his role in "Stanley and Livingstone". Stanley presumes that Porky is Dr. Livingstone, but Porky tells him his name. Stanley shrugs and lets Porky and the Africans continue marching.

The narrator tells the audience that during their journey, they saw interesting specimen of wild life. An ostrich has put his head into a hole. Underground, the ostrich is actually sleeping on a pillow.

Meanwhile, two lions are eating bones of their prey. The second lion gets a columba, and together, the two lions grab the ends of the bone. The lion says "Make a wish", and after breaking the bone, they continue eating.

High in the tree tops, a mother monkey is taking her baby for a breath of fresh air. The mother is using her tail to swing her baby is if in a carriage.

Meanwhile, emerging out of the grass comes a gorilla, and as it turns around, it reveals itself to be a caricature of Tony Galento with a beer, saying that he'll "moider da bum".

A native is seen using a blowgun to "put meat on the table". Just then, it is revealed that the native is playing a carnival-related game to win a ham. The person in charge (with Mel Blanc's voice imitating Rochester from The Jack Benny Program) gives the native a ham to put meat on the table.

Later, after nightfall, the narrator says that at night, the African jungle is filled with silence, but noises start being heard. A tired Porky pops his head out of his tent, and yells to the animals "QUIET!", and goes back to sleep. Meanwhile, Stanley is still looking for Dr. Livingstone. He looks in a mother kangaroo's pouch, only to be honked on the nose by her baby.

The next day, the Africans and Porky resume their march. A tree has a poster that is a re-election poster for "King of the Jungle" (promising "Thirty Coconuts Every Thursday"- a reference to a popular "Thirty Dollars Every Thursday" pension plan of the day).

Meanwhile, the explorers come upon a very unusual situation. A cat kicks an elephant out of her house, and until he can pay his rent, she'll be keeping his trunk. Then the elephant, now without his trunk, starts crying and says that his trunk has all his stuff in it.

A vulture is looking for food. He sees three baby deer who wandered away from their mother. The vulture starts charging at them, and the deer run into a clump of grass. Just then, the grass lowers, as the deer use "Air Raid" on the vulture. They shoot down the vulture, and the deer laugh in a villainous manner.

Back with Porky, a little African native is running, yelling "Two arms!", and random gibberish. He points to the village, as the narrator says that the boy says that the villagers have spotted a strange white man in the village. Porky then drags Stanley over to the village, as the narrator says that his journey is finally over. Stanley presumes that the white man is Dr. Livingstone. The white man reveals himself to be "Cake-Icer", as he is a music teacher (a reference to Kay Kyser, and his "Kollege of Musical Knowledge" radio program). He asks the students if he's right, and then a monkey comes out of Stanley's hat saying "Yeah!" many times. Cake-Icer wants everyone to dance, and music starts with an elephant using his trunk like a tuba. Everybody starts dancing, including two fat Africans.

The narrator says that after a long day, they decide to return home. Then, Porky and the Africans start running, as the Africans are singing a different song this time. The narrator says his farewell to Africa, and then the actual continent (with a face) and waves goodbye.

Many clips of the short were removed on the 1968 colorized version on Nickelodeon in 1990 due to its racial stereotyped theme as the short reduced to 5 minutes. The short begins with the continents and immediately goes straight to the animal clips (which is its main focus) starting with the ostrich. After the gorilla clip, it immediately fades black to the nighttime clip. However, the "King of the jungle" poster is left attached. Scenes later after the baby deer clip, it fades black to Stanley presuming Dr. Livingstone, and then cuts to the clip where the "Cake-Icer" pointing to his introduction, and following by animals playing instruments along with a clip of the "Cake-Icer" and immediately goes back to the continents. However, the face and the tissue does not show on the actual continent. Instead it immediately zooms out the continent as the cartoon ends.






</doc>
<doc id="33647611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33647611" title="Roses Are Red (film)">
Roses Are Red (film)

Roses Are Red is a 1947 American film noir crime drama film directed by James Tinling, featuring film stars Don Castle and Peggy Knudsen.

The film features an early performance by Jeff Chandler as a gangster.




</doc>
<doc id="33685214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33685214" title="Small Town Boy">
Small Town Boy

Small Town Boy is a 1937 American film directed by Glenn Tryon.




</doc>
<doc id="33695033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33695033" title="A Devil with Women">
A Devil with Women

A Devil with Women is a 1930 American pre-Code film starring Victor McLaglen, Mona Maris, and Humphrey Bogart, and directed by Irving Cummings. Set in a Central American country, adventurer McLaglen and sidekick Bogart find themselves in a fierce competition for a luscious young woman's attentions. Notable for being among Bogart's earliest large film roles.




</doc>
<doc id="33711044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33711044" title="Symphony in Black">
Symphony in Black

Symphony in Black: A Rhapsody of Negro Life is a nine-and-a-half minute musical short produced in 1935 that features Duke Ellington’s early extended piece, "A Rhapsody of Negro Life". The film, Billie Holiday’s screen debut, was directed by Fred Waller and distributed by Paramount Pictures.

"Symphony in Black" represents a landmark in musical, cultural, and entertainment history as well as significant progress in Ellington’s own biography. It is a member of the first generation of non-classically arranged orchestral scores and perhaps most importantly, one of the first films written by an African American describing African American life to reach wide distribution.

"Symphony in Black" depicts black life in America and the composition itself ("A Rhapsody of Negro Life") is divided into four parts: “The Laborers,” “A Triangle”, “A Hymn of Sorrow” and “Harlem Rhythm”. “A Triangle” features the vocals by Holiday and solos by jazz clarinetist and tenor saxophonist Barney Bigard and Ellington Orchestra regular, trombonist 'Tricky Sam' Nanton. It is important to note that while "Symphony in Black" is the title of the Paramount film, "A Rhapsody of Negro Life" is the actual title of Ellington's composition. The piece has been largely overshadowed by its successor, perhaps Ellington’s most best known extended composition, "Black, Brown, and Beige" and thus significantly less documentation exists concerning it.

Despite that, on October 19, 1935, "The Chicago Defender" published an article entitled "Spotlites of Harlem", that announced the release of "Symphony in Black" among other current musical events of interest to readers. The film won the Best "musical short subject" Academy Award for its year.

In 1989, "The New York Times" published an article entitled “Celebrating the Variety of Ellington”, which discussed a revival of the piece by the American Jazz Orchestra in honor of Duke Ellington’s 90th birthday. "It contains some of Ellington’s most inventive, dramatic music", said Gunther Schuller (one of the conductor). Schuller went on to say, "If things had been right, he would have made a great opera composer. He takes crude scripts and writes music that underscores the scenario as well as any film composer ever did. It is greater music by the fact that Ellington went beyond the functional aspect of film music, and it’s great music intrinsically."

The other conductor of the Orchestra, Maurice Peress was especially interested in reviving Ellington’s rarer works, a description which certainly includes "Symphony in Black"/"A Rhapsody of Negro Life". According to the article, Ellington only recorded the piece once for the original score to the film, and in fact the recording is so rare, it does not show up in any Ellington discographies. Several of the symphony’s themes though were taken out and made into shorter individual pieces. Despite this, Schuller said, "…by and large, the piece vanished from memory, except in the minds of a few Ellington film collectors."
"It’s terribly important for these pieces to be performed", said Schuller. "No musical tradition can remain vital unless it’s performed live. No musical tradition can exist in a museum form. I believe that the whole idea of repertory in jazz is long, long overdue. It’s not yet caught on as a major idea, but consider that the history of jazz is 60 or 70 or 80 years old, so we have a tremendous amount of music that can be replicated. It’s no different than in classical, where you play Brahms with one sound, Debussy with another – that’s the sort of care we have to bring to all this. This isn’t slavish imitation: it’s bringing the music alive, which it deserves to be."

In "The Musical Quarterly", John Howland wrote an article entitled "The Blues Get Glorified: Harlem Entertainment, Negro Nuances, and Black Symphonic Jazz". In his analysis of the piece, Howland says, "the narrative content and musical arrangement of the film present an ideal microcosm of the hybrid cultural aesthetics that informed a special category of prewar, jazz-based concert works by popular music composers in Harlem."
He goes on to say that “the pantomime narrative of "Symphony in Black" depicts a celebrated African American symphonic composer—Duke Ellington—and the world premiere of his racially motivated symphony, or rhapsody. The subtitle of this film, like many other rhapsody-themed stage numbers and jazz-styled concert works of the day, purposefully alludes to the inspiration and catalyst for the most symphonic jazz concert works of the 1920s and 1930s, George Gershwin’s "Rhapsody in Blue". The identification of popular-idiom concert works and concert-style popular song arrangements is central to understanding the mixed cultural aesthetics and formal design of a work like "Symphony in Black", which owes very little to the performance traditions, formal expectations, and generic conventions of Euro-American classical music.”

Instead, Howland suggests that ""Symphony in Black" actually represents the upward-leaning—or rather 'glorified'—extension of a family of production-number-arranging conventions that were widely shared across dance bands, big band jazz, and the orchestral idioms of Hollywood and Broadway musicals, interwar radio, and the deluxe movie palace prologues of the day. Such concert-style popular music was central to the theater and stage (as opposed to dance) repertories of these orchestral traditions, and the spectacular jazz-oriented production number arrangements of many contemporary stage and film musicals were among the most visible extensions of these practices."



</doc>
<doc id="33716930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33716930" title="Always Goodbye (1938 film)">
Always Goodbye (1938 film)

Always Goodbye is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Herbert Marshall, and Ian Hunter.

Following the death of her fiancé as he was speeding to their wedding, Margot Weston is left pregnant and devastated. A former doctor, Jim Howard, helps the desperate Margot. When her son is born, Jim helps her find a home for the baby with Phil Marshall and his wife. Margot insists that neither the Marshalls nor the child can ever know that she is his mother.

Five years later, while working as a well-paid buyer for couturier Harriet Martin, Margot meets Jim Howard again, and the two begin to fall in love. When Margot is sent to Europe on a business trip for Harriet, she meets and is wooed by the charming and carefree Count Giovanni Corini. While in Paris, she happens to meet her son, Roddy, who is traveling with his aunt who has been taking care of him since his adoptive mother died.

On the trip back to America, Margot and Roddy become close. Giovanni is also on the same ship, and he continues to pursue Margot. Back home, Margot becomes convinced that Jessica Reid, Phil's new fiancée, does not love him, and would be a bad mother to Roddy. Margot decides to break up the engagement, though Jim, beginning a career as a scientist, reminds her of her earlier promise not to interfere in the boy's life.

Phil overhears a conversation between Margot and Jessica which brings their engagement to an end. Meanwhile, Jim tries to ask Margot to marry him, but then Phil asks Margot to marry him for his and Roddy's sake. Though Margot admits she loves Jim, he steps aside so that she can have a life with Roddy and Phil.




</doc>
<doc id="33723777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33723777" title="The Sphinx (1933 film)">
The Sphinx (1933 film)

The Sphinx is a 1933 American Pre-Code mystery drama film directed by Phil Rosen. The film was remade by William Beaudine as "Phantom Killer" in 1942.

A man comes out of the office of "Garfield Investment Company". He meets the janitor in the stairs and asks him for a match, and then what time it is. "It's nine" the Italian-American janitor Luigi Bacciagalupi (Luis Alberni) answers and wants to know from which apartment he came out. The man leaves without answering. Short after the janitor finds a dead man in the office of "Garfield Investment Company". Newspaperman Burton (Theodore Newton) from the Chronicle is there to talk with the inspector. Before he can see him he talks with the watching police officer, and after a while, realizes that the Garfield Investment Company just that morning went bankrupt. "Another broker went down the flush". The janitor recognizes on the police records the man who came out of the office, Mr. Breen. During the trial he sticks to what he has seen and what he has heard, though two different doctors testify that Mr. Breen is deaf and mute since birth.

Young chronicle newspaperman Jerry Crane, in love with his good-looking girl colleague, has a feeling that Breen is a strange guy and tries to convince her not to go for interview to his house. Meantime a young broker tells him he has a hint, if he gets enough money for it. Breen comes to see the young broker before at half past eight the Burton comes to his house. A second time Mr. Breen asks for the time after seeing his victim. The puzzling case has the parallel love story of the two newspaper-people of the Chronicle. While Burton, who wants to marry Crane, is skeptical about Breen, Crane is fascinated, and dedicates him a series of articles. When Inspector Riley thinks he saw Breen hearing the playing of the piano when they are in his house, the next morning a third dead man is on the list.




</doc>
<doc id="33728053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33728053" title="The Miracle of St. Anne">
The Miracle of St. Anne

The Miracle of St. Anne was a short film, now lost, made by Orson Welles. It served as a prelude to the play "The Unthinking Lobster", which was written and directed by Welles as part of a collection of two one-act plays (with "Time Runs…") performed under the banner title of "The Blessed and the Damned". The film consisted of the rushes for a Biblical epic that was a film-within-the-play.

"The Blessed and the Damned" premiered in Paris at the "Théâtre Edouard VII" and attracted positive notices. "Le Monde" described it as "a stage masterpiece"), but the show was a financial flop. Jonathan Rosenbaum speculates its failure was due to the language barrier (the play and film were in English). After the play's failure in Paris, Welles toured Germany with it.

Welles described "The Miracle of St. Anne" to his biographer Peter Bogdanovich:

"The Unthinking Lobster" takes place in Hollywood while the town is in the grip of a cycle of religious movies. On one set an Italian neorealist is making the story of a saint like Bernadette who worked miracles and cured the sick. He has just fired the star and replaced her with a secretary from the typists' pool because she seems to have a more spiritual quality. As it turns out, he's only too right. The scene they're shooting has a lot of cripples in it, and the Italian has insisted that, in the interest of believability, on the first day they must be real. So a lot of malformed, miserable people are brought in by the casting department. She blesses them and - behold! - they throw away their crutches - they are cured! She "is" a saint. So Hollywood becomes the new Lourdes. People go on their knees through the gates of MGM. Little pieces of film are sold as holy amulets...Except for the trade in sacred relics, business is terrible. The industry is only saved by the arrival of an archangel who goes into a conference with the studio heads, and makes a deal with them: heaven is prepared to suspend any further miracles in Hollywood if, in exchange, Hollywood stop making religious pictures.""

Welles later hoped to realise the whole of "The Unthinking Lobster" as a full-length feature film, but it was never made. Between 1948 and 1952, Welles' cinematic efforts were focussed on his film adaptation of "Othello".

"The Miracle of St. Anne" was filmed in the park of Buttes Chaumont, and Welles described the film thus: "It's got a lot of distinguished Paris celebrities [in it] … It's not supposed to be a very good film — it's just rushes. The play begins in a projection room where they're running rushes.""

The only known copy of the film was owned by Welles, and has long been believed to be lost, although a short clip of the footage is in circulation among private collectors.

The second one-act play, "Time Runs...", was a retelling of "Faust", with Welles as Doctor Faustus and the young Eartha Kitt as Helen of Troy.

After the failure of "The Blessed and the Damned" in Paris, Welles dropped "Time Runs..." from the show and toured Germany with "The Unthinking Lobster", which was performed in Act I, and Act II consisted of numerous scenes and sketches, including a heavily condensed version of "The Importance of Being Earnest".

"The Unthinking Lobster" was published in Paris in 1952, paired off with a two-act play written by Welles, "Fair Warning" (which Welles never performed, but which had several staging in Ireland). Neither of these plays was ever published in English. "Time Runs..." was never published at all.




</doc>
<doc id="33731064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33731064" title="Under Texas Skies (1930 film)">
Under Texas Skies (1930 film)

Under Texas Skies is a 1930 American film directed by J.P. McGowan.




</doc>
<doc id="33740907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33740907" title="And Then There Were None (1945 film)">
And Then There Were None (1945 film)

And Then There Were None is a 1945 film adaptation of Agatha Christie's best-selling mystery novel of the same name, directed by René Clair. It was released in the United Kingdom as Ten Little Indians, in keeping with a later United Kingdom title of Christie's novel.

Eight people, all total strangers to each other, are invited to a small, isolated island off the coast of Devon, England, by a Mr. and Mrs. Owen. Ferried over by a sailor called Narracott, they settle in at a mansion tended by two newly-hired servants, Thomas and Ethel Rogers, but their hosts are absent. When the guests sit down to dinner, they notice the centerpiece, ten figurines of Indians in a circle. Afterward, Thomas Rogers puts on a gramophone record, from which a voice accuses them all of murder:

It turns out that none of the ten knows or has even seen "U. N. Owen," as he signed his instructions to Rogers; they suddenly realize it stands for "unknown." The guests decide to leave, but Rogers informs them that the boat will not return until Monday, and it is only Friday.

Starloff admits to running down a couple while speeding. Then he takes a drink and dies from poison. The next morning, the guests learn that Mrs. Rogers has died in her sleep. Quinncannon reports that Rogers found one figurine broken after Starloff's demise. Now another is missing. With two deaths matching the Ten Little Indians nursery rhyme, they search the island for "Mr. Owen" without success. After General Mandrake is stabbed in the back, the judge arrives at the only explanation: Owen must be one of them.

Another day passes. Everyone votes secretly for whom they suspect. Only Rogers receives two votes, and is sent to spend the night in the woodshed. After locking the dining room, they give Rogers the key. The next morning, however, they find him dead, his head split open with an axe. Miss Claythorne persuades Miss Brent to reveal that she had her nephew placed in a reformatory, where he hanged himself. Later that day, Miss Brent's body is found with a hypodermic needle nearby. Armstrong discovers that his is missing. Lombard admits he had a revolver, but it is lost as well.

At dinner, Quinncannon confesses he sentenced an innocent man to death to ruin the defending counsel's reputation. Armstrong then admits to operating while drunk, with fatal results. Blore grudgingly discloses that he perjured himself to put an innocent man in prison, where he died. Lombard merely states that the accusation against him is true. When it is Miss Claythorne's turn, she excuses herself to get her coat. The others hear her shriek and rush to her. In the confusion, a single gunshot is heard. They find her shaken after being brushed by seaweed hanging from the ceiling. They eventually find Lombard's gun, and Quinncannon dead from a shot to the head.

Miss Claythorne insists she is innocent, but Armstrong contends that only a person who had not committed a crime would want to mete out "justice", and locks her in her room. Later that night, she wakes to find Lombard outside her window. After he gives her his gun, she lets him inside. He persuades her to admit that it was her sister who killed her own fiancé, and that Miss Claythorne helped her cover up the crime and unofficially took the blame. They hear someone going downstairs. Upon investigation, they realize that Armstrong is missing.

The next morning, Blore goes outside to look for Armstrong and is struck by stonework toppled from the floor above. Lombard takes binoculars found beside the body and sees what Blore had—a corpse on the beach. It is Armstrong. Miss Claythorne pulls out the gun, now certain that Lombard is the killer. He tells her that his real name is Charles Morley, and that the real Lombard was his friend and had committed suicide. Morley has a flash of insight and urges Vera to shoot him.

Miss Claythorne fires and Morley drops. Returning to the mansion, she finds a noose hanging in the parlor and discovers who Owen is: Quinncannon, very much alive. The judge tells her that all his life he had searched for perfect justice. After learning that he was terminally ill, he concocted this plan. He persuaded Armstrong to fake his (Quinncannon's) death, supposedly to help catch Owen, then murdered Armstrong. He tells Miss Claythorne that she can either hang herself or be sent to the gallows (as the only possible perpetrator). He drinks poisoned whiskey, and Morley suddenly appears behind him. Vera missed the shot intentionally. Seeing a shadow by the door, they think that it is Owen, but discover it is Narracott. They leave him to discover what is going on and rush to the boat.

The cast included many well-known actors.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 100% based on , with a weighted average rating of 8.1/10. Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film four out of four stars, calling it "Highly suspenseful" and praised the film's script, music score, and visuals.

On its release in 1945, Bosley Crowther said that "Rene Clair has produced an exciting film and has directed a splendid cast in it with humor and a light macabre touch." The film kept its audience involved "from fear and trembling, not from gore." Several performances were highlighted, including Walter Huston and Barry Fitzgerald.

The film won the Golden Leopard and the Best Direction Award at the 1946 Locarno International Film Festival.

Though it was distributed by a major studio, 20th Century Fox, the copyright was allowed to lapse and the film is now in the public domain. Several different editions of varying quality have been released to home video formats.

The name of the film sometimes varies with who listed it. In 1960, "Radio Times" altered the title to "Ten Little Niggers" for an airing on BBC television on 9 July. That is the original title of the novel as released in the UK. The film being shown was this 1945 American film directed by Rene Clair.

Sensitivity to the original title of the novel was remarked by Sadie Stein in 2016, commenting on a BBC mini series with the title "And Then There Were None", which she said "has been an enormous hit in the UK.". In general, "Christie’s work is not known for its racial sensitivity, and by modern standards her oeuvre is rife with casual Orientalism." The original title was based on a rhyme from minstrel shows and children's games, "a rhyme so macabre and distressing one doesn’t hear it now outside of the Agatha Christie context." Stein quotes Alison Light as to the power of the original name of the island in the novel, Nigger Island, "to conjure up a thrilling ‘otherness’, a place where revelations about the ‘dark side’ of the English would be appropriate". Speaking of the "widely known" 1945 movie, Stein added that "we’re merely faced with fantastic amounts of violence, and a rhyme so macabre and distressing one doesn’t hear it now outside of the Agatha Christie context." She felt that the original title of the novel in the UK, seen now, "that original title, it jars, viscerally."

Christie's mystery has been filmed a number of times, including as "Ten Little Indians" (1965), "Ten Little Indians" (1974), "Desyat Negrityat" (1987) and "Ten Little Indians" (1989), with variations to its characters and locale.




</doc>
<doc id="33742630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33742630" title="All Over Town">
All Over Town

All Over Town is a 1937 American comedy film directed by James W. Horne and starring Olsen and Johnson




</doc>
<doc id="33747875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33747875" title="Wedlock Deadlock">
Wedlock Deadlock

Wedlock Deadlock is an American comedy short released by Columbia Pictures on December 18, 1947 and starring Joe DeRita. The supporting cast features Dorothy Granger and Norman Ollestead. It was the third of four shorts in the Joe DeRita series produced by Columbia from 1946-1948; all entries were remakes of other Columbia shorts.

Just as Eddie (Joe DeRita) and his bride Betty (Christine McIntyre) are getting settled into their new home, her irascible family comes to visit.


"Wedlock Deadlock" is a remake of the Monte Collins short film "Unrelated Relations" (1936).



</doc>
<doc id="33747977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33747977" title="Jitter Bughouse">
Jitter Bughouse

Jitter Bughouse is an American comedy short released by Columbia Pictures on April 29, 1948, starring Joe DeRita, Christine McIntyre and Emil Sitka.

Joe and his band practice for their big break in musical commercials. Joe also has a theory that music can cure the mentally imbalanced, and when he learns that his girlfriend Myrtle (Christine McIntyre) is a nurse for the rich, eccentric Mr. Lark (Emil Sitka), the boys head off to the Lark mansion to give a concert.


"Jitter Bughouse" is a remake of The Radio Rogues short film "Do Your Stuff" (1935).

This was the fourth and final entry in the Joe DeRita series produced by Columbia from 1946-1948; all entries were remakes of other Columbia shorts. Sitka was at the time also a frequent supporting player in Columbia's Three Stooges short-film series; DeRita himself would join the Stooges in the late 1950s, becoming "Curly Joe" DeRita.



</doc>
<doc id="33773876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33773876" title="A Fever in the Blood">
A Fever in the Blood

A Fever in the Blood is a 1961 American drama film directed by Vincent Sherman. The film features a roster of Warner Bros. television contract players, often miscast according to the film's producer and screenwriter Roy Huggins in his Archive of American Television interview. The picture is based on the 1959 novel of the same name by William Pearson. Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. plays a judge and the rest of the cast includes Angie Dickinson, Jack Kelly, Don Ameche, Ray Danton, Herbert Marshall, Rhodes Reason, Robert Colbert, Carroll O'Connor (in his film debut), Parley Baer, and Saundra Edwards. The picture was directed by Vincent Sherman, with music by Ernest Gold, cinematography by J. Peverell Marley, and editing by William H. Ziegler.

A man murders a woman who has rejected him, then creates a fire to make the death look accidental. The district attorney, Dan Callahan (Jack Kelly), on a hunting trip with Judge Leland Hoffman (Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.), is summoned back to the city to handle the murder investigation. Callahan and Hoffman both have political ambitions, eyeing the upcoming election for governor.

The high-profile nature of the murder case persuades Callahan that it could vault him to the governor's office if he prosecutes it himself. He personally arrests the prime suspect, Thornwall (Don Ameche), a wealthy man with political connections, the husband of the murdered woman.

Hoffman is assigned to be the judge in the case, which could impact his own political future. A senator, Alex Simon (Herbert Marshall), informs both the judge and the D.A. that he intends to pursue the governor's office himself, claiming he wishes to come home after serving in Washington, D.C., after many years. His wife, Cathy (Angie Dickinson), was once romantically involved with Judge Hoffman, to whom Simon offers the bribe of appointment to the federal bench if he agrees to not oppose Simon for governor.

Callahan turns ruthless and vindictive in achieving his political aims, determined to win a conviction at any cost. Called by the defense, his right-hand man unethically blurts on the witness stand that the defendant had once before threatened his wife and the defense attorney moves for a mistrial. Denying the motion will aid Callahan. 

To demonstrate to Simon that he has not been swayed by the bribe offer (a mistrial would hurt Callahan and help Simon), Hoffman denies the motion. Although the evidence is inadmissible hearsay and ordered stricken from the record, the jury, armed with this knowledge, convicts the defendant of murder anyway, thus paving the way for Callahan's candidacy.

Hoffman's guilty conscience forces him to go public with the revelation that Simon offered him a bribe. The senator dies of a heart attack but makes a deathbed confession of the bribe attempt. With proof of Callahan's unethical conduct, Hoffman then tries to discredit him using unethical methods of his own, but conscience stops him from doing so. In the backwash of all the maneuvering, Hoffman's career as a judge is ruined, but Cathy is proud of him for standing by his convictions.

A gardener who committed the murder flees town in a panic, is apprehended by police and confesses to the crime. Callahan uses it to free Thornwall, again to promote himself. However the gubernatorial convention now distrusts him and Callahan fails to win a majority. Cathy urges Hoffman to have faith in the people and go to the convention, where he is swept up by the admiring crowd to the party's nomination.

Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. ... 
Judge Leland Hoffman<br>
Angie Dickinson ... 
Cathy Simon<br>
Jack Kelly ... 
Dan Callahan<br>
Don Ameche ... 
Sen. Alex Simon<br>
Ray Danton ... 
Clem Marker (lawyer)<br>
Herbert Marshall ... 
Gov. Oliver Thornwall<br>
Andra Martin ... 
Laura Mayberry<br>
Jesse White ... 
Mickey Beers<br>
Rhodes Reason ... 
Walter Thornwall<br>
Robert Colbert ... 
Thomas J. Morely<br>
Carroll O'Connor ... 
Matt Keenan<br>
Parley Baer ... 
Charles 'Charlie' Bosworth<br>
Saundra Edwards ... 
Lucy Callahan<br>



</doc>
<doc id="33793965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33793965" title="Just Mickey">
Just Mickey

Just Mickey (alternately titled Fiddling Around) is a 1930 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Columbia Pictures as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. It was the sixteenth Mickey Mouse short to be produced, the first of that year. 

The film is a one-person show with Mickey Mouse playing a violin on stage; Mickey is the only character to appear in the film, apart from the unseen audience and an equally unseen heckler. It was directed by Walt Disney and is the first Mickey cartoon not animated by Ub Iwerks. 

The cartoon was exhibited as "Fiddling Around", although some sources (including the 2004 DVD release on "") list the short under the working title, "Just Mickey".

Curtains part, and Mickey Mouse enters a stage, with his violin, to a more or less receptive audience. Mickey plays Traumerei and the Hungarian Dance no. 5, until he is overwhelmed by emotions and leaves the stage. The audience cheers, the mouse re-enters, and as an encore plays the last measure of the William Tell overture; mockingly laughed at by one particular heckler, he nonetheless plays the piece to great success despite breaking his instrument and bow in half in the process. Then Mickey is crushed by the curtains.

An issue concerning this cartoon is whether the title of the short is "Fiddling Around", "Fiddlin' Around" or "Just Mickey". Leonard Maltin writes that the cartoon was copyrighted as "Fiddlin' Around", and this was seen on the original theatrical poster, while "Just Mickey" is its common title and was shown on the recreated title card seen on the 2004 Walt Disney Treasures DVD release "Mickey Mouse In Black And White: Volume 2", as no original release print with the title had yet surfaced.

In 2009, David Gerstein uncovered an original 1930 release print which shows "Fiddling Around", implying that "Just Mickey" was a working title.

In the 2018 book "Mickey Mouse: The Ultimate History", Gerstein was more definitive: "Many latter-day reference sources have identified this film by its working title, "Just Mickey", which was used in some pre-release Powers advertising. In fact, however, the final title -- under which the film was copyrighted, distributed by Columbia, advertised, and exhibited -- is "Fiddling Around"."

In "Mickey's Movies: The Theatrical Films of Mickey Mouse", Gijs Grob observes, "Like other early Mickey cartoons, "Just Mickey" is more about making music than about plot. But the short features one of Mickey's greatest early concert performances, and it contains some good facial expression animation of Mickey... Moreover, the hand movements in this short are remarkably convincing. "Just Mickey" is an early showcase of Walt Disney's ambition to improve the art of animation. Being the first Mickey Mouse cartoon after Ub Iwerks' departure in January 1930, it shows the studio could do very well without him."

On the "Disney Film Project", Ryan Kirkpatrick agrees: "The thing that keeps your interest... are the expressions on Mickey's face. He goes from annoyance at a heckler, to passion for his playing to happiness at a job well done from moment to moment, with natural transitions, not just jumping from expression to expression... I can imagine the animators took this as a challenge to create a new range of expressions and emotions through Mickey."

"The Film Daily" (June 8, 1930): "Good Cartoon: As a violin virtuoso, Mickey Mouse has plenty of trouble with broken strings and a tough audience that includes one guy who keeps giving him the horse laugh. But Mickey's acrobatic manipulation of his instrument, with which he promotes plenty of comedy as well as music, puts him over for an encore. A very good comedy of its kind."

"Motion Picture News" (June 21, 1930): "Fair: There is very little action in this Mickey Mouse cartoon, most of it being devoted to close-ups of Mickey playing classical music on a trick violin. The clever cartoon work, however, makes up for the deficiency in ideas and Mickey's shadow, thrown upon the backdrop by the spotlight, moves in unison with him, giving an effect of depth unusual in cartoons."

"Variety" (July 9, 1930): "One of the Mickey Mouse series and okay for filler. It's a Walt Disney creation and gets most its novelty from fact that Mickey Mouse does a single for a change. He gets the break from sulting action to music or vice versa with appropriate sounds and gestures. Mickey trots into view for a violin solo and shakes, squirms, acrobats, weeps and otherwise accents his playing. Audience unseen gives him a couple of Bronx cheers to help the situation and Mickey bows out on his back, but still playing the fiddle."



</doc>
<doc id="33796742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33796742" title="Backfire (1950 film)">
Backfire (1950 film)

Backfire is a 1950 American film noir crime film directed by Vincent Sherman starring Edmond O'Brien, Virginia Mayo, Gordon MacRae, Viveca Lindfors, and Dane Clark.

The film was written by Larry Marcus, Ben Roberts, and Ivan Goff. It is notable for launching the "film noir" careers of its writers and one of its actors.

Although "Backfire" was completed in October 1948, it was not released until January 1950. However, screenwriters Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts would go on to write "White Heat" the year after working on "Backfire." Edmond O'Brien would also star in "White Heat", as well as in the seminal "film noir", "D.O.A.", in 1950.

In November of 1948, Bob Corey (Gordon MacRae) is an American soldier badly wounded at the end of World War II, and undergoing a number of surgical operations on his spine at the Birmingham General Army Hospital in Van Nuys, California. He is tended by a nurse, Julie Benson (Virginia Mayo), and they have fallen in love. Corey's military pal, Steve Connolly (Edmond O'Brien), arrives in early November to discuss plans for the ranch in Scottsdale, Arizona, they plan to purchase and operate together once Corey is out of the hospital. The two men pool their G.I. benefits (totaling $40,000) to do so. Corey's final surgery is in mid-December, but Connolly does not appear at the hospital afterward to see his friend. By Christmas, Corey is still in recovery but Connolly still remains absent. One night, as Corey lies semi-conscious in bed after being administered a sleeping drug, a woman with a Swedish accent (Viveca Lindfors) appears at his bedside. She says Connolly has been in a horrible accident; his spine is shattered and he wants to die, but she has refused to help him commit suicide. The woman asks Corey what to do, and he advises her to do nothing to harm Steve, and just to wait. Corey slips into unconsciousness, and the woman disappears.

After New Year's Day 1949, Corey is released from the hospital. He is immediately stopped by police detectives and then questioned by Captain Garcia (Ed Begley) of the Los Angeles Police, who tells him that Connolly is wanted for the murder of Solly Blayne (Richard Rober), a local high-stakes gambler and racketeer murdered at his home in Los Feliz. Corey denies that Connolly would be mixed up in anything criminal. 

Corey learns from Garcia that Connolly was staying in the Fremont Hotel in Bunker Hill, and he rents Connolly's old room where he encounters Sybil (Ida Moore), the gossipy old hotel maid, who says that Mr. Blayne often visited Connolly at the hotel. She also gives Corey a business card from a funeral home in Glendale. Corey visits the funeral home and discovers that another military friend, Ben Arno (Dane Clark), owns the mortuary. Arno describes how he went to a night of boxing matches where he saw Connolly fighting in the ring. Connolly lost his match, even though Arno does not believe he should have. Arno asks Connolly why he is boxing at his age, but Connolly refuses to explain other than to say he needs money.

Corey and Nurse Benson decide to talk to Mrs. Blayne (Frances Robinson). Mrs. Blayne recalls how she was there when an assassin outside gunned down Solly Blayne in his home one night when she was in the kitchen. Mrs. Blayne calls for a doctor, but he arrives too late.

Corey returns to the hotel and realizing Connolly made two local phone calls, he dials the numbers listed in the hotel records. The first number is for the local time service, but a young woman named Myrna answers the phone at the second number. Corey pretends to be Connolly, and Myrna unintentionally reveals Connolly had a girlfriend named Lysa Radoff. Corey asks for and is given the address of an apartment in Hollywood. 

Corey takes a cab to the address and finding no one home, lets himself in after finding a key. Radoff's other roommate, Bonnie Willis (Sheila MacRae) comes home. Corey pretends to be waiting for Radoff to arrive, and the chatty Willis provides him with the story of how Connolly and Radoff met: Connolly was working for a local gambler named Lou Walsh. Walsh's girlfriend was Lysa Radoff. One night, Connolly went to a nightclub to pick up Radoff and bring her to a party Walsh was hosting. Willis went along with them to the party. The three went to a large apartment Walsh was using as a high-stakes gambling den. Walsh entertains his guests by having beautiful women act as call girls and Radoff is one of them. Connolly, unlike the other men, never paws and manhandles the girls, and he and Radoff fall in love. Solly Blayne, who was also present, offers Connolly a job as a highly paid gofer. Corey also learns that Radoff is the same woman who visited him in the hospital. To avoid further conversation with Bonnie, Corey runs out of the house while she is in the kitchen. Moments later, Bonnie is gunned down by an unseen assailant who fires through her window.

The next night, Garcia interrogates Corey and Nurse Benson and accuses them of interfering in the investigation and causing Willis' death. Garcia is alerted by telephone that a local Chinese man, Lee Quong (Leonard Strong), has been shot and is claiming he has information on Steve Connolly. Garcia, Corey, and Benson race to the hospital to interrogate Quong. Quong relates how he was the butler and cook at a magnificent nearby home which Walsh purchased as a gift for Radoff. Walsh had installed Connolly in the house as her bodyguard unwittingly putting the two lovers together, and their relationship intensified. Quong relates that he eavesdropped on Connolly and Radoff as they made plans to run away and get married. Connolly went to the garage and backed the car up the steeply inclined driveway. Unbeknownst to Connolly, Walsh came home early and overheard Connolly professing his love to Radoff. Walsh released the parking brake on the car, and it rolled down the driveway and injured Connolly — crushing several of the vertebrae in his back. Quong then says he was shot by Lou Walsh after Walsh realized Quong had seen him commit murder, but Quong dies before he can reveal the address of Walsh's home near Bel Air.

Garcia now has evidence that Connolly was physically incapable of committing murder. Garcia tells the press that the murder weapon used to kill Solly Blayne was also used to kill Bonnie Willis. Acting on a hunch, Nurse Benson contacts Mrs. Blayne and asks her the name of the doctor she called the night her husband was murdered. Mrs. Blayne says it was Dr. Herbert Anstead. Benson goes to Dr. Anstead's office later that night in uniform, pretending to be retrieving some files for the doctor. The janitor lets her in. She is unable to locate Connolly's medical file. Anstead (Mack Williams) himself arrives a few minutes later, and Benson hides. Anstead retrieves Connolly's file from its hiding place, and attempts to burn it. Anstead is interrupted, and Benson tells him Connolly was not in an accident but was a victim of attempted murder. Anstead forces Benson into a locked room and using information obtained from Benson, he calls Bob Corey to tell him where Connolly can be located, and Benson overhears the address. Just then, Walsh enters the office and guns down Anstead as he pleads for mercy. Walsh flees, and Nurse Benson is released minutes later by the janitor.

Corey rushes to the address Dr. Anstead gave him. Corey is intercepted inside the house by Ben Arno, who reveals that he is, in fact, the gambler Lou Walsh. Arno tells Corey that Connolly (a known small-time gambler) had lost money to Solly Blayne. To get the money back, Connolly agreed to box and throw the fight to get out of debt. Arno told Connolly that he led a double-life as the high-stakes gambler "Lou Walsh," and proposed using Connolly's $40,000 to cheat Blayne out of tens of thousands of dollars at gambling to which Connolly agreed. Arno tells Connolly that Radoff realized that the brakes on her car work just fine, and that Connolly's injuries were no accident. She attempted to leave, but Walsh strangled her. Arno tells Corey he did not want to martyr Connolly for fear of losing Radoff's love, so he staged the accident. But once Radoff knew the truth, he was forced to kill her. Arno admits he began killing anyone who could connect Lysa to him or who knew about Connolly's accident. Corey, still weak from his back surgery, is knocked to the ground and Arno prepares to shoot him. As Arno is about to kill Corey, an injured Connolly, his body encased in braces and plaster, launches himself down the stairs and stops Arno. The police, summoned by Nurse Benson, arrive. Arno attempts to flee while shooting at police, but is killed.

Many months later, Connolly leaves the military hospital, his injuries repaired by military surgeons. Bob Corey and his new wife, Julie, arrive and take Steve to their ranch in Arizona.


Around 1946 or 1947, Warner Bros. had purchased the rights to a Larry Marcus story titled "Into the Night." The studio tried to interest director Vincent Sherman in directing the picture, but he felt the story was "confused and pointless" and refused. Sherman said that one of the story's problems was that it contained "flashback within flashback". However, the finished film, while not ever presenting a "flashback within flashback," does make extensive use of the standard flashback technique, using it no less than seven times throughout the story, with exposition coming once each from Captain Garcia, Sybil, Mrs. Blayne, Bonnie Willis, and Lee Quong, and twice from Ben Arno. 

By the spring of 1948, however, Sherman finished directing "Adventures of Don Juan" with Errol Flynn and Viveca Lindfors, and wanted to work on a simple picture. He knew that Warner Bros. had the rights to John Patrick's play, "The Hasty Heart." Sherman asked studio head Jack L. Warner if he could turn the play into a film, but Warner refused and put him to work on adapting "Into the Night" into a motion picture.

Sherman met with producer Anthony Veiller, who admitted the story needed a lot of work. Veiller hired two aspiring writers, Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts. The two unpublished authors had written a popular play, "Portrait in Black" (later made into a motion picture of the same name in 1960), as well as an unpublished screenplay, "The Shadow", based on a Ben Hecht story. Although Goff and Roberts considered themselves comedy writers, Warners hired them to work on the crime story "Into the Night." Sherman met with Goff and Roberts over the weekend, and they talked through the story's problems. Sherman concluded that the film was still unworkable, but Goff and Roberts said they needed the work and continued to craft a screenplay. Sherman voiced his reservations to Jack Warner, but Warner told him if he agreed to do the film then Warner would do him a favor in return. Sherman agreed. 

Sherman later said that he believed Goff and Roberts had turned in a good script, and that the actors had done the best job they could. 

The shooting title of the film was changed from "Into the Night" to "Somewhere in the City".

Jack Warner intended for the film to be a B movie which would put his contract actors to work. Warner had six actors who, he felt, were "sitting around doing nothing but picking up their checks": Edmond O'Brien, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Dane Clark, Viveca Lindfors, and Richard Rober. Warners had signed Broadway star Gordon MacRae to a short-term contract in November 1947. The studio announced his first film was to be a musical film, "Rise Above It" (a remake of the 1938 film "Brother Rat" which would be scripted by I. A. L. Diamond). But this film was never made. "Into the Night" would be his first film for the studio. Edmond O'Brien signed a contract with Warners in May 1948. "Into the Night" would also be his first film for the studio. Lindfors refused at first to participate in the film, upset with what she felt was its excessive violence. Placed on suspension by the studio, she relented to continue to receive her pay ("I sold out," she later said). Screenwriter Vincent Sherman said he found Mayo to be a very nice person and an extremely competent actress, but without a lot of personal depth.

Principal filming occurred from late July to mid October 1948. Interior and exterior hospital scenes were shot at Birmingham Veterans' Hospital (also known as Birmingham General Army Hospital) in Van Nuys, California. Birmingham's Chief of Nursing Services Monica Cahill and Assistant Chief of Surgery Dr. Franklin Wilkins both served as technical consultants on the film. Additional scenes were filmed in and around the city of Los Angeles, California, including the Los Angeles City Hall, the Fremont Hotel and the Bunker Hill district, Olvera Street, Hollywood and the Los Feliz neighborhood, and Stone Canyon in the Bel Air neighborhood, with 1101 Stone Canyon Road doubling as the film's "1121 Canyon Road." Additional scenes were shot in the nearby city of Glendale, California. The film also specifically mentions several of these Greater Los Angeles locations by name in both the dialogue and the visual narrative.

The film's soundtrack was composed by Daniele Amfitheatrof. The song Viveca Lindfors sings in the nightclub is "Parlez-moi d'Amour," written by Jean Lenoir. 

Although the film was completed in October 1948, it was not released until 1950. The film opened at The Globe cinema in New York City, New York, on January 26, 1950. "White Heat", starring James Cagney, Edmund O'Brian, and Virginia Mayo, had been released to widespread acclaim and strong box office while "Backfire" remained unreleased. To take advantage of "White Heat's" popularity, movie posters for "Backfire" prominently featured Mayo in a "femme fatale" pose (very unlike her character in the film) and contained the tag-line: "That 'White Heat' girl turns it on again!" The poster also gave away the surprise conclusion to the film by depicting Dane Clark strangling Viveca Lindfors. 

The picture did not receive good reviews. Bosley Crowther, writing for the "New York Times", found the film feeble and listless, and the plot rambling. He had little praise for the cast, concluding ""...the most that can possibly be said for them is that they get the thing done."" Leslie Halliwell, writing in 1977, noted that the flashback structure, intended to solve some of the expository problems in the film, did not work. Author Clive Hirschhorn noted in 1980 that there were so many coincidences in the film that any feeling of suspense was eliminated and the realism so essential to "film noir" dissipated. Critic John Howard Reid assessed the film as "borderline" in 2006, but felt cinematography was effectively atmospheric and the action sequences fair. He found that the supporting players (O'Brien, Begley, Lindfors, Clark, and Sheila MacRae) delivered performances remarkably superior to that of the two stars, and singled out Lindfors for her acting.

Some reviewers singled out the script as the underlying cause of the acting problems. Reid thought Mayo's part too slim, and that it had been improperly built up by the script and editing to accommodate a star of her stature. David Shipman felt Gordon MacRae was "wasted" in the picture.

Swedish actress Viveca Lindfors was under contract to Warner Bros. for four pictures. Unhappy with her work, however, the studio declined to pick up her option after her performance in "Backfire." Warners was much more pleased with the efforts of Goff and Roberts, and gave them a five-year contract to write screenplays. They produced "White Heat" the following year. In return for directing "Backfire", Jack Warner permitted Vincent Sherman to direct "The Hasty Heart", which became a major hit for the studio.

The film was regularly screened on broadcast television in the United States in the 1950s and 1960s, although most airings trimmed Mayo's part substantially. Warner Bros. released the film on DVD on July 13, 2010, in its "Film Noir Classic Collection, Vol. 5".




</doc>
<doc id="33803072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33803072" title="Mickey in Arabia">
Mickey in Arabia

Mickey in Arabia is a 1932 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Columbia Pictures. This was also the final cartoon in the Mickey Mouse series to be released by Columbia Pictures. Walt Disney plays Mickey Mouse and Marcellite Garner plays Minnie. The date of its release is thought to be 18 July 1932, but at least one source gives July 11 as the date.

Mickey and Minnie are riding camel-back through the Arabian Desert and happen upon a lively town. Dismounting within, the mice take some amusing photographs whilst their naughty camel slurps up the contents of a beer barrel. As Minnie Mouse backs away with her camera from Mickey, who is posing for the shot, a sultan abducts her from behind a fence. Mickey takes to the chase, but his intoxicated camel is of little use; finding out the sultan's palace, the mouse scales the wall and, through a window, enters a room in the building, where he finds a screaming Minnie struggling against the amorous villain. Breaking the sultan's grasp, Mickey becomes the target of the sultan's bullets; hiding Minnie in a flower pot, and prevailing, through chance, over the sultan's well-armed men, Mickey is pursued (while delicately balancing the flower pot in his hands!) by the sultan himself, out the window, up the spiral stairway leading to the palace roof, thence to the next building over, where he drops the pot, only rescuing Minnie from the fall at the building's edge, from which he slips on account of a loose brick. Minnie and Mickey fall into an awning: the angry sultan, still in pursuit, leaps from the same edge, compelling Mickey to retract the awning, making the sultan's fall considerably less pleasant; the spears of the sultan's warriors, similarly avoided, make their way to the helplessly entombed sultan, who then rushes off, in pain, into the distance. Mickey calls his camel, and, with Minnie, rides off happily.




</doc>
<doc id="33807775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33807775" title="Buddy's Day Out">
Buddy's Day Out

Buddy's Day Out is an American animated short film released by Warner Bros. on September 9, 1933. It is the first "Looney Tunes" cartoon to feature Buddy, the second star of the series who was created by Earl Duvall. It was directed by former Disney animator Tom Palmer, who was shortly thereafter fired from the studio. It was the first cartoon produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions, the successor to Harman-Ising Productions. Musical direction was by Norman Spencer and Bernard B. Brown.

Unlike most Looney Tunes shorts, viewers are first silently introduced to the hero of the film just like in movie trailers back in the day, Buddy; his sweetheart, Cookie; Cookie's baby brother, Elmer; and Buddy's dog, Happy. The cartoon then completely starts with a fade-iris to Cookie giving Elmer a bath and becoming quite wet in the process. Elmer managed to grab a sponge filled with soap as he tries to get it while cookie washes the baby. Elmer then freely grabs the sponge spraying it from his left eye, and plays freely with the sponge until the sponge throws out of his hand and into Cookie's face, who is literally cleaning the kitchen. Cookie then tries to spot Elmer by cleaning his head towards his butt. Cookie and gets Elmer clean quickly with enjoyment. Meanwhile, Buddy merrily washes his car (the word "Asthma" strewn across it) with a hose, and steps away for a moment because the hose didn’t reach the car frequently, leaving Happy the Dog alone to sniff and bark at the device. Buddy twisted the handle to prevail more water. Happy then jumps and clamps the hose with his teeth as the hose loses steady control, the car is suddenly blasted clean, but loses its roof, the Asthma text (by one frame), the hood ornament, and all bumpers; Happy shakes all of the water off of his fur as the car does the same thing. Buddy takes notice and shuts the hose.

Cookie soon readies herself for a date with Buddy, whom she calls when she has adequately prepared. Buddy happily tries to start his vehicle with the handler so that he might pick up Cookie, but the car begins moving in reverse. The car proceeds to smash through doghouses, along with a couple animals such as a dog, a cat, a duck, and a parrot; birdhouses with a bird inside, A running lawnmower, clothes lines, and a greenhouse filled with plants and flowers forcing it to break glass on most of the left side of the greenhouse. And just because of the latter, the car crashes at Cookie's house with a decorative arrangement of flowers, pleasing Cookie.

Buddy suddenly arrives and holds the car door for Cookie. The date begins; with Baby Elmer in the back seat, Buddy and Cookie set off on a picnic. As they started to drive, The car start shaking with nothing attached to the car with the drumroll from the 20th Century Fox theme. Happy the Dog tails behind, finally brought to the back seat by Elmer. Elmer then tries to get attention to Buddy as Elmer naughtily sprays his bottle filled with milk all over his face. Elmer then does the same thing but except Elmer hits Buddy with Elmer's bottle. The car then goes up a steep hill as the car loses control for a bit on the country road and a dangerous path road with a mechanical siren in the distance, but is felicitously stopped, by a log, at an ideal picnic site.

Buddy sets up the luncheon whilst Cookie takes up her guitar; Baby Elmer finds his way into the picnic basket, finding a sausage inside the basket. Before that outdoor animals such as frogs, worms, and bees made a big role of trying to kiss his animals girlfriend. Happy the Dog whimpers for some food, so Elmer immediately shoved a piece of sausage inside Happy's mouth. Happy the Dog whimpers again but instead, Elmer pounds a cake on to Happy's head, leaving the poor creature to run frantically around until the cake finds itself all over the baby. Cookie shames her baby brother, and Elmer, with Happy, stalks away to the car. Elmer manages to start the car engine, much to the fright of Buddy and Cookie by hitting a pedal that reads “starter”. He hits it, but then he reads the pedal. He hits it again in the car, who is next to a log, starts it as the car jumps through the log and begins its journey in high speed. The young couple then felt shocked that the car has been stolen, as Buddy spotted Elmer and Happy driving near the trees, and they must then chase the ungoverned vehicle in Elmer's baby carriage, who is originally parked next to a tree. Buddy scooped up Cookie inside the carriage as the chase begins. He then jumps inside after giving the carriage a big push.

Elmer and Happy first sped up through the dangerous pass from earlier of the short, but the camera focuses on a mirrored angle. Elmer honks Buddy's horn in excitement as the car travels down the hill with a haystack filled with chickens. The car then runs over the haystack forcing the chickens to free themselves. Some hay then sticks to his upper part of Elmer's mouth like a mustache. The car then runs over a “Pengreed Hot Dogs” sign near Joe’s Chili Parlor. The carriage that came with Buddy and Cookie spotted the sign falling from the sky as it landed towards almost a whole carriage except for the front row and the handle row in the back. Elmer honks Buddy's horn once again as he runs over by another set of clothes lines, landing it in the carriage. Buddy and Cookie’s carriage then starts to fly like an airplane. Later, and old, overweight lady (holding a very small umbrella) walks through the bridge with her purse. He saw what is coming by is Buddy’s car with Elmer (who honks once again) and Happy. She screams as she dropped her purse and umbrella as she covered her eyes. but the car went over her, up on the bridge’s ramps. She thought that she is going to be killed. 

Elmer and Happy then later traveled and turned right onto railroad tracks straddled by Buddy's car. All four tires snapped off of the car as Elmer and Happy both started to enjoy the ride in a bumpy tracks. Suddenly, a nearby freight steam locomotive from the other side came southbound towards where Elmer and Happy came from, who is heading northbound. The train, who is carrying six boxcars and a caboose, begins speeding up in high speed. Cookie then started to spot the train and the car. Buddy and Cookie then landed the carriage onto the roof of a barn. At the time, the train’s whistle (with a sounding of a star-brass 5 chime) starts to blow as Buddy and Cookie moves atop a nearby ladder, which drops from its height to form a tangent from the track just as a train speeds off, being close enough for a sure collision with the car carrying Baby Elmer and Happy; the ladder miraculously becomes a spare piece of track on to which the locomotive turns, crashing and destroying the barn. Then the train continues its normal journey except the barn was crushed on the locomotive. Elmer and Happy are both saved from the locomotive. Buddy lastly then tickles Elmer, who then naughtily sprays his brave rescuer with milk for the second time as the cartoon ends.

The film was directed by Tom Palmer and was one of only two films completed by him for the Schlesinger studio. According to animation historian Michael Barrier, Palmer's approach in directing "Buddy's Day Out" was rather loose. In the story conferences which determined the contents of the film, Palmer would suggest adding "a funny piece of business", a visual gag. He failed to specify the use of anything particularly funny. According to later interviews with Bernard B. Brown and Bob Clampett, Palmer's original version of the film was virtually devoid of gags. The Warner Bros. studio rejected this version and the film had to be reworked extensively. Barrier considers the finished film, with gags added, to also have been "desperately unfunny". The gags were neither as well conceived, nor as well executed as those found in the animated short films of the competing Walt Disney Productions.

This cartoon was the only appearance of Cookie's baby brother, as well as the only time Buddy owned a dog called Happy. In subsequent cartoons, Buddy (or Cookie) owned a dog called Bozo, and in others Buddy's friend is a larger dog called Towser (cf. "Buddy and Towser"). This was also the only cartoon in which Buddy is so designed.

"Buddy's Day Out" is available on the "". It is one of only three Buddy cartoons so honored, the others being "Buddy's Beer Garden" and "Buddy's Circus".

A collection of cels from this short was the focus of one episode of the "History Detectives" series on PBS in 2010.



</doc>
<doc id="33808354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33808354" title="Alpine Antics (1936 film)">
Alpine Antics (1936 film)

Alpine Antics is a 1936 black-and-white "Looney Tunes" animated cartoon short starring Beans the Cat and Porky Pig.

Beans and Little Kitty are riding on a sled through the snow. On the way, they see a poster which promotes a money-rich skiing contest. Beans wants to give it a shot as he puts on his gear. Just then, a large oppressive cougar overhears Beans, approaches him, takes his skis off and breaks them before walking away. Beans still wants to participate and removes the rails from his sled using them as substitute skis.

Moments later, the contest begins and all the competitors met at the starting line. Everyone sets off but the cougar has made Beans have a slow start. Nevertheless, Beans still makes his move and catches up, avoiding the cougar's further trickery as he puts all other contestants out of the race. Finally it's just the cougar and Beans. As they approach the finishing line, the cougar is hurled onto thin ice and falls into the water below. Beans makes it safely across the finish line and wins the contest.




</doc>
<doc id="33808943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33808943" title="Mickey's Orphans">
Mickey's Orphans

Mickey's Orphans is a 1931 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Columbia Pictures. The cartoon takes place during Christmas time and stars Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, and Pluto, who take in a group of disruptive kittens. It is directed by Burt Gillett and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey and Marcellite Garner as Minnie.

The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 5th Academy Awards in 1932, the award's inaugural year. It lost to another Disney film, "Flowers and Trees", Disney's first color film.

"Mickey's Orphans" is a remake of the 1927 Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoon "Empty Socks", the two shorts being the oldest Disney cartoons with a Christmas theme. The latter was considered lost, but an almost complete copy, missing about one minute, was found in National Library of Norway in December 2014.

A hooded figure walks past a church on a snowy night carrying a covered basket. The Christmas carol "Silent Night" is heard coming from the church, setting the time of year. The figure then approaches Mickey Mouse's house and peeks in the window: Minnie is playing "Silent Night" on an organ, Mickey is decorating a Christmas tree, and Pluto is peacefully sleeping by the fire. The figure then leaves the basket on Mickey's doorstep, rings the bell, and walks away.

Pluto carries the basket inside and discovers it is loaded with kittens, evidently orphaned. Mickey and Minnie are at first charmed by the kittens, but the kittens soon prove to be a nuisance. Nevertheless, Mickey and Minnie are determined to make the kittens welcome. Mickey leaves the room momentarily and soon returns dressed as Santa Claus with a bag full of toys. The kittens remove the contents, the majority of which are various implements of destruction such as saws, hammers, and toy weapons. The kittens go to work and destroy the piano and other furniture. Finally Mickey and Minnie reveal their Christmas tree, but the kittens remove all the decorations and foliage.


"Motion Picture Herald" (Dec 19, 1931): "Minnie and Mickey find a basket on the doorstep on Christmas Eve. Out jump innumerable miniature Mickies, who proceed to take the furniture apart with neatness and dispatch, to the tune of usual animated furniture music. When Mickey and Minnie expose the Christmas tree, the animated infants strip it with no loss of time. The youngsters will get a real kick out of this short, and the oldsters will extract a bit of enjoyment."

"The Film Daily" (Dec 20, 1931): "Swell Holiday Cartoon: A Walt Disney Mickey Mouse production designed as a Christmas short and one that fills the bill. It will delight all children and get many a laugh from their elders... A Mickey Mouse short that is filled with many hilarious moments for children, and fun for adults who have ever staged a Christmas party for the youngsters."





</doc>
<doc id="33812668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33812668" title="Billy the Kid in Santa Fe">
Billy the Kid in Santa Fe

Billy the Kid in Santa Fe is a 1941 American film directed by Sam Newfield. This film is the sixth in the "Billy the Kid" film series, produced by PRC from 1940 to 1946, and the last to star Bob Steele. In the next film, "Billy the Kid Wanted", Steele was replaced by Buster Crabbe.

Billy the Kid escapes from jail after being framed for murder. His friends Jeff and Fuzzy help him, knowing that he didn't commit the murder. The trio travels to Sant Fe, where they run into Joe Benson, who had been paid by gang leader Barton to lie at Billy's trial.


The "Billy the Kid" films starring Bob Steele:



</doc>
<doc id="33812819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33812819" title="Bullet Scars">
Bullet Scars

Bullet Scars is a 1942 American film produced and distributed by Warner Bros. It was directed by D. Ross Lederman with top-billed stars Regis Toomey, Adele Longmire and Howard DaSilva.




</doc>
<doc id="33819031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33819031" title="Buddy's Beer Garden">
Buddy's Beer Garden

Buddy's Beer Garden is an American animated short film, released November 18, 1933 (though at least one source gives November 11 as the date.) It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was supervised by Earl Duvall, here credited as "Duval," was one of only five Warner Bros. cartoons directed by him, and one of only three Buddy shorts. Musical direction was by Norman Spencer.

We enter Buddy's beer garden, where are gathered many merry patrons, singing "Oh du lieber Augustin", mugs in hand. The happy opening scene fades to one of an equally merry Buddy, who balances a tray and sings of the good cheer his beer brings (to the tune of "Auf Wiederseh'n (We'll Meet Again)"), as he fixes a tablecloth and sets down two glasses of his ware, while a black dog, pretzels on its tail, behind him barks in tune. A German oom-pah band creates an ambience (and, as the band reappears four times throughout the cartoon, each time they are seen, as a gag, a small member of the group will come out of the largest member's brass instrument, playing, in succession, a trumpet, maracas, a piano, and a bass drum.) Beer flows on tap, and Buddy ensures that each mug has plenty of foam. Cookie neatly prepares several pretzels, which then are salted by the same little dachshund, and carried thence away. The tongue sandwiches offered as part of the bar's free lunch sing & lap up mustard; an impatient patron (presumably the same brute who serves as the villain in later shorts, such as Buddy's Show Boat and Buddy's Garage) demands his beer, which he instantly gulps down upon its arrival.

All present take part in "It's Time to Sing 'Sweet Adeline' Again": some sing, one patron plays his spaghetti as though the noodles were strings on a harp, Buddy makes an instrument out of his steins, &c. Cookie comes around, offering cigars and cigarettes to the patrons, one of whom, the same impatient brute as before, accepts, but not before freshly stroking the girl's chin. Cookie performs an exotic dance for the entire beer garden, and is joined by the selfsame patron, & a formerly stationery piano. The film goes on: Buddy whistles "Hi Lee Hi Lo", tossing beer from one mug to another, preparing sandwiches, clearing tables.

As a final treat for his customers, Our Hero introduces a lady singer (who bears a striking resemblance to Mae West), who reveals herself only after Buddy's departure and a brief musical interlude. The grand dame attracts the attention of the very same recurring patron, who drunkenly stumbles over to her with the intention of receiving a kiss: as the song ("I Love my Big Time, Slow Time Baseball Man") ends, he makes his request, but a horned goat, part of a poster advertising "Bock Beer", but nonetheless quite alive, with its horns stabs the patron's backside, sending him flying. The patron, on his airborne journey, causes the lady singer to catch her dress on an overhanging tree; the dress tears, & the throaty performer, now grounded, is revealed to be a cross-dressed Buddy. Pleasantly embarrassed, Buddy stalks away, waving blithely to all present; in the final shot, we see that the bird cage strapped to Buddy's posterior (there to replicate the voluptuousness of his singing persona), in fact houses an exotic bird, which shows itself to have a voice & nose like those of Jimmy Durante, as well as a saying: "Am I mortified!"

The cartoon is available on the "". Along with "Buddy's Day Out" and "Buddy's Circus", it is one of only three Buddy shorts thus honored.


</doc>
<doc id="33824975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33824975" title="The Man from Mexico">
The Man from Mexico

The Man from Mexico is a 1914 silent film produced by the Famous Players Film Company and Daniel Frohman. It starred John Barrymore in his second feature film and was remade in 1926 as "Let's Get Married" starring Richard Dix. The film was rereleased by Paramount in 1919 as part of the company's "Success Series" reissue of early successes. "The Man from Mexico" is now a lost film.

The film is based on a Broadway play by Henry A. DuSouchet and was first performed in 1897 with William Collier, Sr.. Collier toured the play and it became a staple of his repertoire.





</doc>
<doc id="33828385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33828385" title="The Dictator (1915 film)">
The Dictator (1915 film)

The Dictator is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed by Oscar Eagle and reputedly Edwin S. Porter. It was based on a play "The Dictator" by Richard Harding Davis and produced by Adolph Zukor (Famous Players Film Company) and the Charles Frohman Company. John Barrymore stars in a role played on the stage by William Collier, Sr. whose company Barrymore had performed in this play. The film was rereleased on April 13, 1919 as part of the Paramount "Success Series" of their early screen successes. The story was refilmed in 1922 as "The Dictator" starring Wallace Reid. Today both films are lost.

According to allmovie and silentera the film was shot partly in Cuba.





</doc>
<doc id="33828894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33828894" title="The Lost Bridegroom">
The Lost Bridegroom

The Lost Bridegroom a 1916 American silent comedy film produced by Adolph Zukor starring John Barrymore. Appearing alongside Barrymore in this film is his first wife Katherine Corri Harris. It was based on the short story titled "The Man Who Was Lost" by Willard Mack with James Kirkwood as its director. The film had the alternative title His Lost Self and was rereleased by Paramount on April 17, 1919 as part of their "Success Series", a celebration of some of the company's early screen triumphs. Though it obviously still existed by 1919, it is a lost silent film today.
Director James Kirkwood later stated that Barrymore was binge drinking during the making of this film, and spent a large amount of time downing drinks in a saloon. These delays caused the production to drag (thus costs go up), so Kirkwood went down to the saloon and 'motioned' to Barrymore to either return to work or that he would sling the actor over his shoulders and carry him back to the set to finish filming.






</doc>
<doc id="33828934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33828934" title="Buddy's Show Boat">
Buddy's Show Boat

Buddy's Show Boat is an American animated short film produced by Warner Bros. and released by RKO on December 9, 1933. It is a "Looney Tunes" featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was directed (or "supervised") by Earl Duvall, here credited as "Duval," and was one of only five Warner Bros. cartoons (three of which feature Buddy) that he directed. Musical direction was by Bernard Brown, and the short features several popular songs of the day.

Buddy's show boat merrily rolls along a river as "Bam Bam Bammy Shore" plays and Captain Buddy whistles in tune; to his brief dismay, one of the ship's whistles blows out of tune, which Our Hero corrects by holding an handkerchief up to the steamwhistle, such that it appears to "blow its nose." A new musical number, "Swanee Smiles," begins, and we see a series of scenes of those aboard the vessel: four blackface minstrels shovel coal into the engine, and, as a gag, descend markedly in height, from the tallest, standing near the engine, to the smallest, to whom the shovel is passed, near the coal pile; two sleepy gentlemen hold on to fishing rods holding aloft sausages, which are slowly pursued by two dogs, which, in the process of locomotion, move the ship's rudder; Cookie peels potatoes; and the same brute from Buddy's Beer Garden spits into the water, only to be spat back at by an annoyed fish. A ferry boat passes, and Buddy's vessel drops anchor at a dock near which a parade heralds the boat's coming. Buddy collects tickets as a band of minstrels sings "Sweet Georgia Brown."

On board the ship, "Mlle. Cookie, Show Boat Star" readies herself for a performance & blows a kiss to a picture of Captain Buddy; in the next room, the bruiser-villain perfumes himself and similarly blows a kiss, but to a picture of Cookie. Buddy picks up the receiver of a ship telephone and rings Cookie's room; she picks up, and they exchange kisses. Having spied the event, the bruiser picks up the phone, blows Cookie a kiss, but receives, instead, a punch in the face. Buddy and Cookie perform a rendition of "Under my Umbrella," after which Buddy introduces, to his pleased crowd, an Aboriginal performer called "Chief Saucer-lip", who, upon the captain's departure, immediately becomes a caricature of Maurice Chevalier, who recites "So I Married the Girl," with a kangaroo at the piano.

Cookie watches from behind the curtain, and the villain easily abducts her with a stage hook; dragging Cookie to the main deck, the bruiser is caught by Buddy and his injunction: "Unhand that woman!" The villain obliges, and punches Buddy that he flies backward into a device that spins him around and sends him flying into the bruiser, who then doubles back into an electrical device with catches his rear end and painfully shocks him. Back in pursuit, the villain is halted by Buddy, who cleverly knocks his adversary backwards, with a wooden life boat, into the cage of "Wally the Trained Walrus," who, now free, bites the rapscallion's behind & chases him into a lower deck. Buddy pulls the villain back up with the ship's wench, & positions him such that the ship's rudder continually bumps his posterior. Buddy and Cookie celebrate together, but part to allow some proper revelry to the true champion, Wally.



</doc>
<doc id="33829161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33829161" title="An American Citizen">
An American Citizen

An American Citizen was a 1914 American silent romantic comedy film directed by J. Searle Dawley. The film is noteworthy as the feature film debut of John Barrymore. Distributed by Famous Players Film Company, the film is based on the 1897 Broadway play of the same name by Madeleine Lucette Ryley. The film is now presumed lost.




</doc>
<doc id="33838268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33838268" title="He Comes Up Smiling">
He Comes Up Smiling

He Comes Up Smiling is a 1918 American comedy film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and directed by Allan Dwan.

This film was based on a novel of the same title by Charles Sherman, which was adapted into a 1914 play of the same name by Byron Ongley and Emil Nyitray. Fairbanks starred in the play with Patricia Collinge as the female lead. This film "survives incomplete".

As described in a film magazine, the principal duty of bank clerk Jerry Martin is to care for the bank president's pet canary. The bird escapes and Jerry starts in pursuit. In a chase that takes him far afield, Jerry meets a hobo and decides to give up his bank job. Baron Bean (Montana), another hobo, becomes his valet, but they desert Jerry when he is taking a bath and steal his clothes. He finds a suit belonging to William Batchelor (MacQuarrie), a broker who is cooling off at a pool, and with the broker's business cards he passes himself off as Batchelor. He meets John Bartlett (Campeau) and his daughter Billie (Daw) and promptly falls in love. Her father is also a stock broker who has been nicked by Batchelor. An attempt is made to corner the market while Jerry is being entertained, but he foils the plotters, falls heir to a fortune, and wins the love of Billie.




</doc>
<doc id="33839090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33839090" title="Running Wild (1927 film)">
Running Wild (1927 film)

Running Wild is a 1927 American silent comedy film featuring W. C. Fields in a film built around his unique talents.

The film was directed by Gregory La Cava and is preserved at the Library of Congress. It also received, along with several other Paramount titles, wide distribution on VHS tape in 1987 in celebration of Paramount's 75th anniversary 1912-1987. Restored blu-ray released by Kino in 2018. The movie was filmed at Paramount's Astoria Studios in Queens, New York.




</doc>
<doc id="33839298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33839298" title="It's the Old Army Game">
It's the Old Army Game

It's the Old Army Game is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring W. C. Fields and Louise Brooks. The "army game" is the shell game, a con-trick which WC Fields observes being played. "It's the old army game" he says, sagely. The film was directed by A. Edward Sutherland, billed as Eddie Sutherland, and co-stars Sutherland's aunt, the stage actress Blanche Ring in one of her few silent film appearances. The film is based on the revue "The Comic Supplement" by Joseph P. McEvoy and Fields, and included several skits from Fields' stage plays.

"It's the Old Army Game" was the fourth film that Louise Brooks appeared in. Sutherland and Brooks married in June 1926, and divorced in June 1928.


The film was shot mainly at Paramount's Astoria Studios facility in Astoria, Queens and in Manhattan, and is preserved complete in the Library of Congress. A few outdoor scenes were filmed in Ocala, Florida and Palm Beach, Florida.



</doc>
<doc id="33839507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33839507" title="Her Triumph">
Her Triumph

Her Triumph is a 1915 American silent drama film starring French dancer and actress Gaby Deslys, distributed by Paramount Pictures. The film was financed by the American film company Famous Players and shot in Paris. "Her Triumph" is now considered lost.

"Her Triumph" was Deslys' only American feature film, and was a dramatic retelling of her career. Her dancing partner Harry Pilcer co-stars in the film. Daniel Frohman produced and was Gaby Deslys' American stage manager.



</doc>
<doc id="33839935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33839935" title="Buddy's Trolley Troubles">
Buddy's Trolley Troubles

Buddy's Trolley Troubles is an American animated short film. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was released on May 5, 1934 and is the third cartoon supervised by Friz Freleng. Musical direction was by Norman Spencer.

Buddy is a motorman on the urban line: he leaves his home, whistling the tune of the song that he shall sing as he sets out on his run. Creatively employing a piece of his picket fence as a track, he drives his trolley car out of his shed. He stops for a large lady, whom he assists in boarding the car, and starts again before a male passenger can board. The gentleman chases the car, eventually catching up and winning a great deal of money upon dropping five cents.

Once Buddy's car has emptied, he picks up Cookie, which he accomplishes by extending the height of his streetcar by an accordion apparatus underneath the vehicle. Of course, the detour obstructs traffic and attracts the unwelcome attention of an unfriendly traffic officer, who does not allow Buddy to speak. Upon Cookie's defense of Buddy, the officer punches Our Hero in the nose, commanding him to move on. Obeying, Buddy extends an arm-shaped stop signal from his car and drives, the signal knocking the officer on to his face.

Buddy and Cookie continue to ride, and perilously outrun and then avoid a large locomotive. Elsewhere, a prisoner in a striped uniform, ball-and-chain at his ankle, stands in a ditch and hammers at his bounds with a large rock, to no effect. Hearing Buddy's trolley car approaching on the track that runs over the ditch, the prisoner throws his chain over the track & latches on to a branch (failing on first attempt.) The car compromises the chain, and the felon is free. Buddy's car stops, and he steps out of the driver's seat to inspect the vehicle. The prisoner, meanwhile, seeing Cookie through the motorcar window, commandeers the driver's seat whilst Buddy is distracted; Cookie screams, Buddy expresses his indignation, but the villain knocks Our Hero backwards, leaving his sweetheart to yell for help.

Buddy quickly regains his senses, and takes under his control a handcar, eventually grabbing on to the wire of the trolley car, kicking the thief in the face, twice, and then taking Cookie and swinging over to his emergency vehicle. The jailbreak soon sees that he is to collide with a stalled truck full of dynamite, and though the owner of the truck attempts to start his motor, it is no use and both streetcar and transport truck explode. The owner of the truck is left quite scarred and dazed, and the prisoner is dizzily seated on the ground of a pig pen. Buddy and Cookie step over to the helpless villain, and Buddy seals him in by extending the fence of the pen. Several piglets emerge humorously to annoy the trumped bruiser.

"Buddy's Trolley Troubles" is similar, in some respects, to other shorts: Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, in 1927, starred in a cartoon called "Trolley Troubles", in which he runs a streetcar; and an earlier Warner Bros. character called Foxy ran a trolley car during a long dream sequence in the Harman-Ising "Merrie Melody" "Smile, Darn Ya, Smile!", in which he, amongst other things, rings his bell by means of a cat, operates car no. 13, picks up his sweetheart and helps a large lady passenger board. 

Both “Smile Darn Ya, Smile” and “Trolley Troubles” had the same plot of the short such as the runaway trolley, which was identified from the Mickey Mouse short “Mickey’s Choo-Choo” (Boxcar) and Bosko’s “Sinkin’ In The Bathtub” (Car). “Buddy’s Trolley Troubles” does not have the type of plot, so does Toonerville Trolley and Trolley Ahoy from the Rainbow Parade series.

As Buddy's car approaches Cookie's building, we see a billboard advertising "Katz Beer," a reference to Ray Katz, Leon Schlesinger's business assistant.



</doc>
<doc id="33845629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33845629" title="Tokyo File 212">
Tokyo File 212

Tokyo File 212 (Japanese: ) is a 1951 spy film directed by and . George Breakston wrote the film's script and co-produced it with Dorrell McGowan jointly under the banner of their newly formed Breakston–McGowan Productions and Japanese . Californian lawyer Melvin Belli executive-produced the feature while composer Albert Glasser provided the film's score.

The film, a Japanese-American co-production, starred Florence Marly and Robert Peyton in the lead roles while Tetsu Nakamura played the antagonist. Katsuhiko Haida, Reiko Otani, Tatsuo Saitō and Heihachirô Ôkawa featured as supporting characters. Real life geisha Ichimaru appeared in a song sequence. The plot revolved around an American Intelligence agent (Peyton) sent to Japan to track down a suspected communist who was previously his college-mate (Haida).

Principal photography commenced on July 21, 1950 in Japan and was completed in 36 days; making it Hollywood's first feature film to be shot entirely in Japan. RKO Pictures distributed the film in the US. Upon release the film received mixed reviews from critics who found the story unconvincing, though they appreciated the scenic settings. It turned out to be a commercial failure too.

The film begins with the scene of a bomb explosion. The story then cuts back to a few days earlier. U.S. intelligence agent Jim Carter is sent to Japan as a "National Weekly Indicator" journalist to find Taro Matsudo who is helping the Communists there. Matsudo happens to be Carter's college friend. In his hotel, Carter meets Steffi Novak, a mysterious woman who speaks six languages and wishes to accompany him. Together they are taken to a bar by Joe, an undercover agent posing as a taxi driver. Carter tries to approach Taro but he does not want to meet Jim. Back at his hotel, Jim receives a telegram informing him to reach Enoshima island. Here he meets Taro who refuses to divulge any information about his commander. He meets Taro's father Matsudo, a government official, who tells him that Matsudo aspired to be a kamikaze pilot but when Japan surrendered during World War II, he was disappointed with the government and sided with the Communists. When Jim returns to his hotel room, he is beaten by a group of Japanese men who tell him to stay away from Taro.

Meanwhile, Steffi meets Oyama who promises her that in return for spying on Carter she would be able to meet her sister in North Korea. Unknown to Steffi her sister is dead. She takes Cater to meet Oyama at an "enkai" party at a resort in Atami. Somehow, Carter learns that the food offered to him is poisoned. He is forced to eat it and heads back to the hotel and unexpectedly survives. Next, he goes to Tokyo's Takarazuka Theater where he meets Taro's lover Namiko. Here he gains a lot of information about Taro. After he leaves, Namiko is kidnapped and thrown from a moving car; she is hospitalized soon after. Once Taro learns of the incident, he rushes to meet her but refuses to believe that his organization had any involvement with the accident. After having gained evidences of Steffi spying on him, Carter arrests her. When she tells him that she was doing this to meet her sister, Carter informs her that her sister was murdered at Oyama's orders. Steffi vows revenge against Oyama and resolves to help Carter.

Oyama intends to provoke a railroad strike in order to halt the war efforts. Matsudo and Taro face each other at the railway tracks, where both of them give speeches to the workers. In a short period the gathering turns into a brawl and several people, including Matsudo are badly injured. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department intervenes to restore peace. Taro decides to meet Namiko at the hospital but finds her dead. Oyama's henchmen take him to his office and when Taro learns of Oyama's plan to kill Carter, Steffi and Matsudo by a time bomb explosion, he jumps out of the window to draw them away from the bench under which the bomb is placed. Carter reaches Oyama's place with his associates and the police. Seeing no option left, Oyama confesses his crimes, angering his right-hand man who stabs him for disloyalty towards their organization; the man is shot and Oyama dies. After completing his mission Carter returns to the United States, with Steffi and Matsudo seeing him off.


In addition to the above, Heihachirô Ôkawa, Jun Tazaki and Dekao Yokoo also played minor roles. The Takarazuka Revue performed the Imperial Theater sequence.

George Paul Breakston, who had appeared in "It Happened One Night" (1934) and "The Grapes of Wrath" (1940) as a child actor, worked in the Signal Corps during World War II and also visited Tokyo. After the war ended, Breakston shifted his focus towards films, directing "Urubu: The Story of Vulture People" (1948) and "Jungle Stampede" (1950). During this time, he drafted "Tokyo File 212" and met Hollywood studio executives and producers with the script. Dorrell and Stewart McGowan, in addition to writing the film's screenplay, agreed to back the production and established the company Breakston–McGowan Productions, Inc. for this venture. Lawyer Melvin Belli invested $10,000 in the project and was credited as executive producer. Irene Breakston and C. Ray Stahl were the assistant and associate producer respectively. Herman Schopp handled the cinematography while Albert Glasser provided the musical score. The production company joined hands with Japanese 's . The latter agreed to provide half of the budget and Japanese actors and crew members in return for half of the film's earnings in both Japan and the United States.

"Tokyo File 212" was approved by Douglas MacArthur in May 1950 with Lloyd Nolan as the male lead though eventually Robert Peyton was finalized, marking his first appearance in a leading role. Contemporary newspaper reports indicated that Leif Erickson and Sessue Hayakawa were also considered for the protagonist and antagonist's roles respectively. The former left 20th-Fox's "Half Angel" (1951) in hopes of gaining this project. Florence Marly, due to star in a big-budget Mexican feature and under contract with Allied Artists at that time, was borrowed for the film. The cast also included Tatsuo Saitō, Suisei Matsui, Tetsu Nakamura, Katsuhiko Haida and Reiko Otani, who was cast after an audition. It was the only film approved by MacArthur for filming in Japan and he provided the filmmakers with intelligence files to facilitate their research for the film. He also provided interpreters and several intelligence officers appeared in the film. Real military generals and detectives were cast for the respective roles. "Tokyo File 212" was the film debut of geisha Ichimaru. Katsuhiko was initially uncomfortable with his kiss scene with Marley. Marley said of Katsuhiko that "[He] could give the Clark Gables and Tyrone Powers a run for their money." Incidentally, she happened to be the first American actress to visit Japan in 15 years. 40 Kamikaze pilots were also included in the cast.

American actors and crew members reached Japan on July 21, 1950. Principal photography began on the same day under the working title of "Danger City". The film was completed in 36 days and its final version was prepared in 2 months. "Tokyo File 212" was Hollywood's first feature film to be shot entirely in Japan. A communist group wished to appeal to Marly, who was born in Czechoslovakia, not to act in the film. She was told about it only after the crew had returned to the US after completing the principal photography. At the Ohuzumi studio in Tokyo, 26 sets were constructed for the film's shooting. The 100 feet long and 70 feet wide ballroom set for the underground bar scene, where Carter meets Taro for the first time after the war, was built in $160. For the final bomb explosion scene, the Japanese used 15 black-powdered bombs instead of the pre-planned six. The blast caused Dorrel McGowan to fall on his back and alarmed the city's air patrol and the military police, fire wagons along with riot squads rushed to the shooting location. They were unaware that the explosion was done for a film. A few crew member including Marly were hurt in the explosion. The scene where Taro leaps from a window was shot by two cameramen and he was pushed from the window with one cameraman recording just above the window. For a street celebration scene shot in Enoshima, the Japanese extras drank a lot of "sake" to make the scene authentic. The rail strike scene took inspiration from a similar strike that occurred in 1949. 8 trains and 200 engineers were provided for the same scene. During this particular scene several actors were injured. The communists did not want its filming to occur and their threats made the Japanese cast and crew members unwilling to work unless more security was provided.

The production team had access to places where only military cars and trucks were allowed. Location shooting in Japan helped reduce the production costs significantly and the film was completed with a budget of approximately US$700,000 with Dorrel McGowan later stating it would have cost millions of dollars if the film was shot in the US. During her visit, Marly also entertained American soldiers stationed there. She gave instructions in kissing to five Japanese actors, including Toru Abe and Teiji Takahashi, at Meguro Gajoen hotel during a press conference. This incident did not go down well with some sections of the Japanese who loathed Abe for being kissed by a foreigner and even accused him of bringing shame to the nation. After returning from Japan, Dorell McGowan declared that the Japanese were the greatest actors in the world. He also praised the set building techniques employed by the Japanese. One scene was shot at Tokyo's Imperial Theater.

Due to the film's content RKO executives were eager to release "Tokyo File 212" soon. The Japanese and US premieres were scheduled for December 15, 1950 and May 2, 1951 respectively. Gen. Douglas MacArthur and the Japanese emperor Hirohito were invited to attend the former event at Tokyo's Ernie Pyle theatre. However it opened in Japan on January 24, 1951 and released in the United States on May 5. Geisha girls were brought from Japan to perform at the film's opening in major US cities including Washington, D.C.. The Catholic organisation National Legion of Decency considered the film morally objectionable in part and gave it a B rating.

The New York daily "Plattsburgh Press-Republican" predicted that the film would be an outright purchase. Prominent films it was double billed with included "Sealed Cargo" and "Cyclone Fury" (both 1951). It premiered on television on May 13, 1959. The Danish and Portuguese titles for the film were ' and ' respectively. It was released in Sweden on September 8, 1952 as "". The fact that it was filmed in Japan was well publicized. In Japan, Toyoko and Toei managed the film's promotion.

Albert Glasser provided the music score. 
In addition to the above titles "Oyedo Boogie" by Yasuo Shimizu & Shizuo Yoshikawa was also included. The soundtrack's LP record was released in 1987 under the label of Screen Archives Entertainment.

Reviewers criticized the film's plot but praised the scenic settings. Reviewer from "Monthly Film Bulletin" found the Japanese settings "interesting", but called the story confusing and felt that the depiction of communist activities was childishly silly. Brog in "Variety" opined that Marly had fulfilled her role and Peyton's acting was okay. He praised the "Oyedo Boogie" song sequence and the Japanese background. He stated that despite having good "exploitation values", the story had turned out be at "pulp fiction level". "The Christian Science Monitor" reviewer was of the view that the work was "more or less routine entertainment" but praised Marly's "expert job" and the Japanese settings. However, he felt that the dialogues in Japanese language were a little confusing and Peyton's performance was not worth arousing sympathy for its "professional detachment" and "unemotional determination". "The Washington Post" critic Richard L. Coe termed the film a "low-level, pulp magazine job" and a "less worthy buck-catcher" but felt that it had advantage of realistic settings. He also criticized the approval note before the film and advised the government departments to be more careful while approving them. A. H. Weiler of "The New York Times" questioned why "the long trip" to Japan was made for the "awkward melodrama". He called the story "comic-strip level" fiction, Peyton's performance "[stony]", criticized the "muscular and uninspired" acting and dialogues. He concluded his review by stating that the film was "one "file" that should never have been plucked from the archives." John L. Scott wrote in "Los Angeles Times" that the "production moves slowly and abrupt cutting doesn't help the matter much" and termed the picture a "routine spy business".

For "Eiga no tomo" editor Nagaharu Yodogawa who called it a "failure", viewing the feature was a "truly painful" experience. Critic Kodama Kazuo noted in his book that the film's "reputation [was] terribly bad" in Japan. Tasmanian daily "Examiner" called the film an "explosive melodrama". "The Newcastle Sun" called it a "rather unusual film", its background atmosphere "excellent" and praised Marly's performance. However, the reviewer felt that her character was "made-up a little too heavily". James King wrote in his book "Under Foreign Eyes" that Korea and Communist menace was underscored and the Japanese characters were portrayed as having conflicting emotions with the Western ones. He further said that the film created a notion that Japanese had to be rescued from themselves and Oyama represents the Japanese who think of foreigners as enemies. Jeanette Roan felt that the storyline was "well suited to the ideological goals of the reconstruction" but location shooting was unnecessary. In his book "Korean War Filmography", Robert J. Lentz stated that Marly had given the film's "best performance" and made the feature worth watching. He was surprised that a few more shots of "scenic Tokyo" had not been included and called the Communist bar scene "unintentionally comic". Lentz was critical of the script, likened Peyton's voice to that of a TV series actor and rated the film, best of the three produced by Breakston. 42–58% turnout was reported during the first week of the film's screening in Tokyo and it was declared a commercial failure. In 2004, it was released on DVD by Alpha Video.




</doc>
<doc id="33845933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33845933" title="The Spreading Dawn">
The Spreading Dawn

The Spreading Dawn is a 1917 American silent drama film produced by Samuel Goldwyn in his first year of producing independently in his own studio and starring Broadway stage star Jane Cowl in her second and final silent film. It was directed by Laurence Trimble. The film is lost with a fragment, apparently only part of reel 3, surviving at the Library of Congress.

This film was based on a short fiction "The Spreading Dawn" by Basil King that first appeared in the "Saturday Evening Post". It was later the title of a collection of short stories in 1927.

As described in a film magazine, Georgina Vanderpyl (Ballin) loves Captain Lewis Nugent (Lowe), but her aunt Patricia (Cowl) will not allow her to marry, and as proof of her reasons she gives Georgina her journal to read. The story as told in the journal is how happy Patricia is when she meets Anthony Vanderpyl (Caldara). They are married, but shortly thereafter Anthony is called away to war. He comes home on a furlough and after a brief visit leaves. Patricia does not understand this sudden departure, and then Mr. LeRoy (Stephenson) tells her that Anthony is with his wife Cornelia (Billings). When Anthony returns, LeRoy shoots Anthony and Patricia believes the worst of him. Dying, Anthony writes a letter to his wife, but Patricia has never opened it. Georgina coaxes her to read it, and when Patricia does, she discovers her late husband's innocence. Asking his forgiveness, she goes to meet him in the spreading dawn.

"uncredited"



</doc>
<doc id="33846356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33846356" title="The Law of the Land (film)">
The Law of the Land (film)

The Law of the Land (or Law of the Land) is a 1917 silent film starring stage actress turned screen vamp Olga Petrova. The film was directed by Maurice Tourneur and produced by Jesse Lasky.

The story is based on the 1914 play "The Law of the Land" by George Broadhurst and starred Julia Dean in Petrova's role. Some scenes of this film were shot in Florida. This film is now lost.

As described in a film magazine, Margaret Harding (Petrova) becomes the wife of Richard Harding (Standing) to save her mother from ruin. The only happiness in her life is her young son, and one night when Harding threatens to whip the boy to death Margaret shoots him. Geoffrey Morton (Hamilton), who loves Margaret, and Margaret are charged with the crime. However, when Margaret explains to the police inspector (Hatch) the true state of affairs, and when her son shows marks where his father had hit him, Margaret and Geoffrey are exonerated and reunited.




</doc>
<doc id="33846830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33846830" title="Life's Whirlpool">
Life's Whirlpool

Life's Whirlpool is a 1917 American silent drama film written and directed by Lionel Barrymore with his sister Ethel Barrymore as the star. This is the brother and sister's only collaboration on a silent film as director and star.

This film should not be confused with "McTeague" (also known as "Life's Whirlpool"), the first film adaptation of Frank Norris's "McTeague".

The Lionel Barrymore directed film was produced by B. A. Rolfe and released through Metro Pictures. Barrymore would return for a short time to directing films in the early sound era. This is now considered to be a lost film.

As described in a film magazine, Esther (Barrymore), upon the death of her father, is advised by her kindly neighbors to get married. She is forced to sell the homestead and marries a domineering old miser named John Martin (Carrington), who lives with his maiden sister Ruth (Allen). Because she passes the time of day on the street with young men, her husband becomes jealous. He chokes her after he finds a letter from a former friend, Dr. Henry Grey (Hale), and she decides to leave him. While escaping with her son she is detained in a hut by a drunken farmer who tries to embrace her. She shoots him dead, and a posse arrests her for the death of her husband, who was found strangled in the library. However, the death confession of the real murderer clears her of her husband's death, and the return of her former friend from France completes her happiness.


Like many American films of the time, "Life's Whirlpool" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. The Chicago Board of Censors required that three choking scenes be shortened.




</doc>
<doc id="33847135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33847135" title="Buddy's Garage">
Buddy's Garage

Buddy's Garage is an American animated short film. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series, and was released on April 14, 1934. It was the last Warner Bros. short directed by Earl Duvall and only the second in which his name is so spelled (on others, his name is spelled "Duval"). Bernard Brown was musical director of the cartoon.

The film opens to the scene of Buddy happily mending a tire. A litter of kittens are nursed by their mother, fish and ducks swim merrily in a tank of free water, and a responsible car washes itself while Buddy the mechanic squirts oil into all of the necessary sockets. A sleeping dog (presumably Towser) is put to good use, as Our Hero attaches one end of an air hose to the dog's mouth, and the other to a tire. Towser's snoring fills the limp tire with air; a bee puts a canker in the plan by popping the tire with its stinger and scaring Towser awake with the noise. The dog eats the bee, but spits it back out on account of the stinger.

Buddy, meanwhile, plays "By a Waterfall" on a series of files (as if the files were a xylophone), until Cookie appears with Buddy's lunch. The two sweethearts set up to eat: Buddy grinds the skin off of a pineapple, cracks the shells of walnuts with a monkey wrench, and attempts to inflate a small chicken to greater proportions. The chicken explodes as though it was a balloon.

Just then, a large, cigar-smoking character (apparently the same villain from "Buddy's Show Boat" and "Buddy's Beer Garden") drives up to the garage, requesting gasoline for his vehicle. Buddy obliges, and the bruiser steps away to the restroom, where he finds Cookie, whom he decides to kidnap. Buddy dutifully oils his new enemy's engine, but knows that something is amiss when he hears Cookie scream. Rushing inside the garage, Buddy finds the bruiser unfazed by Cookie's blows and demands her release. Challenged by Buddy, the bruiser puts down Cookie, only to be attacked from behind by the girl with a drill of some sort.

The villain chases Cookie, Buddy the villain. At a wall, the villain again takes Cookie, and an indignant Buddy is buried by tires from a shelf that the bruiser intentionally jostles. Freeing himself, Buddy is blasted with ash from the villain's (freshly re-fueled) automobile as it speeds away. Hastening back to the garage, Buddy starts after Cookie and her kidnapper with another vehicle. On the chase, Buddy and his enemy must pass two stopped trucks and freely ignore a "Road Closed" sign. Upon crashing into a large box of tools, the bruiser finds his back tires equipped with saws, which compromise the midsection of a wooden bridge. Passing through the same bridge, Buddy and his vehicle fall into the water below. The hook on the wench of Buddy's truck catches a fish, which then is pursued by hungry cats.

Briefly losing the trail, Buddy speeds as never before once he catches on to Cookie's kidnapper, and, in the process, destroys a laundry truck, whose contents (ladies' undergarments) his vehicle then wears. Where the villain barely avoids a house, Buddy speeds on through it, taking with him a married couple abed. Cookie screams as Buddy approaches, and Buddy winds his truck's wench over to the car in front of him, cleverly snagging Cookie's shirt on it, and thereby carrying her over to his own vehicle. To the villain, he does the same, but does not rescues him. He instead lowers him to the back of the truck so much that his rear end is continually bumped by large rocks and yards of fence. Buddy releases the exhaust at Cookie's would-be captor and the two, safely in the vehicle, happily embrace.

Earl Duvall would not return to direct another Warner Bros. cartoon. Following "Buddy's Garage" and the firing of Duvall, all of the remaining "Looney Tunes" starring Buddy would be supervised by Jack King, Ben Hardaway, and, less commonly, Friz Freleng. The other cartoons supervised by Duvall (Duval) were the "Looney Tunes" "Buddy's Beer Garden" and "Buddy's Show Boat" and the "Merrie Melodies" "Honeymoon Hotel" and "Sittin' on a Backyard Fence".

When Buddy steps out to help his wayward customer, we clearly see a poster of a sleepy child holding a candle & announcing that it is "Time to Re-tire"; this is a clear reference to the advertising slogan, adopted 1917, of Fisk Tires.



</doc>
<doc id="33847228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33847228" title="The Lie (1918 film)">
The Lie (1918 film)

The Lie is a 1918 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Artcraft Pictures, an affiliate of Paramount. J. Searle Dawley directed and stage star Elsie Ferguson starred in a story based on a 1914 play by Henry Arthur Jones and starring Margaret Illington. The film is now lost.


Like many American films of the time, "The Lie" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors issued an Adults Only permit for the film.




</doc>
<doc id="33851920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33851920" title="Gangs of New York (1938 film)">
Gangs of New York (1938 film)

Gangs of New York is a 1938 American film directed by James Cruze and written by Samuel Fuller.

Crime lord Rocky Thorpe is impersonated by police officer John Franklin in order to infiltrate his organization and bring an end to it once and for all.




</doc>
<doc id="33852364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33852364" title="Dora's Dunking Doughnuts">
Dora's Dunking Doughnuts

Dora's Dunking Doughnuts is a 1933 American short subject directed by Harry Edwards.

Teacher Andy is fixated on both Dora who runs a bakery and her doughnuts that he has every morning on his way to teach school. He proposes using the musical talent of his students to perform on a radio show to advertise the bakery. Once on the air bickering mothers of the students fight and brawl with the manager leading listeners to believe the show is a comedy.




</doc>
<doc id="33857903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33857903" title="Mickey's Good Deed">
Mickey's Good Deed

Mickey's Good Deed (also called Mickey's Lucky Break and Mickey Plays Santa in certain home video releases) is a 1932 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. Set during the Christmas season and the contemporary Great Depression, the cartoon centers on Mickey's act of charity to bring Christmas to a poor family. The film was directed by Burt Gillett and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey and Pinto Colvig as Pluto.

"Mickey's Good Deed" was Mickey's second Christmas themed film after "Mickey's Orphans" (1931).

Mickey Mouse appears as a street performer playing "Adeste Fideles" on a cello while Pluto howls along. Several people appear to throw coins in Mickey's collection cup and Mickey wishes them a merry Christmas. But when Mickey goes to buy food, he discovers to his dismay that his cup is full of nails, nuts, and bolts.

Eventually Mickey comes to the home of a rich family and begins to play outside. Inside the home, a crying child named Adelbert keeps throwing away toys given to him by his father and a butler. When Adelbert hears Pluto outside, he demands his father buy the dog. The butler goes outside and persistently offers Mickey money for Pluto, but Mickey refuses and Pluto bites the butler in the buttocks. While running away, Mickey drops his cello and a horse-drawn sleigh runs it over destroying it. The apparently oblivious party in the sleigh call out a cheerful "Merry Christmas!" to Mickey.

Mickey and Pluto later come across the home of a poor cat family. A mother sits at the table crying and Mickey and Pluto see that the father, Pete, is in jail and she has no money for food or toys. Emotionally moved by the scene, Mickey returns to the rich home and reluctantly sells Pluto. With the money, Mickey buys toys and food for the cat family and their mother, who is now snoring as he makes it back to their house and he delivers the goods dressed as Santa Claus. He barely manages to keep it quiet until he has snuck out of the house, just in time to see the children wake up to celebrate Christmas. Mickey is then satisfied that he helped the cat family have a happy Christmas, and he does not miss Pluto.

Meanwhile back at the rich home, Adelbert is tormenting Pluto and tying objects, including a roasted chicken onto Pluto's tail. The frustrated father finally has the butler throw the dog out, before spanking Adelbert. Pluto then follows Mickey's tracks to where he finds the lonely mouse sitting in front of a fire along with a snow sculpture of Pluto. Pluto burrows through the snow and pops his head out the top of the sculpture surprising Mickey. The two of them share the roasted chicken for a Christmas dinner.






</doc>
<doc id="33860579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33860579" title="Bedside Manner (film)">
Bedside Manner (film)

Bedside Manner is a 1945 American film directed by Andrew L. Stone, based on a 1944 "Saturday Evening Post" story of the same name by Robert Carson. The film was re-released in 1950 under the title Her Favorite Patient.

Plastic surgeon Dr. Hedy Fredericks (Ruth Hussey) picks up three hitchhiking Marines, Tommy (Joel McGinnis), Dick (John James), and Harry (Frank Jenks) (who all have Smith as their last name), while driving home to Chicago. On the way she makes a quick stop in her birth town of Blithewood, and is appalled by the way the town has changed since she left it years ago. The whole town now has a large defense plant with the population having grown dramatically.

Hedy runs into a man she believes is her childhood friend Smedley Hoover during her short visit, but it is in fact a test pilot named Morgan Hale (John Carroll). Her meeting with Morgan makes his date, Lola Cross (Ann Rutherford) so jealous that she stands him up. 
Hedy also meets with her uncle, Dr. J.H ”Doc” Fredericks (Charles Ruggles), who in vain tries to persuade her into staying and sharing his practice. She also visits another childhood friend named Stella Livingston (Renee Godfrey), who is in need of plastic surgery after an accident at the defense plant. Hedy performs the surgery on her friend’s face, and then she goes out to the local hang-out with the three Smiths later in the night. There they meet Morgan, Lola, and a beautiful Russian pilot named Tanya (Claudia Drake). A series of complications occurs, leading to Morgan pursuing Tanya and Lola going out with Harry Smith. 
Morgan is still angry at Hedy for breaking up his date earlier, but they make up after he crashes his plane during a test flight and Hedy is the one to treat him afterwards. The next day though, Hedy heads for Chicago after taking Morgan’s stitches out, much to his disappointment. Desperate to get Hedy to stay, Morgan chases her in his car, but crashes again, leading to Hedy having to treat him again. The next day, Morgan has another condition in need of treatment, and Hedy continues treating him. She spends a lot of time with Morgan, but doesn’t realize her feelings for him until Morgan stays out all night with Lola, and she gets jealous. Her uncle reveals that he and Morgan have been in on a plan to get her to stay in town. Furious, Hedy starts treating Morgan with a series of very unpleasant and rough sine cures, trying to make him expose himself as a fraud. Then she tries to leave for Chicago one more time, but slips on an ice cube from one of her rough treatments and is knocked unconscious. When she wakes up, she confesses her love for Morgan and they have their first kiss.



</doc>
<doc id="33864931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33864931" title="Buddy of the Apes">
Buddy of the Apes

Buddy of the Apes is an American animated short film, released on May 26, 1934. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was the first cartoon supervised by Ben Hardaway; musical direction was by Bernard Brown.

Buddy, dressed in a leopard pelt and wearing his ordinary shoes, steps from his house amid the jungle trees, thumps his chest, and utters a great yell before swinging from tree to tree down to the earth. Cleverly, he washes himself with the water of an elephant's trunk, steps behind the great beast to wring out his raiment, then, when again decent, re-emerges. Buddy steps over to a nearby pond, where he brushes his teeth with a reed thereby growing. We see animals doing similar things: a giraffe rinses its mouth and spits, an alligator cleans its dentures, and a monkey flosses the teeth of a hippopotamus. A mother ape rocks her baby in a cradle (balanced on a ledge), and gives him a coconut as a bottle; when the child looks to be safely asleep, the mother steps away. But the child is awake, and he happily rocks himself off of his precarious ledge, and falls, cradle and all, into a river below: the mother returns screaming.

Buddy, meanwhile, slices open a coconut to drink its milk, and the mother ape hysterically enjoins his help in rescuing her baby. Buddy rushes off, and, cleverly tying the hilt of his coconut knife to a vine, he snags the little ape's cradle and barely saves the infant from falling down a rushing waterfall. The mother scolds her baby upon his return, and Buddy and several other creatures dance in a circle (Buddy at center). A native from a nearby village catches sight of the triumphant party by means of a spy-glass and hurries back to tell his Chief of the matter: the village gathers, the Chief speaks in a language accessible only to himself and his people, and most of the villagers arm and hurry off at this command, whilst two stay behind to take up the king's litter.

Buddy, interrupted from a game that he was apparently playing with an ape friend of his, deftly escapes two spears from the advancing local enemy (the ape on his back), and leaps to his hut, again uttering a great bellow: this is a gathering cry for the beasts of the jungle. An elephant hears Buddy, sees the enemies, and gathers, with its trunk, acorns, which then it fires, to great effect, at the natives. Buddy catches a spear in his teeth, fires it back at its thrower, and catches the native, by his nose ring, on a tree. A kangaroo then emerges and punches the trapped enemy, while a smaller native kicks the belly of the beast, from which, naturally enough, emerges a baby kangaroo, which then takes a mighty and successful swing at the tiny belligerent. Apes load coconuts into a hippopotamus, and another ape swings from a tree to kick the beast, which then, by mouth, launches the palm projectiles at quickly frightened, retreating natives. Dodging most, the fleeing warriors are struck from the rear by one, and, as they are running in a straight line, are bunched together at once, and thrown thus off a cliff, into the water beneath. A monkey emerges from the beak of a pelican and fires coconuts at the tribal chief and his litter-bearers, knocking out the two servants and sending the chief flying; the hippopotamus continues to fire coconuts and hits the Chief numerous times. Another ape successfully uses a cat as a bow from which to fire long needles at the Chief's behind. Buddy, watching, swings down from his hut and catches his enemy by the neck. Wrestling the Chief into submission, Buddy again lets loose his jungle roar and is outfitted with the same crown worn, not a moment ago, by the defeated native chief.



</doc>
<doc id="33867036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33867036" title="Lucky Ducky (film)">
Lucky Ducky (film)

Lucky Ducky is a 1948 American animated cartoon from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by Tex Avery, animated by Walt Clinton (here credited as Walter Clinton), Preston Blair, Louie Schmitt, and Grant Simmons, and musical direction by Scott Bradley.

This short was originally in development as a "George and Junior" entry, but was ultimately produced with two random dog characters instead. This is the last MGM cartoon in black and white, albeit for a brief gag only.

The foreword of the cartoon tells:

"Dedicated"
"to those duck hunters"
"who leave at dawn"
"with loaded gun..."
"and come home late loaded..."

Many ducks are swimming and flying around a pond. They are also doing a conga line around two dogs who are hunting, waiting in their boat. Nearby at a tree, a sign reads ""No Hunting Before 6:AM". As the clock finally strikes six, all the ducks fly away before the two dogs have the chance to shoot one. Then the dogs spot a mother duck having her nest with an egg in it strapped to herself. The dogs miss the shot but the strap breaks, dropping the egg onto the boat and hatching. Just then, it starts dancing and taking off the egg shell, and jumps into the water. The two dogs point their guns into the water, but no shooting is heard. The dogs lift their guns, revealing that the duckling had tied the point of their guns together in a knot. The duckling laughs and jumps back into the water. The duckling goes under the boat and pulls out a drill, and puts a hole in the boat. The dogs notice the leaking, and the small dog covers the hole with his hands. Water starts coming out of his ears and the big dog covers the small dog's ears with his hands. Suddenly, water starts coming out of the big dog's ears, and the small dog stops the water by using the big dog's nose like a faucet. The small dog uncovers the hole, and the duckling honks his nose, laughs, and dives back in. The small dog points his gun into the hole, but the duckling snaps it shut with a clip. The small dog pulls up his gun, and the big dog lets go of the clip, and the gun explodes in the small dog's face. The duckling then lifts the boat and hits it against the water. The duckling laughs and swims away.

The small dog then heads to the motor, but the engine won't start. The big dog lifts the anchor and uses the small dog's head to start the boat. As the dogs chase the duckling at super-sonic speed, the boat's rudder blades cut the water in half, then the land in half, sinking a tree. Continuing the chase in the boat on dry land, the blades proceed to turn a log, two trees and a rock mountain into a bridge, staircase and ladder, and Mount Rushmore, respectively. The duckling and the boat go into a hole in a tree, and goes through another tree that has a hole. The duckling passes between two trees with the big tree suddenly lifting the small tree before the boat can do something to it. After crossing a mudpit and squeezing between two other trees, the chase temporarily ends with the boat and everybody crashing into a rock and getting flattened. Now chasing the duckling on foot, they stop upon a "Stop School Crossing" sign with an actual schoolhouse crossing the road. Chasing the duckling into a forest, everything suddenly turns black and white, the trio having passed a sign indicating "Technicolor Ends Here". Going back into the color portion of the forest, the duckling stops at the edge of a cliff and spots the big dog coming towards him, prompting the duckling to pull out a bottle of "Quick Grow" and instantly turning a small plant into a tree which the big dog crashes into. The big dog then grabs an ax, and then puts it down to spit on his hands. The little dog comes back, and the big dog blindly uses him instead of the ax. The big dog notices this, and puts the little dog down. Then the little dog spits out a little pile of logs.

Back at the pond, the big dog is sniffing out the scent of the duckling who dumps pepper into the big dog's nose and places a pie in his hands. The big dog's sneeze blows the pie out of his hands and all over the small dog, the whipped cream and cherry filling looking like an outfit of Santa Claus.

The duckling jumps into a hole in a log. The big dog then reaches his hand into the log, but the duckling makes a slingshot, slinging the big dog's hand into his head. The big dog then points his gun towards the hole, but the duckling pulls out a frightening mask, shrinking the gun. The big dog grabs the little dog's gun, but it doesn't shoot. The big dog pulls out the bullet and hands it to the little dog. The little dog gets shot in the face, leaving him in blackface. The little dog hands the big dog the bullet, and then the big dog gets left in blackface.

Next, the duckling leaves its footprints in the ground. The dogs' guns point to where the duckling is: in three different paths. The small dog then gets out a duck call and blows, but the duckling answers back with a smaller duck call. The chase on water resumes by the dogs in their repaired boat. The duckling suddenly stops and the dogs are about to shoot, but the duckling pulls out a STOP sign and points to the clock which now has a sign showing "NO SHOOTING AFTER 5:00 PM". The bell rings, much to the dogs horror, and the ducks come back, swimming, flying and doing another conga line, while the disgruntled dogs sit angry that they didn't even shoot one single duck. Meanwhile, on the boat, the duckling has now joined the conga line as the camera irises out on him.


</doc>
<doc id="33868856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33868856" title="Boom Boom (film)">
Boom Boom (film)

Boom Boom is a theatrical cartoon of the Looney Tunes series. It features Beans the Cat and Porky Pig.

The short begins with a bunch of explosions, with bombs, bullets, rockets, and fireworks; and many people immediately rushed into war. One worker who appears climbing up the steps from a nearby shelter, he starts giving attention by blowing his trumpet until a nearby rocket exploded on him. His clothes are wrinkled, the part of the area went into deep-land, and his trumpet went out of shape with many curves. He later flattens itself up as he slowly faints and dies. On the next scene, another person (who appears to be a dog) shoots a machine gun in front on top of the abandoned brick house's chimney. 2 members later worked together to shoot a cannon in front of the chimney. One out of the two workers then comes out of the cannon's hole and knocks the dog out with his mallet. The dog then starts to feel dazed as he lays down of the chimney as he started to faint. A cow (who appears to look like Clarabelle) then starts to run before getting attacked. One bullet, or rocket, managed to rip her suit up; and another rips his hat. Her hands are later trapped by the hole of her hat. She managed to go inside of some shelter. She then closes the door by using his right foot. An incoming bullet then later went through the cow's legs, smashing the bottom of the door. The bullet then smashes the top of the door and destroys most of the right side of the wall. Another bullet went through but the bullet didn't decide to destroy something. Instead the bullet saws the broken hat that came from the cow. He rushes as he recognized some rockets and grabbing some piano keys. She then plays with the cannons by playing the first phrase of the familiar tune "Yankee Doodle" until another bullet destroys the house; killing her. It displays the sky with the cow (who apparently goes straight to heaven with wings, and having a different color scheme) plays the last parts of "Yankee Doodle" with her harp. Another dog person came along with very big teeth, aiming his gun until he hits the trigger. A cork that attaches to the string of the gun hits him in the top of his nose, and nearly into his eyes. Another dog person then shoots with a machine gun as he starts to shake as he walks into the next position. The same dog person with the very big teeth then does the same thing but by covering his head with his hat. He tries to look but got hit by the cork in the same position. Another dog appears as he literally pulled the tag off of one of the hand-grenades. He immediately tries to throw the grenade, but immediately throws the cork instead. The dog then gets sent way up high in the air after the explosion. The ambulance later was driven down the street until the driver recognized the person. He speeds up, landing the person into his net, and dumps him straight to the back of his ambulance. 

Like the other characters, Beans and Porky are soldiers and have been sent into the battlefield. Porky is on a surge with some fellow infantry. Porky first starts to blow his whistle to start the journey, bombs started to rain in the close's sight. When bombs rain near them, the pig starts to crawl, but notices that there is nobody there to protect the pig. Instead, he quickly retreats and runs into the ditch, dazing him. He later then goes down inside a bunker and under a bed is where Beans is sleeping on. Porky then tries to wake Beans up by taking cover underneath his bed. Beans gets up and tries to encourage Porky not to be afraid. He wishes that he will stay on the farm, until the cow recognized a joke. An explosion was heard. He then takes cover under the table. 4 other characters including a duck (who quacks instead of speaks), then sings "We're in the army now".

While Beans and Porky are having a meal, a dove comes to them with a note, who literally got shot by a gunshot. He then literally dives down to where Beans and Porky are spotted. The bird walked slowly to the 2, receiving the message. Beans and Porky then saw the bird lying down, dead. Beans then reads the note. The note was a message from their general who is held hostage by enemy forces. They then set off by running near the closest vehicle by taking a couple of turns into the dispatch's headquarters (which is destroyed by a bomb), and both Beans and Porky took off from a used motorcycle to rescue their leader. Beans took off first, but Porky didn't recognized that happened quick, but Beans went around in the circle as he picks Porky up violently by almost running over by him, sending him to fly and landing into the passenger side of the motorcycle. 

Beans and Porky both then goes into enemy territory. Continuing the journey inside the motorcycle, the bullet bill (not from Super Mario Brothers) then spotted Porky and Beans riding in a motorcycle. He rushes with a mechanical siren in the distance. Beans then spotted the bullet as another mechanical siren (with a sounding of a miniature Federal Signal Model 28H) then forces the motorcycle to rush faster. They literally go around tracks and scenics until the motorcycle, running over by a tree; splitting the 2 cars in half. The cars then later flew Beans and Porky to the ground after running over by electric wires (who appeared to be not working at the time). The bullet came by and literally missing the 2. Beans and Porky both hid in nearby mines. He continues the journey by moving the hole to different various areas, with missing 2 more explosions by bullets. Looking from outside undetected, they find their general in an enemy bunker, being interrogated and tortured by 2 other soldiers; 1 appears to torture the general by lighting up a cigarette box by his bare-foot. Beans makes his move by tying up the enemy officers from a distance with a rope and a rocket attached to it. The rocket then was set off by Beans, and the 2 soldiers were completely trapped. Beans and Porky knocked down the 2 other soldiers with their hands to the floor, then rush forward and pick up the general. The general and the two soldiers attempt to escape using a nearby airplane. But before they can fly far enough, the sky is filled with bullets, and their aircraft was shot by one of the enemy's fire, forcing the plane to slice in half, and falls down in sight to the ground, causing them to plunge back to the earth.

Fortunately, all three of them survived the crash and are in a bed at a hospital. Though injured, the general is honored by the soldiers' bravery as he awards medals to Beans and Porky. But fortunately, the metal was originally given by Beans, who literally split the metals into 2 by given one to himself and the other to Porky. All 3 laughed about what Beans did as the cartoon ends.



</doc>
<doc id="33876872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33876872" title="The Legion of Missing Men">
The Legion of Missing Men

The Legion of Missing Men is a 1937 Monogram Pictures film about the French Foreign Legion set in the French protectorate of Morocco. Directed by Hamilton MacFadden, it stars Ralph Forbes who had also served in the cinematic Foreign Legion in "Beau Geste (1926 film)" and "Beau Ideal" (1931). Singer and actress Hala Linda was married to the composer of the film's "The Legionnaires Song" Richard Gump. It was the only film of Monogram's Marlene Dietrich imitator. The film features scenes reused from a silent film, presumably "Under Two Flags".

Bob Carter is a professional soldier of fortune whose expertise is in the use of the machine gun. He has plied his trade for Sun Yat-Sen in the Xinhai Revolution, the Mexican Revolution and with the Spanish in the Rif War for de Rivera. Now he is content to be a Legionnaire in the 20th Marching Company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment with his comrades in arms the American Muggsy and the Englishman Bilgey.

Bob's world changes in a variety of ways. First half his company is lost in attacks by Shiek Ibrahim-Ul-Ahmed's insurgents who capture the company's cargo of crated machine guns and ammunition. Fortunately for the Legion the weapons are disassembled and none of the Shiek's band has the knowledge to get them into working order.

Granted leave in the town of Zabala, Bob is romantically pursued by Nina De Bernay, a French nightclub singer. Nina entertains the Legion but is romantically pursued herself by Bob's Sergeant Garcia; however Bob believes Nina to be his Sergeant's woman and does not pursue her.

Arriving with a draft of replacements for the 20th Company is Bob's own younger brother Don who admires Bob's carefree action packed international lifestyle. Initially upset that Don has thrown away his university education and business potential away, Bob soon resigns himself to his brother's company. Problems arise when Nina, who can not have Bob and doesn't like Sgt Garcia makes a play for Don. Immature and oblivious to local custom and military disclipine, Don strikes Sergeant Garcia who gleefully has him arrested and vows to send him to the dreaded Penal Battalion.

Bob breaks the chain of command to appeal directly to his Regimental Commander to avoid ruining Don's life and the Colonel allows Don's release. Unknown to all, Nina uses her friendship with Shiek Ibrahim-Ul-Ahmed to have two of his men free Don and smuggle him to a port where he may leave French North Africa and desert the Legion.

Bob and his two friends Muggsy and Bilgey desert themselves to bring Don back. They track and ambush the party killing one of the Arabs, however the survivor brings reinforcements who capture the Legionnaires. The Shiek initially treats his captives kindly; in order to obtain information. He then uses the opportunity to have Don teach his men how to assemble and use the Hotchkiss M1914 machine guns that they captured from the Legion. This is beyond Don's knowledge but the Shiek knows of Bob's expertise and tortures Don until Bob performs these duties. Bob agrees when Don is released. Bob has his party assemble the weapons but modify all but two of the machine guns by filing the extractors down so they will break after a few rounds are fired and jam the weapons.

Meanwhile Nina arrives and sees that the Shiek has not got Don out of the country and instead plans to wipe out the French. Though trusted by the Shiek, Nina proves herself loyal to France by escaping and warning the Legion of the Shiek's proposed attack on a strategic French fort. The Shiek plans his assault with fire support from the two machine guns manned by the legionnaires who are offered their freedom to switch sides. To ensure their loyalty they are covered by the two other machine guns that Bob has sabotaged.

As the fort is attacked, the four disgraced Legionnaires turn their machine guns on the Shiek and his horde of insurgents.




</doc>
<doc id="33877690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33877690" title="Buddy's Bearcats">
Buddy's Bearcats

Buddy's Bearcats is an American animated short film, released June 23, 1934. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was supervised by Jack King; musical direction was by Norman Spencer.

We come to a sign that announces "Baseball to-day: Buddy's Bearcats vs. Battling Bruisers." Below, hundreds, perhaps thousands, of fans rush into the ball park; patrons buy tickets and walk through a turnstile. One particularly large man is called back to the ticket window after purchasing his admission and is measured by the operator of the window: "Two seats!" the ticket salesman declares. The man happily obliges and purchases a second ticket for himself! Two tall, bearded gentlemen (in top hats, no less), one holding the shoulders of the other in front, compress themselves, and sneak, with impunity, under the turnstile and the nose of the ticket salesman.

A young man with light, curly hair observes the park from without through a crack in the fence and says: "It's Buddy!" We then see Our Hero, grandly bearing the attire of his team and cheerfully tossing a ball about his shoulders and chest. Two other men watch through holes in the fence: as a gag, one's hole in the fence is so much higher than the other's, making viewing difficult, unless one simply reaches up and pulls down the high hole, thereby lowering it and raising the other's hole, to the inconvenience of the other.

A dog sits beneath the same curly-haired man from before, and another fellow uses the canine's tail as a crank that curves the dog's midsection upwards, allowing the young man a far better view of the field (or simply a chance to leap over the fence.) An apparently Scotch couple inflates a set of bagpipes, then ties them, as a hot air balloon, to a drum, which serves as a platform, that the couple might float in the air and leap over the fence as well. The fans sway about in the stands, and an unusually blond Cookie greets Buddy and vice versa.

Buddy uses a baseball to play a set of bats as though they were a xylophone, then catches the ball in his back pocket. A food vendor named Willie King sings about his hot dogs; a whimsical drink vendor walks the stands, sends a soda pop over to a young patron by means of a little propeller. A very musical announcer introduces us to the Battling Bruisers, the team on his right; and on his left, "the greatest team the world has ever seen: Buddy and his Bearcats." The game begins, narrated by a parody of Joe E. Brown on a radio station KFWB ("not to be confused with KFWB in Los Angeles"), who swallows a ball thrown, in his direction, by Buddy. Buddy rubs his hands with dirt; a Bruiser squirts oil under his arms, and throws a pitch to Buddy, who hits the ball and runs (and skates) to base. The fans are very pleased.

In the next scene, Buddy throws a tricky ball to a Bruiser, who can not seem to hit it; he throws down his bat, blows air (through a bug spray apparatus) at the ball that it falls (as would a dying fly), and simply picks it up, tosses it into the air, and hits it. An outfielder catches the ball. The score, we see in the next scene, stands at forty-nine to forty-seven. The people want Buddy! But Our Hero, behind the scenes, is all too nervous to emerge and play; alone, he genuflects, and appears, for a moment, to pray. Cookie approaches him and tells him of the great clamor for him from the spectators: Buddy is bashfully convinced. Buddy gladly takes the bat from another player (who looks like a taller, balder version of Buddy), hits a ball thrown by a maniacally laughing, mustachioed Bruiser, and runs about the diamond, cheered on by Cookie, who stands at base. The game is won, and the two sweethearts, embracing, are buried in a deluge of the hats of happy fans.

Willie King, the concession stand owner, played by Billy Bletcher, sings an original song by Norman Spencer, the musical director of the short. In the history of Warner Bros. cartoons, Willie King was, in fact, a concession stand owner who operated his business outside Leon Schlesinger's studio.

This is the first of but a few Buddy shorts in which Buddy's sweetheart Cookie has blond, braided hair. This would seem to be characteristic only of those Buddy cartoons supervised by Jack King, though not all of them.



</doc>
<doc id="33878211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33878211" title="Midnight Shadow">
Midnight Shadow

Midnight Shadow is a 1939 film with an all African-American cast. It was directed and produced by George Randol, who was also African American.

The mind-reading Prince Alihabad courts a girl from Oklahomam played by Frances E. Redd. Her parents want to make her happy, but they do not like that Alihabad worships Allah. A killer is on the loose and locals fear that it might be Alihabad.


The film was briefly discussed in terms of plot and as an African-American production in the books "Hollywood Be Thy Name: African American Religion in American Film, 1929-1949" and "Whispered Consolations: Law and Narrative in African American Life".



</doc>
<doc id="33884986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33884986" title="Traffic in Souls">
Traffic in Souls

Traffic in Souls (also released as While New York Sleeps) is a 1913 American silent crime drama film focusing on forced prostitution (white slavery) in the United States. Directed by George Loane Tucker and starring Jane Gail, Ethel Grandin, William H. Turner, and Matt Moore, "Traffic in Souls" is an early example of the narrative style in American films. The film consists of six reels which was longer than most American film of the era.

A copy of "Traffic in Souls" is preserved at the Library of Congress and the Film Preservation Associates. In 2006, the film was added to the National Film Registry for preservation in the Library of Congress because it "presaged the Hollywood narrative film" and drew attention through its riveting depiction of the methods used to entrap young women into prostitution.

The storyline concerns two young Swedish women immigrants who are approached by men soliciting for white slavery under the guise of a legitimate work offer. In the scenes filmed at Battery Park, after the women are transported there from Ellis Island, real immigrants can be seen in the background.

The entire film takes place over the course of three days and consists of a prologue; the main narrative in which one of the sisters is kidnapped by a pimp and the other sister and her boyfriend rush to rescue her in time and the pimp is killed; and an epilogue in which the viewer finds out the consequences from a trashed news article. The film concludes with a joke ending, an ending to a thriller that at the time was not the cliché it has become now.


"Traffic in Souls" was based on a story by the film's director George Loane Tucker. The scenario was written by Walter MacNamara who also served as producer with Jack Cohn. Executive producers include King Baggot, Herbert Brenon, William Robert Daly, and Carl Laemmle.

The film was shot and produced by Universal Film Manufacturing Company in Fort Lee, New Jersey, where many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century. Additional footage was shot on location at Ellis Island and Manhattan. Its subjects were working women who had immigrated to the United States, and it was released at a time when the country was undergoing a "moral panic" over the issue of prostitution. The film's release eventually resulted in the adding of "white slavery" to the list of topics banned under the Hays Code.

Terry Ramsaye, an early film historian, wrote in his book "A Million and One Nights", that "Traffic" "In Souls" was made in under four weeks with a small budget of $5,000. He also claimed that all the money came from George Loane Tucker, Herbert Brenon, William Robert Daly, King Baggot, and Jack Cohn. Furthermore, he also wrote that the film had to be made in secret because Carl Laemmle (the future head of Universal Film) tried to stop the film's production and did not want to release it when completed. While Ramsaye's account of the Silent Era is influential, many of his claims have challenged or rejected by contemporary scholars. Film historian Kevin Brownlow found evidence that the film's actually started with $25,000 provided by theater magnate Lee Shubert, former U.S. Representative Joseph L. Rhinock, and others. And rather than being made in secret, the film actually had a large cast and expensive shooting locations in two states, while Laemmle supported the film because the public's intense interest in white slavery promised substantial profits.

The film is notable for its pioneering use of camera movement while shooting scenes. Most films made prior to 1913 relied heavily on scenes shot head-on with a stationary camera. Some filmmakers had been moving tilting or panning their cameras to track a moving object or follow action. For example, Harold M. Shaw panned his camera during one of the final moments of "The Land Beyond the Sunset" (1912) while Alice Guy-Blaché mounted a camera on the back of a moving truck in "Matrimony's Speed Limit" (1913). What made Henry Alder Leach's cinematography so groundbreaking is how he deliberately choreographed his camera movements to convey meaning and anticipate action—a technique that predicted the future of film-making.

"Traffic in Souls" opened on November 24, 1913 at Lou Fields's Theatre at 1215 Broadway in New York City. The film was made for $5,700, and reportedly earned $400,000 during its theatrical run, helping to make Universal a major player among movie studios.

Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film two and a half out of four stars, calling it "a trashy, corny guilty pleasure."

"Traffic in Souls" was released on VHS by Kino International accompanied by a piano score by Philip Carli in 1994. Flicker Alley released the film, along with "The Italian" (1915) and three shorts, as part of a two DVD set entitled "Perils of the New Land" in August 2008. Film historian Shelley Stamp provided expert audio commentary for the 2008 release.



</doc>
<doc id="33887842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33887842" title="It's Your War Too">
It's Your War Too

It's Your War Too is a 1944 short documentary film about the American Women's Army Corps and commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. It contains 1 minute of animation by the Walt Disney Studios.

The Academy Film Archive preserved “It's Your War Too” in 2009. The film is part of the Academy War Film Collection, one of the largest collections of World War II era short films held outside government archives.



</doc>
<doc id="33887903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33887903" title="Food and Magic">
Food and Magic

Food and Magic is a 1943 short documentary film commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. "Food and Magic", was produced by the War Activities Committee of The Motion Picture Industry and it deals with food conservation and healthy eating. It stars Jack Carson as a sideshow barker who informs the crowd about proper wartime food consumption, including conservation and rationing.

"Food and Magic" was preserved in 2008 by the Academy Film Archive. The film is part of the Academy War Film Collection, one of the largest collections of World War II era short films held outside government archives.



</doc>
<doc id="33887948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33887948" title="Since Pearl Harbor">
Since Pearl Harbor

Since Pearl Harbor is a 1943 short documentary film commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. It is a "report to the American People" regarding the wartime activities of the American Red Cross since the Attack on Pearl Harbor.

The Academy Film Archive preserved "Since Pearl Harbor" in 2009. The film is part of the Academy War Film Collection, one of the largest collections of World War II era short films held outside government archives.



</doc>
<doc id="33897388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33897388" title="Mary Moreland">
Mary Moreland

Mary Moreland is a 1917 American silent drama film starring stage actress Marjorie Rambeau that was released through Mutual Film. It is a lost film.

As described in a film magazine review, Thomas Maughm (Elliott), a Wall Street broker and unhappily married, finds himself in love with his secretary Mary Moreland (Rambeau). He confesses his love and she leaves his employ. After Mary has traveled around in various positions, she returns home. She learns of the death of Thomas' wife and this time she listens to his confessions of love.


Like many American films of the time, "Mary Moreland" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. The Chicago Board of Censors cut an intertitle that stated "Don't you know that your wife is going to have a child?"



</doc>
<doc id="33897795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33897795" title="The Greater Woman">
The Greater Woman

The Greater Woman is a lost 1917 silent film drama starring Broadway actress Marjorie Rambeau in her first motion picture beginning a 40-year screen career. Mutual Film released the film and Frank Powell directed.




</doc>
<doc id="33898284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33898284" title="The Beautiful Adventure (1917 film)">
The Beautiful Adventure (1917 film)

The Beautiful Adventure is a 1917 American silent drama film starring Ann Murdock, a stage star. The film is based on a Broadway stage play "The Beautiful Adventure" that had starred Murdock on Broadway. The film was directed by Dell Henderson and released through the Mutual Film company. It is a lost film.

As described in a film magazine, Andre D'Eguzon (Powell) and Helen De Travillac (Murdock) are in love, but the mother of Andre, Countess D'Eguzon (Sergeantson), interferes and brings about the engagement of Helen to Valentine Borroyer (Norton), who makes a diary note of every event. On the morning of the wedding Andre goes to Helen and pleads with her not to marry Valentine. Helen tears off her wedding veil and flees with Andre to the home of her grandmother. They find themselves in many compromising situations as the grandmother believes that they are husband and wife. Helen gets Valentine to tell Andre's mother that he does not love Helen and that Helen and Andre should marry. And they do.





</doc>
<doc id="33898647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33898647" title="Please Help Emily">
Please Help Emily

Please Help Emily is 1917 American silent comedy-drama film starring Ann Murdock and directed by Dell Henderson. It is based on the 1916 Broadway play "Please Help Emily" that starred Ann Murdock. Charles Frohman's company, of whom Murdock was employed on the stage, produced the film and released it through Mutual Film. It is now a lost film.

As described in a film magazine, Professor Delmar (Druce) is sent to China to study child-life and decides to leave his daughter Emily (Murdock), who is always getting into trouble, with his good friends the Lethbridges. One night Emily runs away from a musicale and attends a cabaret. Not knowing how to explain matters and feeling sure that Trotters (McDougall), a friend, can help her out, she goes to his apartment. Waiting for him to return from the club, she takes a nap. Mrs. Lethbridge (Veness), not wishing her husband to know of Emily's escapade, tells him that Emily is staying with her aunt, who has the mumps. Trotter is told of the story and, wishing to make it good, plans to take Emily to her aunt's house. They stop at a hotel for lunch. Emily has her dog hidden and tells Trotter that it is lost and that she will not leave the hotel until it is found. Julia (Carlyle), the fiancée of Trotter, decides to visit the sick aunt. She is accompanied by Herbert Threadgold (Gottschalk) a nervous little body who is in love with Emily. Their automobile breaks down and they are forced to stay at the same hotel that Emily and Trotter are staying. Aunt Geraldine follows and they are all arrested for kidnapping Emily, but through the efforts of Lethbridge (Brown) they are all released. Julia marries Threadgold and, to avoid a scandal, Emily marries Trotter, not that either objects.




</doc>
<doc id="33899005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33899005" title="The Serpent's Tooth (1917 film)">
The Serpent's Tooth (1917 film)

The Serpent's Tooth is a 1917 American silent drama film starring Gail Kane from the stage and released through the Mutual Film company. It is a lost film.


Like many American films of the time, "The Serpent's Tooth" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. The Chicago Board of Censors, because of the plot involving drug use, gave the film an "adults only" permit and required cuts in Reel 1 of the first view of a woman in a low cut gown and two closer views of the same; in Reel 3 of the intertitle "You make her use it. Its grounds for divorce in this state." and the shot of man putting drug into the woman's medicine; in Reel 4 of the intertitle "You say you couldn't get any more. I have been more successful."; and in Reel 5 of the intertitles "Your damned lover is a liar." and "It's the drug that loves you - the drug I've fed her night and day," and the scene of the choking of the wife and knocking her down.



</doc>
<doc id="33899474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33899474" title="Souls in Pawn">
Souls in Pawn

Souls in Pawn is a 1917 American silent spy-drama film directed by Henry King and starring Gail Kane. Based on a story by Jules Furthman, it was released by Mutual Film.

As described in a film magazine review, Sebastian Dore (Dearholt) is mysteriously murdered in front of his home, and his beautiful wife Liane (Kane) vows revenge on the murderer. To this end she becomes a German spy for Karl, Prince von Kondermarck (MacLean), but the two fall in love. At the outbreak of war Karl is called to Germany, and Liane opens her home to wounded French soldiers. She accidentally learns that Karl is the murderer of her husband and plans to turn him over to the police. Before he leaves, Karl produces letters showing that Sebastian had betrayed his sister, and explains that Sebastian was accidentally shot in a struggle. Liane and Karl escape together on his yacht.




</doc>
<doc id="33899590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33899590" title="Buddy's Circus">
Buddy's Circus

Buddy's Circus is an American animated short film. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was released on November 8, 1934, although one source suggests as a date August 25 of the same year. It was supervised by Jack King; musical direction was by Norman Spencer.

We come to a balloon, in which float Buddy and several animals, including an elephant, a lion, and a bear. Buddy looks through a spy-glass to see a sign that says "Buddy's Circus will arrive at 2:00 P.M." Checking his watch, Buddy sees that the time is nigh: he releases from his arms a gaggle of stakes, which land perfectly in a circle completed by the sign, and which are hammered into the earth by an octopus, which then is flattened by the landing balloon, which seamlessly morphs into a circus tent. Two men set up walls outside the tent, and one of them begins welcoming patrons to the show.

"Professor" Buddy plays the tusks of his "Musical Elephants" as a xylophone and then pulls their tails to the production of a woodwind sound. Buddy introduces, in verse, the "Ubangi twins", two performers who can play one another as musical instruments; "Oscar the Ubangi-phone," who can play records with his mouth; "Elastiko the India-Rubber Man", whose body can stretch to great lengths and whose skull can take great punishment; "Asbesto the Human Stove", who eats eggs and then, by X-ray, demonstrates his natural ability to cook them within his digestive tract. But none of this is the "big show," to which Buddy happily welcomes all of his guests. We come to a two ring circus, where ringmaster Buddy precedes a kangaroo (or two) with a trumpet, and lions jump through smoke rings blown by a reclining clown. One performer subjects himself to being lifted by his teeth with a rope, which reveals them to be dentures, which come out of his mouth and the performer falls to the ground. A baby enjoys the show whilst munching Cracker Jack until he drops the box out of which he is eating into the stands. Endeavoring to retrieve the box, the child enters the underside of the seats and swings from patron's leg to patron's leg until he finds the ground, where he reaches for his found Cracker Jack box, all of whose spilled contents then are absorbed by a playful elephant, which then takes a merry baby onto its trunk.

Soon we see the baby behind the elephant's ear. The child is thrust into a dance routine with the elephant and another directly behind it. The baby sits on a teeter-totter on the stage and eats his Cracker Jack. A performer, who not a moment before hung from the nose rings of two trapeze artists, breaks the rings of those same and falls onto the upper side of the see-saw on whose lower side sits the small child: up goes the baby, into the air and onto the platform of a trapeze artist about to jump. The child grabs the ankles of the performer: another trapezist leaps from an opposite platform and catches, not the legs of his partner, but the baby thereon hanging. The trapeze artists swing such that the performer hanging onto the baby is stuck stretching the fabric of the child's garment: the man knocks down four tightrope walkers stacked on top of one another, and then falls on account of the garment breaking under the strain, and lands in the large brass horn of a band member, the which instrument's playing propels the performer upward, back to the baby, from whom he swiftly falls.

Amidst all this, the child's mother finally realizes that her baby is missing and on the grounds of the circus: Buddy, seeing that he must do something, climbs rapidly up a pole, and is followed by the boy's mother. Our Hero walks upon a net (presumably placed to catch trapeze artists), makes a lasso with a rope, and throws it to bring down the baby: the child resists, but comes down, pulling off the outer-clothing of the performer on whose legs he had been hanging. The baby lands in the net, but the force of his fall sends Buddy and the mother into the air; the two catch onto the same performer, and are followed by the baby; the trapezist swings, causing the child to have to catch on to the other trapeze bar, and the infant is followed by Buddy and the mother, who, as a result, are hanging in air by the legs of the baby. A bicyclist rides by on the tightrope, but is knocked off by the low-hanging Buddy and the baby's mother, who ride, Buddy on the mother's shoulders, in pursuit of the baby, still hanging by the trapeze. But the bicycle crashes, and Buddy, the baby, and his mother are sent through the fabric of the tent: the baby lands in some water, Buddy and the lady the neck of a giraffe, down which they slide in order to safely reach the ground. Mother calls for her child, Buddy futilely searches; a sobbing mother is then comforted by Buddy. Just then, the water into which the baby fell is revealed to be the home of a hippopotamus, in whose mouth the baby safely and happily sits. The mother takes her child from an obliging hippo, and the reunited two dance, in a circle, with Buddy.

The dating in this article follows the chronology given in the article Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1929-1939). As noted above, the chronological release list given as an appendix in Leonard Maltin's "Of Mice and Magic" gives as the release date 8 November 1933. The same list, of course, gives a similarly conflicting order of release for Buddy's shorts: according to Maltin's book, the order, after "Buddy's Bearcats" and before "Buddy of the Legion" is "Buddy the Detective", followed by "Buddy the Woodsman", "Buddy's Circus", "Viva Buddy", "Buddy's Adventures", "Buddy the Dentist", "Buddy's Pony Express", and "Buddy's Theatre", after which Wikipedia and Maltin's book agree on the order and dates of release.

"Buddy's Circus" is featured on disc three of the "". Along with "Buddy's Day Out" and "Buddy's Beer Garden", it is one of only three Buddy cartoons so honored.



</doc>
<doc id="33899700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33899700" title="Convoy (1927 film)">
Convoy (1927 film)

Convoy is a lost 1927 American silent World War I drama starring Lowell Sherman and Dorothy Mackaill and released through First National Pictures. The film is an early producing credit for the Halperin Brothers, Victor and Edward, later of "White Zombie" fame, and is the final screen appearance of Broadway stars Gail Kane and Vincent Serrano.

The Alfred Hitchcock film "Notorious" (1946) was based on the same story, originally published in "The Saturday Evening Post".

"The Song of the Dragon", is a story by John Taintor Foote, which appeared as a two-part serial in "The Saturday Evening Post" in November 1921. Set during World War I in New York City, The film tells the tale of a theatrical producer approached by federal agents who want his assistance in recruiting an actress he once had a relationship with to seduce the leader of a gang of enemy saboteurs.




</doc>
<doc id="33908003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33908003" title="Hungry Hoboes">
Hungry Hoboes

Hungry Hoboes (alternate spelling: "Hungry Hobos") is a silent animated short released by Universal studios in 1928. The short features Oswald the Lucky Rabbit and Peg Leg Pete as the title characters, who hop trains in search of food.

Having been lost since before World War II, the short was rediscovered in 2011 in the Huntley Film Archives, and was later purchased by the Walt Disney Company for $31,250. 
It was then restored in a year-long digital restoration. "Hungry Hoboes" re-debuted in at the Telluride Film Festival, on September 2, 2012, as part of a special animation shorts program presented by leading film historian and restoration expert Serge Bromberg.



</doc>
<doc id="33916586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33916586" title="The Brand of Cowardice">
The Brand of Cowardice

The Brand of Cowardice is a 1916 silent film starring Lionel Barrymore and released through Metro Pictures. It is a lost film.





</doc>
<doc id="33916866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33916866" title="The Massacre (film)">
The Massacre (film)

The Massacre is a 1912 American silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and released by Biograph Studios. The film stars Blanche Sweet and Wilfred Lucas. The film was shot in 1912 and released in Europe that year, but not released in the United States until 1914.


"unbilled"




</doc>
<doc id="33917158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33917158" title="Classmates (1914 film)">
Classmates (1914 film)

Classmates is a 1914 silent film directed by James Kirkwood for the Biograph Company. It is based on the 1907 stage play "Classmates" by Margaret Turnbull and William C. deMille. It was shot in Jacksonville, Florida at the end of 1913.

The film is extant today as the result of a paper print in the Library of Congress. It was shown at Cinefest 2012.


"unbilled"




</doc>
<doc id="33917473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33917473" title="Wildfire (1915 film)">
Wildfire (1915 film)

Wildfire is a 1915 silent drama film produced by the Shuberts and distributed by World Pictures. It is based on the 1908 Broadway play "Wildfire" by George V. Hobart and George Broadhurst. The play had starred the famous Lillian Russell, who, in a rare screen appearance, reprised her role here. It was remade in 1925 with Aileen Pringle. Surviving prints are missing the third reel and the ending.

According to the American Film Institute catalog, this film was shot at the Peerless Studios.

John Keefe, a gambler, shoots and kills Robert Barrington in an argument over a card game. Keefe steals Barrington's papers and forges a bill of sale to himself for Barrington's stable of race horses back east. The stable includes the prize filly, Wildfire. Meanwhile, Barrington's daughters, Henrietta and Myrtle, are becoming worried about their father's long absence in the West. John Garrison, the sheriff of the town in which Barrington was killed, goes East to investigate. He suspects Keefe (now called John Duffy) and begins to build a case, causing Henrietta to become suspicious. Keefe, realizing that the game is almost up, tries to get Wildfire's jockey to throw the big race, but Henrietta saves the day and Wildfire wins.




</doc>
<doc id="33918138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33918138" title="Buddy the Detective">
Buddy the Detective

Buddy the Detective is an American animated short film. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. The short was released on October 17, 1934, though the date would seem to be in dispute as one source gives the date as September 15. The short was supervised by Jack King. Musical direction was by Bernard Brown.

The film opens to an old house on a barren hill; within sits the Mad Musician at his piano, playing Rachmaninoff's Prelude in C-sharp minor, Op. 3, No. 2. A tree branch climbs through the window, and, at the Musician's magical behest, plays the keys. But the branch's playing of "Shake your Powder Puff" visibly disappoints the Musician, who then plays some more, disappoints himself, and cries out for inspiration, laughing madly: he walks over to a table, taps the bottom of a bottle, and out pops a frog, which the Musician bewitches, as the branch before, into playing. But the frog disappoints his master with a rendition of "Amaryllis", and so happily leaps off of the keys and away into a picture of a pond. The Musician makes a portrait of a man in uniform to play a violin, which the painted figure breaks, to the Mad Musician's further aggravation. The cackling madman stalks about in contemplation.

We come then to a newspaper headline: "Extra! Mad Musician Escapes!" And who should be reading the paper but Cookie? We come back to the Musician, who opens a telephone directory and chooses, at random, a name: who but Cookie at 00 1/2 Cornbread Avenue? The musician calls Cookie, and, over the phone, magically entices her (a tough customer, he admits!) to come to him: Cookie stalks out the door, but Bozo the Dog remains. Bozo sniffs about for a trail and then rushes off to find Buddy. Our Hero sits at home, in a chair, admiring a picture of Cookie. Bozo knocks over Buddy's chair, breaks the frame of the photograph and yelps wildly at Buddy. Buddy at first, can not decipher what Cookie's pet wants him to know, until Bozo picks up the picture of Cookie. Buddy then dons an outfit resembling that of Sherlock Holmes and rushes out the door with Bozo.

Meanwhile, the Musician commands Cookie to play, at the piano, the same prelude that "he" attempted before, to flawed success: Cookie devolves, to her master's consternation, into a rendition of the jazzy "Hey, Sailor!" Buddy the sleuth finds the house, and burns a rectangular hole in the locked door by shining a flashlight through his magnifying glass. The audience gets to see that this is a haunted house; a gremlin creeps into Buddy's flashlight and spooks Bozo. Skeletons creep about, getting themselves water, which passes directly through them, from a water cooler, and opening umbrellas that are, as they, mere skeletons. The dog chases a skeleton into a wall, where it breaks apart.

A curtain flies off of an open window as a result of the gust outside and Bozo slips on it into the next room, taking Buddy with him. The dog rushes through a threshold, but Buddy is knocked upwards onto a balcony, from which he can clearly see Cookie when she briefly emerges from a doorway to scream for help. Buddy finds his way over the balcony and knocks on the very door, but the Musician peeks out of a little hole in the top and taunts Our Hero. The door is locked, so Buddy simply picks up a nearby door and drops it next to the one through which he wishes to enter the room. Easily attaining access in this clever fashion, Buddy spies the Musician still standing at the door, unaware of his enemy's entrance.

Buddy kicks the Mad Musician in the back side, and a fight ensues! Buddy kicks the villain through the door, which spins about as if on an axis, and flips the Musician back into the room. The Musician finds Buddy, but Buddy quickly grabs his opponent's hair and spins him around, freeing him only to knocks him into a wall. Buddy puts a small playing stool on the stunned villain's back and spins the top part. The stool's midsection extends from the Musician's back to the ceiling, thus trapping him on the floor. Cookie, saved, thanks her sweetheart, and begins to play the Rachmaninoff piece, but swiftly changes to the same jazzy piece that she played before and that the villain clearly cannot stand!

In addition to Cookie's name, the names of three Schlesinger employees appear in the Musician's phone directory: R. Clampett, Ben Clopton, and Manny Corral, a cameraman.

As is characteristic only of those Buddy cartoons directed by Jack King (though not all of them), Cookie has braided blond hair.

In keeping with the article Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1929–39), the date here given for the release of this cartoon is September 15; this conflicts with the information given in the appendix of Leonard Maltin's "Of Mice and Magic" (see references below.) For more on this discrepancy and others, see the Release date discrepancy section of the article Buddy's Circus.



</doc>
<doc id="33918513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33918513" title="Baby Mine (1917 film)">
Baby Mine (1917 film)

Baby Mine is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by both John S. Robertson and Hugo Ballin and starring Madge Kennedy. The picture marked Kennedy's screen debut and was one of the first films produced by Samuel Goldwyn as an independent after founding his own studio.

The film is based on a 1910 Broadway play "Baby Mine" by Margaret Mayo. The story was filmed once again as "Baby Mine" (1928) with Charlotte Greenwood at MGM, the successor to Goldwyn Pictures. This version, however, at one time thought lost, is held in the French archive Cinematheque Francais.

As described in a film magazine, Alfred (Morgan) catches his wife Zoie (Kennedy) in so many lies that he leaves home and establishes an office in Boston. He is very fond of children so Zoie and Jimmie's wife Aggie (Adams) conspire to tell him that an heir has arrived, with Zoie planning on adopting a baby. Before arrangements have been completed for the baby's adoption, Alfred arrives home, necessitating the stealing of a child from a foundling home. The mother of the baby, however, sets up such a rumpus that they decide to return it and borrow the washerwoman's new-born babe, one of a set of twins. More complications result when Jimmie (Cumberland) comes in with the other twin, followed by the washerwoman's husband demanding his children back. While the three babies are being cooed over by Alfred, who believes he is the father of triplets, the respective parents arrive and claim their children.

Like many American films of the time, "Baby Mine" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. The Chicago Board of Censors ordered cut a closeup of money.



</doc>
<doc id="33918725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33918725" title="Nearly Married">
Nearly Married

Nearly Married is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Chester Withey and starring Madge Kennedy. It is based on a 1913 stage play of the same name by Edgar Selwyn. It also featured an early film appearance by future gossip columnist Hedda Hopper.

The Library of Congress's new (Dec. 2013) "American Silent Feature Film Survival Database" has this film listed as being an abridgement in their collection.

As described in a film magazine, on the evening of Betty Griffon's (Kennedy) scheduled wedding the guests are assembled, the minister is waiting, but no bride appears. Betty is waiting for her brother Dick (Barthelmess), who is out celebrating his admission to the bar. When it dawns on him that it is his duty to give his sister away in marriage, he rushes out, steals an automobile, and is arrested. Betty and Harry Lindsey (Thomas) are married and are about to leave on their honeymoon when word comes of Dick's arrest. Harry is disgusted by Dick and leaves the house. Dick, anxious to secure a legal case, urges his sister to get a divorce. Legal proceedings are instituted but before the granting of the decree the couple find that they still love each other so plan to elope. The arrival of Dick with the divorce decree upsets this plan. They start to make another attempt at marriage but discover that, due to the insertion of a clause in the decree by Betty, they cannot get remarried in New York. The couple then plan to get married in New Jersey, but Betty finds Harry's hired co-respondent for the divorce in his room, so Betty refuses to accompany him. Utterly disgusted, Harry is about to leave when Betty denounces her brother and begs Harry to take her with him, which he does.




</doc>
<doc id="33919329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33919329" title="Yolanda (film)">
Yolanda (film)

Yolanda is a 1924 silent historical film drama produced by William Randolph Hearst (through his Cosmopolitan Productions) and starring Marion Davies. Robert G. Vignola directed as he had "Enchantment" (1921) and several other Davies costume films. The film is extant at Cinematheque de Belgique and the Museum of Modern Art and a trailer survives at the Library of Congress. The film began production as a Metro-Goldwyn film, with the company becoming Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in May 1924.

This was the second Marion Davies vehicle produced by Cosmopolitan from a Charles Major novel, the first being the phenomenally successful (and expensive) "When Knighthood Was in Flower" in 1922. Unlike "Knighthood", "Yolanda" was not financially successful.


unbilled

In her 18th film, Marion Davies starred in another dual role: as Princess Mary of Burgundy and as Yolanda. Joseph Urban designed the mammoth sets which covered an city block on 2nd Avenue in New York. Exhibitors Herald noted it was the largest movie set ever built on the East Coast. This was the final Davies film Robert G. Vignola would direct. This was also the only pairing of Davies and Ralph Graves. While the film did well in big cities, that success did not extend to small towns and the film was generally considered a failure. It was just too similar to When Knighthood Was in Flower.



</doc>
<doc id="33919890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33919890" title="Polly of the Circus (1917 film)">
Polly of the Circus (1917 film)

Polly of the Circus is a 1917 American silent drama film notable as the first film produced by Samuel Goldwyn after founding his studio Goldwyn Pictures. This film starred Mae Marsh, usually an actress for D.W. Griffith, but now under contract to Goldwyn for a series of films. The film was based on a 1907 Broadway play by Margaret Mayo which starred Mabel Taliaferro. Presumably when MGM remade the film in 1932 with Marion Davies, they still owned the screen rights inherited from the 1924 merger by Marcus Loew of the Metro, Goldwyn, and Louis B. Mayer studios.

This film marks the first appearance of Slats, the lion mascot of Goldwyn Pictures and (after the company's 1924 merger) Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

As described in a film magazine, the parents of Polly (Marsh), a little horseback rider, are dead, and circus performers Jim (Playter) and Toby (Eldridge) are her sponsors. One night while performing Polly is thrown from her horse and injured. She is taken to the home of parson John Douglas (Steele), and the circus is forced to leave without her. The parson finds in Polly someone different than anyone in his flock, but his liking for the circus rider does not please the members of the congregation. They force Polly to leave and she reenters the circus, but thoughts of the parson make her unhappy. After a year's separation, the circus comes to town again. Douglas has not forgotten his little circus performer, and one night he goes to the tent to visit her. She tries to send him away, but he will not go. The circus tents catch fire, and in the general confusion and wreckage, Douglas and Jim bring Polly to safety. In the arms of the parson, Polly bids her circus friends goodbye.


The film was once thought to be lost, the last copy destroyed in the 1965 MGM vault fire. However, a copy of it was found amid a collection of silent films buried in permafrost in Dawson City, Yukon, in 1978. The Public Archives of Canada / Dawson City Collection possesses a print of this example of an early Goldwyn feature.

"Polly of the Circus" was released on Region 0 DVD-R by Alpha Video on January 28, 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="33922186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33922186" title="Keystone Hotel (film)">
Keystone Hotel (film)

Keystone Hotel (1935) is a two-reel comedy short subject, directed by Ralph Staub and released by the Vitaphone Corporation through Warner Bros. Pictures. Inspired by the silent comedies produced by Mack Sennett, the film reunites many of Sennett's former stars.

The story follows the cross-eyed Count Drewa Blanc (Ben Turpin), who arrives at the busy Keystone Hotel to judge a fashion show.

In the hotel lobby, the chief of police (Ford Sterling), the mayor (Chester Conklin), and a gangster (Dewey Robinson) try to sway the Count's decision. Upstairs, the house detective (Hank Mann) investigates some marital shenanigans, some involving a vibrating exercise machine.

The fashion show is held in a banquet hall, where the hotel manager (Bert Roach) introduces the contestants. The winner is chosen, but the myopic Count awards the trophy to the wrong woman. The winner protests, "How "dare" you give it to her when "I" should get it!" She does—an airborne pie misses its target and hits her. This prompts a huge pie fight, and the hotel detective sends for the Keystone Kops. The Kops spring into action and encounter several detours and difficulties before crashing into the hotel.

"Keystone Hotel" was staged so effectively that later silent-comedy tribute films have included footage from "Keystone Hotel" without the soundtrack as an "authentic" Keystone comedy. The film was so successful that Warner Bros. wanted to make a series with the same principals, but the actors' agents demanded too much money so the idea was abandoned. "Keystone Hotel" was reissued to theaters in 1947 and to the home-movie market in 1967.



</doc>
<doc id="33935164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33935164" title="Rolled Stockings">
Rolled Stockings

Rolled Stockings (1927) is a silent film comedy produced and distributed by Paramount Pictures, directed by Richard Rosson, and starring Louise Brooks.

The film is currently considered a lost film.




</doc>
<doc id="33935500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33935500" title="Evening Clothes">
Evening Clothes

Evening Clothes is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Luther Reed that was produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount.

The film is based on the play "L'homme en habit" ("The Man in Evening Clothes") by Andre Picard and Yves Mirande. Directed by Luther Reed, the film starred Adolphe Menjou, Virginia Valli, and Louise Brooks and is currently considered a lost film.

As part of Paramount's production of multiple-language versions of its films, two remakes were made in 1931 at the Joinville Studios in Paris, the Spanish-language film "A Gentleman in Tails" and the French-language film "The Man in Evening Clothes".




</doc>
<doc id="33935915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33935915" title="Just Another Blonde">
Just Another Blonde

Just Another Blonde (also known as The Girl From Coney Island) is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy/adventure film distributed by First National Pictures. Based on the short story "Even Stev'en" by Gerald Beaumont, the film was directed by Alfred Santell and stars Dorothy Mackaill, Jack Mulhall and Louise Brooks. An incomplete print of the film is preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.





</doc>
<doc id="33936347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33936347" title="Kosher Kitty Kelly">
Kosher Kitty Kelly

Kosher Kitty Kelly is a 1926 silent film comedy drama produced by Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr.(Robertson-Cole) and distributed by Film Booking Offices of America (FBO).

This film is based on a stage musical "Kosher Kitty Kelly" by Leon De Costa. The film stars Viola Dana and is preserved at the Library of Congress missing a reel.




</doc>
<doc id="33938064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33938064" title="Wildfire (1925 film)">
Wildfire (1925 film)

Wildfire is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by T. Hayes Hunter. It was produced by Distinctive Productions, a company founded by George Arliss, and distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America. The film stars Aileen Pringle.

The film is based on the successful 1908 play "Wildfire" that had starred Lillian Russell on Broadway and a young actor just starting out named Irving Cummings, later a silent director. The story had been filmed before in 1915 with "Lillian Russell" herself and Lionel Barrymore.


This film survives in the Library of Congress collection and at UCLA Film and Television Archive.



</doc>
<doc id="33938151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33938151" title="Buddy the Woodsman">
Buddy the Woodsman

Buddy the Woodsman is an American animated short film, released October 20, 1934. It is a "Looney Tunes" cartoon, featuring Buddy, the second star of the series. It was supervised by Jack King; musical direction was by Bernard Brown.

A tree comes down in a forest and several lumberjacks hack away at it with their axes. To the side, two lumberjacks, one a muscular man, the other one rather scrawny, chop at a tree, but only the larger man makes any progress. The skinny fellow prances off to a tiny sapling and with some effort chops it down, only to end up with pieces of it stuck to his head. The pieces resemble antlers. The lumber men have several inventive methods for chopping trees: one, involving a tractor-like vehicle with a large saw protruding from its side, leads to the felling of a guard tower in the forest!

The scene switches to Buddy, who, upon chopping a tree with his axe, sends such a shake upwards that a mother and father bird are forced to remove their nest and babies from the tree top and carry the nest elsewhere. Some time obviously passes, for in the next scene, Buddy has already succeeded in felling the trunk. Merrily whistling away, Our Hero next gently glides a lawnmower-like device across a fallen trunk, in the process creating many toothpicks, which he then dumps into a truck, yelling to the driver: "Take it away!" Using a saw as though it were a jump rope, Buddy cuts a standing tree into several smaller pieces.

Buddy so goads a goat that the creature chases him. The goat's horns cut through the suspended logs atop which Buddy runs from the pursuing creature. Eventually, the goat rams headfirst into a tree, and gets incapacitated. Buddy then carries an armful of small logs, but drops them, upon tripping, just perfectly that they are arranged across a wooden stand as a xylophone, which Buddy then plays by means of two axes: a totem pole comes to life and dances for the lumberjacks. The hard-working men are called to supper: enthusiastically, they wash up. A song before the meal: "I Open the Old Northwest", with Buddy at the piano. Cookie serves the men their spaghetti.

As the men enjoy their food, a bear (with ears like those of Mickey Mouse) enters the dining cabin through its chimney; the men disappear (almost inexplicably, through the floorboards), leaving Cookie to scold the unwelcome beast. Having no success, Cookie hides and calls Buddy, who punches the bear in the nose, causing it to fall backwards into a stove and catch a stovepipe on its wounded snout. Now the bear is mad! Buddy throws hot pepper at the incensed creature, causing it to sneeze all of the dishes on the table back into place on a nearby shelf. A chase ensues. Reemerging, Cookie fires a shotgun at the bear's behind, causing the bear's focus to change. Buddy tosses the playing stool (which had been sitting at the piano) at the bear, and, in an inveterate gag, the stool's midsection extends underneath the bear that the invader is lifted out of the building (through the roof); the bear runs off as Buddy & Cookie, at the piano, sing "The Bear Went over the Mountain".

The article Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1929-1939) & Leonard Maltin's "Of Mice and Magic", hereinafter cited, both claim October 20 as this cartoon's release date; however, conflicts arise as to the "order" in which the cartoons featuring Buddy were released. For more on this issue see the relevant section of the article Buddy's Circus.

Cookie, who usually here has blond, braided hair. This occurs only in those shorts directed by Jack King, though not all of them.



</doc>
<doc id="33938614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33938614" title="Stephen Steps Out">
Stephen Steps Out

Stephen Steps Out is a lost 1923 American silent comedy film that is notable as being the first starring role for the still teenaged Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.. Directed by Joseph Henabery, it was based on a short story by Richard Harding Davis, "The Grand Cross of the Desert." This is a lost film.
With this film the young Fairbanks Jr. opted for a screen career despite opposition from his famous father, Douglas Fairbanks.

"I was terribly chubby," recalled Fairbanks Jr. "Did it for the money. When my parents separated, it was hardly amicable and mother and I needed to eat. Movie companies were willing to exploit my famous name. I didn't really understand that at the time."




</doc>
<doc id="33949342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33949342" title="Peach O'Reno">
Peach O'Reno

Peach-O-Reno is a 1931 pre-Production Code comedy film starring Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Dorothy Lee, and Zelma O'Neal. It was released on Christmas Day of 1931.

A copy is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.

Aggie Bruno (Cora Witherspoon) has had enough of her husband, Joe (Joseph Cawthorn), and decides to get a divorce in Reno. She meets with lawyers Wattles and Swift (Wheeler and Woolsey), the latter of the two agreeing to represent Aggie in court. Swift suggests that Aggie be "caught" with another man. Meanwhile, Joe Bruno has also headed to Reno, and is being represented in court by Wattles. Wattles suggests that Joe be "caught" with another woman.

Meanwhile, Ace Crosby (Mitchell Harris), an angry Arizona gambler, wants to shoot Wattles for representing his wife in a previous divorce case. Swift suggests that Wattles dress as a woman in order to avoid being found by the gambler. That evening, Wattles and Swift do the same thing that they do every evening: turn their office into a casino. Swift arrives at the casino pretending to be Aggie Bruno's love interest. To add to the confusion, Wattles (dressed as a woman) shows up with Joe Bruno, pretending to be his love interest.


(cast as per AFI database

A rather notorious scene involving a wrestling match between Julis Swift (Robert Woolsey) and Pansy Bruno (Zelma O'Neal) was cut from the film.

According to RKO records, the film made a profit of $90,000.

"Peach-O-Reno" was released with "Girl Crazy" on DVD by Warner Brothers on December 17, 2010.



</doc>
<doc id="33950187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=33950187" title="Fifty-Fifty (1916 film)">
Fifty-Fifty (1916 film)

Fifty-Fifty is an American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan whose story was adapted for the screen by Robert Shirley. The Fine Arts Film Company production was made under the aegis of Triangle Film Corporation which released it on October 22, 1916. The leading roles are played by Norma Talmadge, J. W. Johnston, and Marie Chambers. A print of the film is in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.

The title, which refers to the community property division of marital assets in divorce proceedings, foretells the dissolution of the union between financially secure Frederick Harmon (J. W. Johnston) and Naomi (Norma Talmadge), a fun-loving uninhibited artist whom her Bohemian artist friends affectionately reference as "the Nut". The "other woman" (Marie Chambers), intent on misleading Harmon as to his wife's virtue and intentions completes the triangle. The matter comes up for a resolution in front of a wise and experienced family court judge.


A 1925 remake also titled "Fifty-fifty", set the story in Paris and New York, had a French director, Henri Diamant-Berger, and starred Hope Hampton, Lionel Barrymore and Louise Glaum.



</doc>
