<doc id="42665544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42665544" title="Nephilim (film)">
Nephilim (film)

Nephilim is an upcoming action film starring Gulshan Grover and written and directed by Danny Wilson. The film is the first in a trilogy.

A war between good and evil starts with a revolt of fallen angels. The emphasis of the origins of evil in the world is shifted over to the Nephilim from an Adam-based explanation, and developed on that premise. An alliance of various intelligent beings come together to confront this upraising of fallen angels and the effort to alter and enslave humans.


At the 2013 Mumbai Film and Comic Con Gulshan Grover, Danny Wilson, and Vishwas Valvi gave an interview to Animation Xpress in which was released that this is the first time in animation history where the animation is built around the actor. Grover explains that this is the first time for him to work in a studio where, instead of one camera, there were 30 cameras. The producer and director were able to approve of each scene that was shot before moving on.


</doc>
<doc id="42679363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42679363" title="Love, Lies and Seeta">
Love, Lies and Seeta

Love, Lies and Seeta is a 2012 Indian-American independent romantic comedy film written, produced, directed by Chandra Pemmaraju. Starring Melanie Kannokada, Arjun Gupta, Lavrenti Lopes, Michael Derek, it is built around three distinctly different guys all of whom pine for the same beautiful girl. The movie premiered at the India International Film Festival (IIFF) of Tampa Bay in Florida and went on to play in various international film festivals before having a limited theatrical release in India on May 18, 2012 by Cinemax. The film marks Melanie Kannokada's debut as lead in a feature film.

"Love Lies and Seeta" is a romantic musical comedy that envelopes four characters and their friends as they experience their 2010 summer in New York City. The movie follows the lives of the three male leads: “The Bollywood hero,” Arjun Gupta, “The Rock Star,” Michael Derek, and “The Hipster Geek,” Lavrenti Lopes who have all independently met the beautiful Seeta (Melanie Kannokada) at different stages in their lives. As the three men’s friendships grow, a chance encounter with Seeta makes them all realize that they have fallen in love with the same woman. They reach out to their friends outside the group to cope with falling in love with Seeta. The love triangle envelops the characters and their friends. The city backdrop depicts a New York Summer and makes its urban-natural beauty an important supporting character.


The film was shot completely in Manhattan and Brooklyn in NYC with an ensemble Indian American cast. The movie was produced in micro-budget and shot on location using sync sound. The movie is first of its kind where it was funded and supported by film enthusiasts. By using crowd sourcing method the producers raised all the money for its production.

The film features original music by various Independent musicians including Robopop, Timblane, New Life Crisis, Matt Hartke, La Dauphine and Wiredbeats.

On May 18, 2012, Cinemax Motion Pictures Pvt Ltd, India released the film theatrically on a limited basis in the Indian sub-continent. The film will be distributed by NYC based The Vladar Company in digital North American regions.

The Times of India gave the movie a rating of 1 out of 5 and said that, "Director of this Indie-film, Chandra Pemmaraju, set out to make a love story against the backdrop of an electrifying NYC, but ended up with a film which reminds you of a bad episode of an American sitcom." Blessy Chettiar of DNA India gave the film a rating of 1 out of 5 and said that, "Love Lies and Seeta could have been a commendable indie effort. The lack of a watertight screenplay and very casual treatment reduces it to one of those amateur film school projects." "Bollywood Life" criticized the acting as well as execution of the film and said that, "Actors are uncomfortable and lack energy, making the film boring".

"Love Lies and Seeta" was the closing night feature at the India International Film Festival (IIFF) of Tampa Bay in Florida in February 2012, and was opening night feature film in Art of Brooklyn International Film Festival in NY, August 2012. It played in various film festivals such as, NewFilmmakers Film Festival, New York; Riverside International Film Festival, CA; won the Award of Merit in Indie Fest, USA; Won an Honorary Mention Award in Los Angeles New Wave Indie Fest and was a part of NFDC Film Bazaar at International Film Festival of India, Goa. The movie also played in Mumbai Film market and was nominated for the Best Film, Best Direction, Best Cinematography and Best Actor categories at the World Music & Independent Film Festival 2012, Washington D.C.



</doc>
<doc id="42680399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42680399" title="Discopath">
Discopath

Discopath () is a 2013 Canadian film directed by Renaud Gauthier. The film is about Duane Lewis, a New York cook who becomes insane when hearing disco music. After murdering a woman in a club, Duane travels to Montreal where he continues his killing spree. "Discopath" premiered in Canada at the Fantasia Film Festival.

"Discopath" is the debut feature film from Renaud Gauthier.

The film had its world premiere at the Fantasia Film Festival in Montreal on August 3, 2013.
"Discopath" has its American premiere at the October 12, 2013 at the American Cinematheque, where it was shown with "Pieces" and "Prom Night".

"Screen Daily" referred to the "Discopath" as "an enjoyable oddball genre blending, fun while it lasts but ultimately too niche to make much of an impact, unless with horror fans." "The Hollywood Reporter" stated, "Semi-campy slasher pic is for genre fetishists only," and, "It's hard not to feel that Gauthier cares more about mimicking the style of giallo's greatest hits than about telling a story." Indiewire gave the film a D- rating, citing poor quality dubbing and production values as well as stating, "This is the type of movie that used to be made all the time, by quick-change artists capitalizing on a couple of random trends. But at least there was a genuine sleaze element at work, and the idea that there was a genuine approach and vision that emerged from a generic incompetence with cameras, framing and effects. Now, it’s just an intentional throwback, wrapping everything in intentional artifice to preserve something that was appealing for being primitive and not particularly thought-out. You can't go home again."



</doc>
<doc id="42693399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42693399" title="Oil Sands Karaoke">
Oil Sands Karaoke

Oil Sands Karaoke is a 2013 feature documentary film directed by Charles Wilkinson. The film follows five people working in or around the infamous Athabasca oil sands of Northern Alberta as they compete in a karaoke contest held at local watering hole Bailey's Pub. The film was produced by Wilkinson and Tina Schliessler, and executive produced by Kevin Eastwood and Knowledge Network's Murray Battle.

"Oil Sands Karaoke" focuses on the people who live and work around Alberta's oil sands project, whose voices are rarely heard in the debates about the economic value and environmental cost of the project.

As the five featured workers progress through the stages of the karaoke contest, singing pop favourites from Creedence Clearwater Revival to Britney Spears, they explain through interviews how and why they came to work in the oil industry, and how it has impacted their lives. Some are dismissive of the opinions of "environmentalists". Others say they are aware of the destructive impact that the oil industry has on the environment, but without the lucrative salaries available from the oil companies, their debts and financial obligations would be too much to bear. All feel that singing helps relieve the stress of long hours working heavy equipment, or the loneliness of living in a remote industrial town.

Director Wilkinson believes the vicious tone of the debate over the oil sands has precluded any meaningful discussion. "There's so much shouting that we don't talk," he says. "...there are human beings involved. We need to talk about this stuff, but we should maybe try to be a bit more polite with each other."

Dan Debrabandre works as a haul truck driver. The mining truck that he drives, a Caterpillar 797, is one of the biggest motorized vehicles ever invented and can hold up to 500 tons of bitumen-laced dirt. Prior to working in the oil sands, Dan pursued a career as a country singer, but family and financial obligations made him give up on his recording dreams. Dan says he is grateful for all the financial and emotional support his friends and family gave him while he worked on his music, and part of the reason he works a lucrative oil sands job is to pay them back.

Brandy Willier is another haul truck operator from idyllic High Prairie, Alberta. When Brandy was young, she lived on a first nations reserve with her parents, developing a love of singing from listening to her father play guitar. However, Brandy's father died when she was only seven which began a long period of struggle and instability for her and her mother. She credits her truck driving job with giving her life stability, although she finds Fort McMurray to be a lonely place.

Massey Whiteknife is a First Nations entrepreneur who owns the multimillion-dollar ICEIS group of companies in Alberta. Iceis Rain is Massey's alter-ego, a drag queen in thigh-high boots who belts out a memorable cover of "Purple Rain". Iceis came to life as part of Massey's recovery from dissociative post-traumatic stress disorder, which he suffered due to violence and abuse in his childhood and teens. Massey believes he was the first gay man to come out in blue-collar Fort McMurray, and his company now sponsors multiple charitable programs, including a drag show, to combat bullying and homophobia.

Chad Ellis works in the Suncor plant as a scaffolder. A talented entertainer, he dreams of becoming a full-time singer but realizes that he has to make a secure living somehow. As a child, Chad's religious family prompted him to sing in their church choir. When he was older, he recorded in a basement studio, and eventually began performing opening acts for singers such as Tone Loc. He stopped performing and moved to Fort McMurray after a violent conflict with a partner's ex-boyfriend. He now sings in the local karaoke scene for fun.

Jason Sauchuk is a soft-spoken fan of videogames who trained as a computer programmer, but joined his father in the heavy equipment industry after school. While working with his father, he incurred debt supporting a girlfriend with children. His partner turned out to be unfaithful and they separated, and company layoffs cost him his previous job. Now he works as a haul truck driver, a job lucrative enough to help him dig himself out of debt.

"Oil Sands Karaoke" had its world premiere on April 26, 2013 at Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival in Toronto. The Western Canadian premiere took place at The Vancouver International Film Festival on October 4, 2013.

The film also screened at the Calgary International Film Festival, Yorkton Film Festival, Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, and Available Light Film Festival and had a limited theatrical run in Fort McMurray, Vancouver, Toronto, Ottawa, Winnipeg, and Regina.

"Oil Sands Karaoke" had its television broadcast premiere on May 6, 2014 on Knowledge Network. The film had its Ontario broadcast premiere on January 21, 2015 on TVOntario.

The film was received favourably by several notable documentary critics:

Marsha Lederman of "The Globe and Mail" wrote: "Poignant and beautifully shot, the film takes pains not to judge as it paints a dignified portraits of the boom town and the workers".
Katherine Monk wrote in the Vancouver Sun that it has “All the suspense of The Voice, all the emotional conflict of American Idol and all the beauty of The Road.”
Greg Klymkiw named it one of his Hot Docs Hot Picks for 2013, and called it "a thing of genuine beauty...quite unlike any documentary about the environment that you'll ever see."
Nicholas Gergesha of Point of View Magazine wrote "...filmmakers Charles Wilkinson and Tina Schliessler generate a meaningful and multifaceted discussion about the environment, the economy and the often-ignored human element in a destructive industry."
The Huffington Post's Sarah Kurchak lauds Wilkinson as "a filmmaker dedicated to pushing past all of the misinformation and rhetoric surrounding environmental issues and getting to the heart of the matter..."

At the 2014 Yorkton Film Festival, the film received two Golden Sheaf Awards: Best Documentary (Science/Nature/Technology), and Best Director (Non-Fiction).



</doc>
<doc id="42695673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42695673" title="Insidious: Chapter 3">
Insidious: Chapter 3

Insidious: Chapter 3 is a 2015 supernatural horror film written and directed by Leigh Whannell in his directorial debut. The film is a prequel to the first two films and the third installment in the "Insidious" franchise. The film stars Dermot Mulroney and Stefanie Scott, with Angus Sampson, Whannell, and Lin Shaye reprising their roles from the previous films.

By September 2013, a third installment in the Insidious series was announced, with Whannell signed on to return as writer and Jason Blum and Oren Peli set to produce. Screen Rant reported that the third film would not focus on the Lamberts, but on a new family and story, and would not connect to the last scene in the second film. Principal photography began on July 9, 2014, in Los Angeles under the title "Into The Further", on a scheduled 29-day shoot. Filming wrapped on August 18, 2014.

The film was released on June 5, 2015, received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $113 million against a budget of $11 million. A sequel, "", was released in January 2018.

Several years before the Lambert haunting, teenager Quinn Brenner meets with retired demonologist Elise Rainier. Elise reluctantly agrees to try and contact the spirit of Quinn's mother, Lily, who died one year prior. However, Elise urges Quinn not to try and contact her mother again after sensing a malevolent force. After auditioning for a school for the performing arts, Quinn sees a mysterious figure waving to her from the distance on the street. Distracted, she is hit by a car, having both of her legs broken in the process. 

Now stuck in her home with her father Sean and brother Alex, Quinn begins to experience increasingly disturbing paranormal phenomena, including seeing visions of a dark spirit wearing an oxygen mask known as the "Man Who Can't Breathe"—the same figure that caused her accident. One of Quinn's neighbors, an elderly woman with dementia who had previously said several confusing and cryptic things to her about the "Man Who Can't Breathe", passes away.

Sean meets with Elise, who like him is also grieving after the death of her husband Jack, and tries to convince her to help his daughter. Elise declines, stating that her previous visits to the dark spiritual world of the "Further" made her realize that an evil spirit is hunting her. However, she is convinced by her friend and former colleague Carl to continue using her spiritual ability, after he reminds her about her successful in 1986, and stating that she is stronger than any spirits or demons because she is living and they are not.

Due to Elise's refusal, Alex suggests Sean call on alleged demonologists Specs and Tucker, who have built a following on the internet. During their investigation, Quinn becomes briefly possessed by the "Man Who Can't Breathe," breaks through her leg braces, and attempts to attack Sean, Specs, and Tucker. Sean realizes Specs and Tucker are frauds, and prepares to kick the duo out until Elise arrives. Deducing that the dark spirit's goal is to lure potential victims to "The Further" so it can eat their life force, Elise decides to enter the spiritual world, and enlists Specs and Tucker to help.

Elise enters the Further and has a brief fight with the evil spirit that haunts her (a mysterious ), before she discovers Jack's spirit. Jack begins to encourage Elise to commit suicide so that they might be reunited. Elise realizes that Jack is actually the "Man Who Can't Breathe" in disguise and slashes his face before escaping back to the physical world. Elise realizes that Quinn has to defeat him on her own. Though Quinn is at first at a disadvantage, Elise receives a message from the recently dead neighbor: Lily had left Quinn a letter to read before she graduated High School, but Quinn never found it. Lily's spirit suddenly appears in the Further and helps Quinn defeat the "Man Who Can't Breathe." Elise gives parting words to the family, including words of encouragement from Lily's spirit. She leaves with Specs and Tucker, and the three agree to form a partnership.

Later, Elise arrives home and notices her dog barking at something. Suddenly, a demon with a red face appears behind her.

On September 15, 2013, a third installment in the "Insidious" series was announced, with Leigh Whannell signed on to return as writer, and Jason Blum and Oren Peli set to produce. When asked about returning for another sequel, actor Patrick Wilson went on to say that he "[doesn't] know where else it could go", and that "[Josh Lambert has] been through the wringer, and I think the movie sets it up well at the end [...] And that's great, that's how it should end." On November 13, 2013, it was announced Focus Features and Stage 6 Films would release the film on April 3, 2015. The date was later moved to May 29, 2015.

On March 11, 2014, Screen Rant reported that the third film would not focus on the Lamberts, but on a new family and story, and would not connect to the last scene in the second film. It was also reported that both Whannell and Angus Sampson would return as ghost hunters Specs and Tucker, along with Lin Shaye as Elise. On May 7, 2014, Wan tweeted that Whannell would direct the third film, which marks his directorial debut. In June 2014, Stefanie Scott and Dermot Mulroney were cast in the film. On September 22, 2014, during the Cinema Diverse Film Festival in Palm Springs, actress Ele Keats said she had recently wrapped an undisclosed supporting role in the film.

Principal photography began on July 9, 2014, in Los Angeles under the title "Into The Further", on a scheduled 29-day shoot. Several scenes were shot in the San Fernando Valley at the "Delfino Studios" in Sylmar, where the Brenner apartment's interiors were built.

A first look image was released on July 22, 2014. Filming wrapped on August 18, 2014.

The musical score for "Insidious: Chapter 3" is composed by Joseph Bishara, who composed the music for the previous installments. A soundtrack album for the film was released digitally on June 5, 2015 by Void Recordings.

A first teaser poster was released online on September 18, 2014, featuring a grey wall with a vent and the red text "The man who can't breathe, the man who lives in the vents, I heard him saying your name last night, I heard him in your room while you were gone, he's in there right now, standing in your room." The first teaser trailer for the film was released by Focus Features on October 23, 2014. The same day director Leigh Whannell invited fans to join him for a live Q&A session on the movie's official Facebook page. A few days later, on October 28, 2014 the same Facebook page reached 4 million fans. On December 17, 2014, fans were invited to connect with "Insidious" on Kik Messenger for exclusive content.

On March 16, 2015, Focus Features debuted a teaser for the full official trailer that was eventually released the following day, on March 17, 2015, during a series of launch events in selected cities, including Miami (where lead star Stefanie Scott held a Q&A session), Chicago (with supporting actress Hayley Kiyoko in attendance), and New York City (where "Fangoria" magazine hosted a Q&A session with Lin Shaye). A new poster featuring Stefanie Scott was also released the same day. On July 3, 2014, Focus Features moved the already announced US theatrical release date from April 3 to May 29, 2015. On December 10, 2014, the distribution company announced that the theatrical release date had been moved back again from May 29 to June 5, 2015.

On May 20, 2015, Focus Features relaunched their Gramercy Pictures label for action, horror, and science fiction movies. "Insidious: Chapter 3" was the first release from the revived Gramercy.

"Insidious: Chapter 3" grossed $52.2 million in North America and $60.6 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $112.8 million, against a budget of $10 million.

In North America, the film made $1.6 million from its early Thursday night showings, from 2,150 theaters, and $10.4 million on its opening day, from 3,003 theaters. It finished at third place in its opening weekend, earning $23 million behind fellow opener "Spy" and holdover "San Andreas".

Outside North America, "Insidious: Chapter 3" grossed $14.3 million in its opening weekend, from 42 countries on 2,989 screens, also finishing in third place behind "San Andreas" and "Spy". It had the biggest opening for a horror film in the Philippines ($1.5 million) and in Vietnam ($620,000), the second-biggest in Malaysia ($1.6 million), and had similarly successful openings in Russia and the CIS ($2.7 million). Mexico opened with $1.8 million and India with $620,000.

The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes lists a 59% approval rating based on 124 reviews and a rating average of 5.52/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Insidious: Chapter 3" isn't as terrifying as the original, although it boasts surprising thematic depth and is enlivened by another fine performance from Lin Shaye." On Metacritic the film has a score of 52 out of 100 based on 26 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". In CinemaScore polls, cinema audiences gave the film an average score of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

Daniel Krupa of IGN awarded it a score of 7.1 out of 10, saying ""Insidious: Chapter 3" is the most focussed, dark, and creepy installment of the series to date." Scott Foundas of "Variety" gave the film a negative review, saying "Chief among things that go bump in the night in "Insidious: Chapter 3" is the movie itself—a thuddingly dull prequel to James Wan's very enjoyable (and highly profitable) demonic-possession horror franchise." Justin Lowe of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, saying ""Insidious: Chapter 3" offers a relatable young protagonist and several key supporting players from the prior films in a nimble setup to the series." Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a C+, saying ""Insidious Chapter 3" is the worst kind of sequel: Not terrible, but also cartoonishly unnecessary." Michael Ordoña of the "San Francisco Chronicle" rated it zero out of four stars, saying ""Insidious: Chapter 3" is simply not scary. Not a bit, not a whit. Except that the audience will be terrified of the next stabbing of their eardrums, at generally predictable intervals." Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four, saying "The "Insidious" franchise, after three attempts to exorcise its real demons, still can't seem to shake what really haunts it: the ghost of B-movies past." Peter Howell of the "Toronto Star" gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of four, saying "This prequel to the shriek hell, directed and scripted by series writer/actor Leigh Whannell, manages to avoid the Curse of the Triple Cash Grab."

Kerry Lengel of "The Arizona Republic" gave the film three out of five stars, saying ""Insidious: Chapter 3" is almost more a spoof of a classic like "The Exorcist" than it is an homage. It's not scary horror, it's silly horror, and the audience is in on the joke." Stephen Whitty of the "Newark Star-Ledger" gave the film two-and-a-half stars, saying "You need more than a few sudden noises and scary shocks to make a good horror movie. But "Insidious: Chapter Three" is at least an OK horror movie." James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" gave the film two-and-a-half out of four stars, saying "They say the third time's the charm. Not with the "Insidious" series, it isn't. Admittedly, installment #3 is an improvement over #2, but it fails to reach the highs of the chilling-but-uneven original." Tim Robey of "The Telegraph" gave the film four out of five stars, saying "It manages the all-important jump scares with the finesse of a skilled stage illusionist, but it’s the surprisingly sincere emotional core that makes it the pick of the series." Katie Rife of "The A.V. Club" gave the film a B-, saying "The motif of grief runs throughout "Insidious: Chapter 3", which is surprisingly thematically rich for the third installment of a horror franchise. This emotional undercurrent informs the fright scenes, which otherwise lean rather heavily on jump scares." Bilge Ebiri of "New York" magazine gave the film a negative review, saying "This is so often the problem with this genre—scary setups, followed by dopey resolutions—that you sort of want to give the movie a pass. But given its distinguished forebears, "Insidious: Chapter 3" doesn’t quite live up to expectations."

In an interview Leigh Whannell was asked "If there is a fourth "Insidious" film, would that be a sequel to "Chapter 3", another prequel to the original or will it continue in this timeline or go to a whole new timeline?" Whannell stated: "I don't know. I haven't really thought about it yet. But for the purposes of this interview, I'll say that I'd like to explore the time between this film and the first film. That whole area there where Elise has rediscovered her gift, I think you could have a lot of adventures before she arrives. So I think there is a lot of room there. We've kind of established Lin [Shaye] in this particular film as kind of this superhero, so that would be kind of interesting to explore in the other films."

"" was announced in May 2016 for a release date of October 20, 2017. Whannell will return to write, Blum, Peli and Wan producing as well as Shaye reprising her role as Elise Rainer and Adam Robitel directing. The film was released on January 5, 2018.




</doc>
<doc id="42703163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42703163" title="This May Be the Last Time">
This May Be the Last Time

This May Be the Last Time is a 2014 American documentary film produced and directed by Sterlin Harjo. The film had its world premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2014.

After its premiere at Sundance Film Festival, Sundance Channel acquired the distribution rights of the film. The film received its TV premiere in spring 2014.

The film narrates that when in 1962 Pete Harjo, the director's grandfather, mysteriously went missing after his car crashed on a rural bridge in Sasakwa, Oklahoma, members of his Seminole and Muscogee community searched for him while singing songs of faith and hope that had been passed on for generations, with roots in both Scottish hymn lining and African American music. Harjo interviews family members and locals, as well as academic experts on the subject including the Yale professor Willie Ruff and Rogers State University's Hugh Foley.

"This May Be the Last Time" received positive reviews from critics. Guy Lodge of "Variety" said in his review, "Filtering painstaking research on the evolution of Creek Nation hymns through a tragic narrative from Harjo's family history, the director's first nonfiction feature is artful and illuminating." Justin Lowe in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film by saying, "The mystery of Pete Harjo’s disappearance turns out to be somewhat more prosaic, although Harjo plays out developments in the missing-person search skillfully enough to maintain interest, much in the storytelling tradition of his tribal elders."

Amanda Rock in her review for "Slug" magazine, wrote, "This film gives insight into a small community that supported each other through a difficult time, both physically and spiritually."



</doc>
<doc id="42706228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42706228" title="Axeman (film)">
Axeman (film)

Axeman (originally released as Axeman at Cutter's Creek) is a 2013 horror film written and directed by Joston Theney. The film had a limited theatrical release beginning February 14, 2013, and was released to DVD on May 6, 2014. Scot Pollard portrays the title character, an axe-wielding killer who terrorizes a group of friend at a secluded cabin.

In a cabin by Cutter's Creek, bank robbers Denise, Vale, and Paulie are murdered by an axe-wielding serial killer known as the Axeman. Later, a group of friends led by Brian are brought to the same cabin by their guide Maureen, who is apprehensive about being in the area. After settling in, Brian mentions that the reason he got the cabin for such a low price is because it supposedly once belonged to a family that was massacred by the Axeman. When the discussion concludes, Randy goes off to spy on Vivian, and is murdered by the Axeman, who rips his head off.

The next morning, Doug gets into an argument with his girlfriend, Cassidy, accusing her of still having feelings for her ex, Brian, who is now dating Cassidy's best friend, Stacy. Doug storms off into the woods, where he stumbles onto the money that the bank robbers stole. While looking for somewhere to hide the cash, Doug is impaled and dismembered by the Axeman, his death going unnoticed by his friends, who are searching for Randy. Everyone soon regroups at the cabin, and Cassidy, unsatisfied with every explanation that they can come up with for why Randy, and now Doug, are gone, leaves to continue searching for them alone.

Tammy enters the garage, where she uncovers the robbers' money, and is forced to hide when the Axeman enters with her girlfriend, Liz, whom he has seriously wounded. Before he can finish Liz off, the Axeman is distracted by a knock on the door, and answers it to reveal it is Sheriff Charlene Wopuzer. Annoyed by the sheriff's abrasive attitude and persistent questioning, the Axeman twists her head around, and returns to the garage, just as Tammy exits it with Liz. Liz collapses from her injuries and Tammy is strangled by the Axeman, who also bites off and eats her cheeks.

Returning to the cabin, the Axeman rips Brian's brain out, knifes Vivian in the eye, beats Darren nearly to death, and chases Stacy through the property, catching and stabbing her when she trips over Cassidy's body. The next morning, hungover Deputy Darlene Whitfield ventures to the cabin in search of the sheriff, and finds Darren, who begs her for help. Before Darren can elaborate on what happened, the Axeman attacks him and Whitfield.


"Bloody Disgusting" panned the film overall, criticizing the script for not delving into the reasons that the titular Axeman was killing people, as this would give the film more depth and differentiate it from multiple similarly plotted films. Theron Moore of Horror News praised the film's villain and kills, but criticized the glacial pace, uninteresting subplots, stiff acting, and two-dimensional dialogue and writing. "Ain't It Cool News" gave a mostly favorable review for "Axeman", commenting that while the movie was not "reinventing the slasher genre" it "does feel like a throwback to a time when the slashers weren't so passé."

A sequel entitled "Axeman 2: Overkill", also written and directed by Joston Theney, was announced in 2014 and released straight-to-DVD and online retailers on October 17, 2017. Only Theney and Arielle Brachfeld reprise their roles from the original, with Bryan Clark replacing Scot Pollard as the titular character, in addition to Kailena Mai replacing Jamie Bernadette as Tammy, Whitney Nielsen replacing Erin Marie Hogan as Liz, and Maria Olsen replacing Paula Tracy Wilson as Adele. The film also stars Farrah Abraham, Rachel Reilly, Angelica Bridges, and Peter Stickles, and features a second axeman portrayed by Michael Wayner Foster.


</doc>
<doc id="42707140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42707140" title="The Eternal Sea">
The Eternal Sea

The Eternal Sea (aka The Admiral Hoskins Story) is a 1955 American war film directed by John H. Auer and starring Sterling Hayden, Alexis Smith and Ben Cooper. After an American naval officer loses his leg at the Battle of Leyte Gulf, he resists attempts to retire him and continues in the service after learning to cope with his disability. He goes on to be promoted to admiral and commands an aircraft carrier during the Korean War.

"The Eternal Sea" was one of a number of more ambitious productions by Republic Pictures, which had traditionally made low-budget second features. Its release was undermined by the studio's growing financial problems which led to its eventual closure in 1959.

In 1942, newly promoted Capt. John Madison Hoskins (Sterling Hayden) returns home after two years at sea to spend a seven-hour leave with his wife Sue (Alexis Smith) and their children, before taking command of the aircraft carrier USS "Hornet" (CV-8). However, he receives news that the ship had been sunk at the Battle of the Santa Cruz Islands. Hoskins is then reassigned as an instructor at Quonset Point, Rhode Island, much closer to home but "... thousands of miles from the only war he'll get to fight in."

Two years later after teaching some of the US Navy's top students, Hoskins is given command of the USS "Princeton" (CVL-23) but its present commander, Capt. William Buracker (Hayden Rorke) is retained for the Philippine campaign, During the attack, the ship is crippled and Buracker orders her to be scuttled. Hoskins, severely wounded, his foot is amputated to save his life.

Later, at a naval hospital in Philadelphia, Hoskins meets "Zuggy" (Ben Cooper), another amputee who lost an arm and is being honorably discharged. His disability makes Hoskins eligible for retirement and promotion to rear admiral but he pushes himself to be ready to take over the new USS "Princeton" being built in the nearby Navy shipyard. With encouragement from Sue, Vice-Adm. Thomas L. Semple (Dean Jagger) reveals that by a navy code, no disabled officer can be compelled to retire.

After long periods of walks and climbing the new ship, Hoskins falls from the scaffolding. Although injured, he comes into his review meeting without crutches, convincing the tribunal that he is fit to serve. The next day, at the launching of the USS "Princeton", Hoskins is assigned as its commander.

After the war, Hoskins advocates for the use of jet aircraft off aircraft carriers and when he is transferred to San Diego, he is able to demonstrate the capabilities of jets to land on carrier ships. Despite one jet crashing due to mechanical failure, the US Navy is convinced of the viability of jet operations.

Assigned to the carrier division for aircraft operation at sea, Hoskins joins Adm. Arthur Dewey Struble (Morris Ankrum) of the 7th Fleet. Flying the lead aircraft, Hoskins demonstrates that jets can be used safely on aircraft carriers, in time to be effective in Korea.

After celebrating a wedding anniversary with Sue, Hoskins is offered the choice of two important jobs that would further his career, but take him away from active duty. Discouraged by the prospect, when he witnesses the return of wounded men from the Korean front, Hoskins is inspired to show the injured men that they can still lead an active life and turns down both jobs, asking instead to be put in charge of the Pacific Division of the Air Transport Service.

Among other locations, "The Eternal Sea" was filmed from October 7 to late October, 1954, at the USS "Kearsarge" (CV-33) while on a "Show The Flag" cruise around Asia. Support from the US Navy was also in the form of the loan of Douglas AD-1 Skyraider, Grumman F9F Panther aircraft and Piasecki HUP-2 Retriever helicopter. Other aircraft that were seen, include Korean wounded disembarking from MATS aircraft, a Douglas C-54 Skymaster and a Boeing C-97 Stratofreighter. Use of documentary film from World War II was also evident.

"The Eternal Sea" was an attempt by Republic Pictures studio head Herbert J. Yates to add a high quality production to the usual output of low budget features. The studio promotion "breathlessly" highlighted: "Hollywood Now Brings You a Story of Heroic Greatness...; Inspired by the depths of a woman's love! and The real-life Naval Hero who defied disaster - to soar his jet to glory!"

With production costs increasing, Yates organized Republic's output into four types of films: "Jubilee", usually a western shot in seven days for about $50,000; "Anniversary", filmed in 14 to 15 days for $175,000 to $200,000; "Deluxe", major productions made with a budget of around $500,000; and "Premiere", which were usually made by top-rank directors who did not usually work for Republic, such as John Ford, Fritz Lang and Frank Borzage, and which could have a budget of $1,000,000 or more. Some of these "Deluxe" films were from independent production companies that were picked up for release by Republic.




</doc>
<doc id="42707167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42707167" title="The Right to Live (1921 film)">
The Right to Live (1921 film)

The Right to Live is a 1921 British silent drama film written by, directed by and starring A.E. Coleby. The screenplay concerns a Cockney fishmonger who tracks down his estranged niece who is an aspiring actress and then loses his family's savings gambling on a trotting race.



</doc>
<doc id="42708281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42708281" title="We Are the Giant">
We Are the Giant

We Are the Giant is a 2014 American documentary film produced and directed by Greg Barker. The film had its world premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18, 2014.

The film is scheduled for a limited theatrical run from October 30, 2014 in UK. A special screening and panel Q&A will also take place at London's BFI cinema on the October 30, 2014.

The film narrates the stories of ordinary individuals who are transformed by the critical moral and personal challenges they encounter when standing up for what they believe is right.

"We Are the Giant" received positive reviews from critics. Dennis Harvey of "Variety", said in his review that "Despite its harrowing on-the-ground footage, Greg Barker's Arab Spring documentary risks pretentiousness." Boyd van Hoeij in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film by writing that "A slickly assembled and insightful documentary that looks at three individual stories from the Arab Spring." Robert Cameron Fowler of "Indiewire" grade the film A by writing that ""We Are the Giant” is both vital and devastating, with raw material conveyed through elegant construction. Barker asks the hard questions, issuing the frightening possibly of necessary violence when pacifism yields no results." Brent Simon in his review for "Paste Magazine" said that "The clarion call of a grander moral calling anchors the documentary We Are the Giant, and in large part saves it from its own overstuffed passion."



</doc>
<doc id="42711261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42711261" title="Red Kingdom Rising">
Red Kingdom Rising

Red Kingdom Rising is an independent fantasy horror film written, produced and directed by Navin Dev. The film is inspired by Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". It marks Dev's first feature-length film, following on from his similarly themed fairy tale short films.

Mary Ann has been tormented her whole life by dreams of a sinister figure called the Red King and his morbid fairytale kingdom. Following the death of her father, she returns to her family home where she recalls the childhood stories of the Red King and Alice from "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" that her father once read to her. Within the decaying and neglected state of the gothic family house, Mary Ann soon discovers that her once highly religious and abusive mother is now secretly engaging in black magic.

A brutal bewitching attack from her mother propels Mary Ann into the twisted, fairy tale dream world of the Red King. In this dream world Mary Ann encounters an unlikely guide in the form of a mysterious, Cheshire Cat masked little girl calling herself Alice. Alice prompts Mary Ann to question the relevancy of the dreamscape and whether this is Mary Ann’s dream or that of the Red King’s.

Haunting events and emergence of suppressed memories force Mary Ann to unlock secrets of her painful childhood as she journeys through the realms of the dream world, landing in a final confrontation with the Red King. Mary Ann must face this embodiment of her childhood fears to forever gain closure to the pains and horrors of her past.


Director Navin Dev was inspired by real accounts of adult survivors of child abuse and wanted to portray a symbolic, nightmarish world that evoked the psychological horrors they endured. Having researched Bruno Bettelheim's "", Dev set the film within the fantasy horror genre as it would enable the film to be elaborated upon the mature and symbolic themes found in fairy tales.

Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" and in particular, "Through the Looking-Glass", were used as direct inspirations due to the ideas of dream reversal, occultism, and dream symbolism that Carroll presents in his work and that author Marc Edmund Jones elaborates on.

Production of "Red Kingdom Rising" was achieved on a low budget, with pre-production commencing months prior to shooting in order to design and build the complicated character make up prosthetics as well as a full scale Red Kingdom dream world. Dev undertook extensive rehearsals with his cast, familiarising them with affective memory exercises in order to reach the complexity of the troubled characters.

Visual inspirations for "Red Kingdom Rising" ranged from Gustav Dore’s fable paintings, artist Mark Ryden’s work, numerous graphic novels to Jaromil Jireš' 1970 film "Valerie and Her Week of Wonders". Dev chose to shoot the film on the Super 16mm format due to its grainy and organic quality that would uphold the organic visual style of a fairy tale.

"Red Kingdom Rising" had its world premiere at the Portobello Film Festival at which it was nominated for the Best Horror Film award. It was also screened at the Gotham Screen Film Festival & Screenplay Contest in New York.

"Red Kingdom Rising" won Best Fantasy Horror Film at the 2014 Feratum Film Festival - Mexico's largest genre festival in fantasy, sci-fi and horror.

A Special Edition US DVD of the film containing Navin Dev's short films and a 5.1 surround sound mix of the film was released on Amazon.com on 28 April 2014 by the film's production company 1406 Pictures Ltd.

An early cut of the film had a private press screening at Wilton's Music Hall in London to which acclaimed critic and Empire Magazine contributing editor Kim Newman attended. He said that the film had 'a nicely dense, imagistic feel and a grasp of the nightmarish, a study of a cracked psyche, using the tropes of scary children’s stories...'

"Red Kingdom Rising" has received many favourable reviews, most notably from UK leading genre film journalist MJ Simpson who described the film as 'a hugely impressive feature debut, a visual poem reminiscent of the masters of dreamlike cinema...' and Flickering Myth who described it as 'an eerie and imaginative dark fantasy dreamscape with a visual style reminiscent of directors such as Tim Burton and Guillermo del Toro….'

"Red Kingdom Rising" has been featured in history books; by Jonathan Rigby and The History of British Literature on Film (1895-2015) by Greg M. Colon Semenza and Robert Hasenfratz. The latter described that 'to most viewers, Joss Whedon's Much Ado won't look much different than an equally well-crafted 16mm film such as "Red Kingdom Rising", Navin Dev's 2014 horror adaptation of Lewis Carroll's Alice novels.'



</doc>
<doc id="42711868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42711868" title="Bad Johnson">
Bad Johnson

Bad Johnson is a 2014 American sex comedy film directed by Huck Botko.

Rich is a sex addict who ruins every relationship through infidelity. He wishes that his penis would leave him alone. He wakes up one day to find his penis has taken on human form.


The film currently holds a 29% on Rotten Tomatoes.



</doc>
<doc id="42717453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42717453" title="Law of the Tropics">
Law of the Tropics

Law of the Tropics is a 1941 American drama film directed by Ray Enright and starring Constance Bennett, Jeffrey Lynn and Regis Toomey. By the time Bennett made the film, her career was in steep decline. 

The film is loosely based on the 1935 movie "Oil for the Lamps of China", but the setting is changed from China to the Amazon jungle, and the tone is somewhat lighter. The conflict between a man's conscience and his corporate loyalty, which is a principal theme of the original, is more secondary in this film.



</doc>
<doc id="42717569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42717569" title="Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied">
Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied

Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied (alternatively titled Miley) is an American short film directed by photographer Quentin Jones and starring recording artist Miley Cyrus. It was released on May 1, 2014, by the lifestyle website Nowness, although it had been previously used for the introduction of her headlining Bangerz Tour. The black-and-white video displays a topless Cyrus engaging in several sadomasochistic behaviors. Contemporary critics compared "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" to earlier music videos by recording artist Madonna and the erotic novel "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2011), and agreed that it continued to solidify the sexually-explicit public image she had cultivated in 2013.

"Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" was first premiered during Cyrus' headlining Bangerz Tour in February 2014; it was used as an introductory interlude for her performances, and was musically accompanied by the track "Fitzpleasure" by the English band Alt-J. It was later re-released on May 1, 2014, during which time Cyrus was recovering from an allergic reaction that consequently delayed the tour.

"Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" was created by the production and representation agency Cadence, headquartered in New York City. Neil Cooper and Nina Qayyum were enlisted as its executive producers, while Michael Angelos is recognized as a third producer. In addition to directing the project, Quentin Jones was responsible for creating its animations. Peter Duffy and Johnny Langer collaborated for the music and sound design. Diane Martel was secured as the creative director of the project; she had previously worked with Cyrus for her music video for the track "We Can't Stop" and her controversial performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. Paul Laufner and Sandra Winther were respectively employed as the director of photography and artwork assistant. Simone Harouche is acknowledged as a stylist; Cyrus' hair was done by Andy Lecompte, while her makeup was done by Pati Dubrogg.

A two-minute short film, "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" features the track "Stockholm Syndrome" by 30's featuring Zoee. Heavily inspired by electronic music, its lyrics "hold me down so it's hard to breathe" contribute to the overtly sexual nature of the video. The film is alternatively named "Miley" in its title card; the black-and-white film itself is contained within a square, and is bordered by excess white space on either side.

Cyrus is dressed in black latex underwear throughout the clip, with electrical tape covering her nipples, and is occasionally seen in fishnets. The video frequently alternates between footage of Cyrus making facial expressions with cartoon-styled eyes and noses layered on her face and Cyrus wearing latex bands commonly associated with sadomasochism (S&M). She is additionally seen suspended mid-air by ribbons in an acrobatic fashion, hanging from a rod with her legs provocatively spread, and suggestively showing her buttocks to the camera. As the clip progresses, Cyrus cries as she spreads black oil across her face, which she later smears across her body in a sexual manner.

Contemporary critics centered much of their commentary of "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" around its prominent sadomasochistic elements. Writing for "Complex", Leigh Silver described the project as a "bondage-themed joy ride", and felt that its potential shock value was lessened considering Cyrus' previously sexual displays. Leanne Bayley from "Glamour" described the film as "very "Fifty Shades of Grey"-esque" and felt that it was an unsurprisingly "pretty controversial" display from Cyrus. Despite commenting that her wardrobe was "quite demure [...] by her standards", Mike Wass from Idolator opined that the sadomasochistic inspiration "[spices] things up"; he elaborated that the video was "stylish and beautifully shot" and restored Cyrus' position as "the queen of shock" from recording artist Rihanna, who had generated media attention for a topless magazine spread in "Lui'.

While stating that the project was "sexy", Oscar Lopez admitted that its concept was unoriginal considering its similarities to the visuals for "Vogue" and "Like a Prayer" by Madonna. Writing for "Look", Robyn Munson described "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied" as "one of her most artistic – and attention-grabbing – to date"; she expressed particular surprise in Cyrus' continued ability to shock her audience despite having frequently painted herself in a sexual light. Emily Hewett from "Metro" thought that the project "was done in the name of art", whereas Cyrus' earlier endeavors come across as being provocative "in a blatant bid to boost record sales". After classifying the clip as not safe for work, Lauren Valenti from "Marie Claire" acknowledged it as the "latest viral reminder that Miley's Disney days are far behind her. Ryan Reed from "Rolling Stone" called the video "jaw-dropping" and felt that it was an extension of the "psychedelic side" that Cyrus had recently displayed through on-stage collaborations with Wayne Coyne and Steven Drozd of The Flaming Lips.

Amiya Moretta opined that the clip "boldly confronts double standards that exist between socially acceptable expressions of sexuality" and wondered "if this [was] the spawn of a sexual revolution." She described the video as "incredibly sexualized and aesthetically captivating, as the black and white combinations of fluttering eyelashes, slathered black paint and eye masks appeal to the limited attention spans of today’s generation. The mixed-media music video is short and surreal, using layers of photography, illustration, and animation to create a story."

Credits adapted from "Miley Cyrus: Tongue Tied".


</doc>
<doc id="42717572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42717572" title="Wild Bill Hickok Rides">
Wild Bill Hickok Rides

Wild Bill Hickok Rides is a 1942 American western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Constance Bennett, Bruce Cabot and Warren William. Bennett was paid $10,000 for her appearance, a significant drop from what she had recently been earning. Cabot is one of a number of actors to have played Wild Bill Hickock on screen.

After her Chicago gambling hall burns down in the Great Chicago Fire of 1871, Belle Andrews accepts an offer from an ambitious businessmen Harry Farrel to accompany him to Powder River, Montana to open a new casino. However, once there, she becomes disgusted by his criminal activities and joins forces with Wild Bill Hickok to thwart his plans.




</doc>
<doc id="42717923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42717923" title="Service de Luxe">
Service de Luxe

Service de Luxe is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Constance Bennett, Vincent Price (in his film debut) and Charles Ruggles.

Helen Murphy, alias Dorothy Madison number 1 (Constance Bennett), runs a very successful agency, "Dorothy Madison Services," for wealthy people who need someone to run their lives. A huge staff is up 24 hours a day to attend to all sorts of problems. Her alter ego, Pearl, alias Dorothy Madison 2 (Helen Broderick), is there to assist Murphy, who dreams of finding a man who is able to run his own life. 

Robert Wade (Vincent Price), a young inventor from Albany, New York, leaves behind him five old aunts who tried to run his life. He comes to town to develop his tractor model. Murphy and Wade meet on the boat. Murphy is there on orders from Wade's uncle (Lionel Belmore), who is a client of Madison Services, but she picks the wrong man to send back home, while she meets Wade and is instantly fascinated by him, although he thinks she's not a career girl, as well as being rather helpless.

When she discovers that the man she met on the boat was Wade, she has some problems how to manage this relationship. Her client Mr. Robinson (Charles Ruggles) is willing to finance Wade's tractor model and arranges a laboratory for him. Unfortunately, his daughter Audrey (Joy Hodges) wants to marry Wade. While her father has adapted a kitchen in his library to be taught how to cook by Bibenko (Mischa Auer), Audrey tries to be in the basement laboratory with Wade. When it comes out that Bibenko is a Russian prince, Audrey finds he's the better husband-to-be. Wade marries Murphy, who leaves behind her career-girl life to become a wife.




</doc>
<doc id="42717986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42717986" title="Madame Spy (1942 film)">
Madame Spy (1942 film)

Madame Spy is a 1942 American spy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Constance Bennett, Don Porter and John Litel. The screenplay concerns an American intelligence officer who goes undercover and infiltrates a ring of Nazi spies.




</doc>
<doc id="42719503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42719503" title="Angel on the Amazon">
Angel on the Amazon

Angel on the Amazon, also known as Drums Along the Amazon, is a 1948 American adventure film directed by John H. Auer and starring George Brent, Vera Ralston, Brian Aherne and Constance Bennett.

After a plane crashes in the Amazonian jungle, its passengers are rescued by a mysterious young woman. They include pilot Jim Warburton, who is fascinated by the woman, Christine Ridgeway, as well as relieved when she and guide Paulo steer him and Karen, a doctor, away from the jungle and its threatening war drums.

Upon reaching Rio de Janeiro safely, Jim and Karen are surprised to encounter Christine again, then shocked when the sight of a strange man causes her to panic. Jim eventually follows the man, who identifies himself as Don Sebastian Ortega and tells a strange tale of how Christine's mother once shot a panther, then killed herself. Christine's father then left her behind.

Jim returns to the United States and finds Anthony Ridgeway, who reveals that Christine is not his daughter but his wife. Jim also eventually learns that Christine has become committed to a sanitarium, where she is now under Karen's care.




</doc>
<doc id="42725954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42725954" title="Hold That Co-ed">
Hold That Co-ed

Hold That Co-ed is a 1938 comedy film directed by George Marshall, starring John Barrymore, George Murphy and Marjorie Weaver.

Former star quarterback Rusty Stevens believes he's being hired to be prosperous Clayton University's new football coach, but finds it's actually rundown State College in the same town that is giving him that job.

Gov. Gabby Harrigan, who is running for the U.S. Senate, has slashed State's budget so much that the school only owns one football. Rusty leads a student protest at the state capitol that ends up in a brawl. The governor's opponent in the Senate campaign, Major Breckenridge, capitalizes politically on Harrigan's unpopularity at the college.

Harrigan's bright secretary Marjorie Blake persuades the governor to retaliate by raising funds for State and proposing to build it a 100,000-seat stadium (to be named after him). She also recruits new players for State including a couple of tough wrestlers, promising them government jobs and $500 a game. State begins winning game after game.

As a publicity stunt, State even ends up with college football's first woman, co-ed Lizzie Olsen becoming the team's kicker. Harrigan publicly dares mighty Clayton to a game, challenging his adversary by vowing to quit the Senate race if State loses the game. Breckenridge has no choice but to accept.

All's well until Rusty reveals the unethical payment to players. A depleted State squad is overmatched during the game, but with the score 7-6 in Clayton's favor, on the last play of the game Lizzie snatches a batted-down pass in mid-air and crosses the goal line for a game-winning touchdown for State.



</doc>
<doc id="42726001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42726001" title="Fallen (2016 film)">
Fallen (2016 film)

Fallen is a 2016 American romantic fantasy drama film directed by Scott Hicks, based on Lauren Kate’s 2009 novel of same name. The film stars Addison Timlin, Jeremy Irvine, Harrison Gilbertson, and Joely Richardson.

The film was originally set to be released in fall 2015, but it was confirmed by author Lauren Kate that it would be released in 2016 for countries including Malaysia, Philippines and Singapore. Lotus Entertainment will distribute the film, the release was on November 10 in the Philippines, Singapore and Malaysia, confirmed by Kate. It is still unknown when "Fallen" will be released in Australia. The film saw a theatrical release in the United Kingdom on March 10, 2017. On August 2, 2017 Lauren Kate confirmed that "Fallen" was scheduled to be released in the United States by Vertical Entertainment. It was released direct to VOD on August 8, 2017, and October 10, 2017 on DVD/Blu-ray.

Lucinda "Luce" Price is sent to Sword and Cross Academy for troubled young teens after she is blamed for the death of a boy named Trevor who perishes in a fire started by mysterious shadows that Luce sees after kissing him. Luce feels cursed, blaming herself for Trevor’s death.

Upon arriving at her new school, Luce meets various students, including Cameron "Cam,” who has taken an interest in her; Arriane Alter, who takes Luce under her wing; Molly Zane, who harasses Luce; Pennyweather "Penn,” who befriends Luce; and Daniel, a brooding boy to whom Luce is instantly attracted. She also meets Miss Sophia, a religious studies teacher. During a session, the school psychiatrist tells Lucinda she can leave if she takes antipsychotics.

During detention, picking up trash, Luce is almost crushed by a falling statue of an avenging angel. Later, Cam flirts with Luce before inviting her to a party in the woods. At the party, Luce is attracted to Cam, but can’t shake the feeling of an deep and unusual connection to Daniel, despite his attempts to brush her off. Molly shows up and proceeds to harass and almost kill Luce before Arriane intervenes. As Luce leaves, she sees the "shadows" again.

Luce overhears Miss Sophia telling Daniel that Cam may have been behind the angel statue almost falling on Luce. She expresses fear for Luce because she is unbaptized. The two realize that Luce is listening to them, and Daniel follows Luce outside. They walk together and he admits that during class he was working on a graphic novel. In the story a boy and a girl are in love with each other, but are cursed such that every time they kiss, the girl dies; she then reincarnates, meets the boy (who never ages or changes) 17 years later, and they fall in love and kiss again, only for the cycle to repeat endlessly each 17 years.

Cam takes Luce to a club on her birthday and they kiss, only to be violently interrupted by Daniel, who yells that he had told Cam to stay away from Luce, and accuses him of still being “with Lucifer.” Luce, flees and tells Penn what happened, confiding that she suspects Cam and she have been reincarnated. Penn and her friend Todd sneak into the library with Luce and search the computer with a facial recognition tool; they discover a photo from 1854 of Daniel and Luce, and Luce again has a flash of memory, seeing herself and Daniel posing for the photo in 1854. As Penn leaves to retrieve the photo from the printer, Luce sees the "shadows" again. Another mysterious fire breaks out; it engulfs the library and kills Todd. Daniel rescues an unconscious Luce from the fire.

Later Luce finds Daniel on a roof top, and he reveals that they are the boy and girl from his graphic novel story. Daniel further reveals that he is a fallen angel, which explains his immortality. The two kiss, but Cam appears, telling Luce that because she has not been baptised, Lucifer will come for her. He tries to convince Luce to pick him instead of Daniel, but Daniel whisks Luce away and takes her to Miss Sophia, leaving to fight Cam and stop Lucifer from coming for Luce.

As the two fight, Cam reveals that he was not the one behind Luce's murders; meanwhile, Sophia kills Penn. Luce screams, which brings Daniel to her aid, to protect her from Miss Sophia, who was actually the one trying to kill Luce. Miss Sophia justifies her murders by explaining that, with Luce gone, Daniel would have been forced to choose a side and order would have been restored. The shadows show up behind Miss Sophia as she is talking and consume her.

Daniel explains to a shaken Luce that her being unbaptized would make her next death permanent; Sophia thought this would cause Daniel to choose Heaven. He tells her that Lucifer will indeed come for her, and that he must take her somewhere safe. They declare their love for each other as they leave to find safe haven from Lucifer.


Lotus Entertainment is the producer in charge of taking the adaptation to the cinema, initially when the novel was bought in December 2009, the producing company Walt Disney Pictures was the first to buy the whole saga since Fallen ones consists of 5 books and an annex, In total 6, but by the middle of 2013, Disney declined and withdrew from the project, leaving all production to Lotus Entertainment. The post-production began in May 2014 after the recordings were finished in Budapest, Hungary.

Pre-production started from September 2013, while recordings began in February 2014 in Budapest, Hungary, recordings were spread over 7 months of recordings, 5 months of tape recordings and 3 months of voice recordings, later the film had been finished in April 2016, the film was two years in pre-production. Origo Film Group studios in Budapest were chosen for the film's production, work on the "angels" flight scenes and the construction of some planes of exterior areas, in the studios, could be analyzed and viewed detail the elaboration and the final work before the introduction of the special effects.

On August 16, 2013, two main characters were announced, Addison Timlin would play Lucinda "Luce" Price and Jeremy Irvine would play Daniel Grigori, both were released by writer Lauren Kate on their website. Later on September 25, 2013 it was officially announced that the Australian Harrison Gilbertson would play Cameron "Cam" Briel, the third main character. On January 19, 2014 it was officially confirmed in Australia "IF" magazine on its website that Australia's Sianoa Smit-McPhee would play "Molly", the antagonistic character.

On February 17, it was announced by a Twitter message in the official account of the actress Hermione Corfield her stay in Budapest, days later would confirm her participation in the adaptation of Fallen side in the role of "Gabbe." On March 1, 2014 actress Juliet Aubrey confirmed her involvement in the adaptation as Luce's mother, Doreen Price. On February 18, 2014 was officially announced that actress Daisy Head would play Arriane Alter, this was released by the father of the actress via Twitter. On April 9, 2014, the remaining members of the rest of the cast were officially announced on the website of Fallen Writer, Lauren Kate. The actor Malachi Kirby will play Roland Sparks, the English actress Lola Kirke will be the one of life to Penn and Chris Ashby like Todd Hammond, the other actors that already had been confirmed like Hermione Corfield (Gabbe), Daisy Head (Arriane Alter) and Sianoa Smit-McPhee (Molly), have also been confirmed by the writer officially on their website, later the rest of the remaining characters were officially confirmed.

Curiously, the actor Jeremy Irvine who incarnated fallen angel (Daniel), was involved in the casting process for other young adult franchises that became adapted into films, such as, "The Hunger Games" for the role of Peeta Mellark and in "Divergent" for the role of Tobias 'Four' Eaton; both were rejected by him. Later in the auditions of "Fallen", Irvine was fascinated by the script and chose to stay with the project.

After the change of producers, the producers and the director Scott Hicks began the search of the set, the chosen place was the European country of Hungary; Approximately 2 km from the capital of Hungary was the place chosen to begin the recordings, but were different places where Dark was recorded, the first was Tura Castle, would be the main enclosure that would conform to Sword & Cross, together with the castle Wenckheim-kastély (Szabadkígyós) also located in Hungary, the library would be another enclosure apart where they were filmed, the three buildings formed the reformatory. Subsequently, filming date had been established at the beginning of September, but was delayed until February 9, 2014 in Budapest. There were five months of recordings plus two extra weeks of voice recording between the end of July and August.

The first building forms the classrooms, the reception and the bedrooms, the second building houses the swimming pool and the third building houses the library; it is noteworthy that the cemetery that is narrated in the book was omitted.

By the end of 2016, the trailer for "Fallen" leaked in the Philippines, the first country to be chosen for the premiere of the film, with low resolution and poor quality of image and sound. Lotus Entertainment had to re-edit the trailer, modify small scenes and include credits at the end, once it had leaked.

The leak forced the company to set a release date. It started a speculation about the delay the film suffered for years. However it was known that "Fallen" did not have a distribution company. Later Relativity Media, directed by Ryan Kavanaugh, was interested in distributing it, after several days of negotiation. In the end the release date was greenlit, with the premiere taking place at the Philippines. The film was scheduled to be released on September 1, 2017, by Vertical Entertainment.

In December 2016, the film was promoted at the Brazilian Comic-Con Experiencie in São Paulo, where "Fallen" had its own panel. A press conference took place with Lauren Kate (writer of Fallen) and Addison Timlin (Lucinda Price). During the event the Brazilian trailer was shown for the fans.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 7% based on 14 reviews, with an average rating of 3.2/10.

In December 2014, it was announced that "Torment", the second installment in the "Fallen" book series, was in development. It is unknown whether the last two novels, "Passion" and "Rapture", and the spin-off novel, "Unforgiven", will be adapted as well. In 2017, producer Kevan Van Thompson asked the fans if they want an adaptation of "Torment", leaving the possibility open.

On November 9, 2019 producer Kevan Van Thompson tweeted that he "needs a script for the next chapter in the "Fallen" series. Dying to make it for those amazing fans." Which was met with an instant viral response from fans, leaving the possibility for a series or movie adaptation open inspiring those fans to create the hashtag #MakeFallenHappen targeting streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, FX and Disney to pick it up.



</doc>
<doc id="42727107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42727107" title="Dark Touch">
Dark Touch

Dark Touch is a 2013 Irish-French-Swedish supernatural horror film that was directed and written by Marina de Van. The film had its world premiere on April 18, 2013 at the Tribeca Film Festival and stars Missy Keating as the sole survivor of a bloody massacre that caused the deaths of her family.

Eleven-year-old Niamh (Missy Keating) and her family live in an extremely small and isolated community in Ireland where her only contact with other people comes in the form of school and her neighbors Nat (Marcella Plunkett) and Lucas (Pádraic Delaney). She claims that their house is coming alive but when Nat and Lucas discover Niamh bruised and bloody, her parents say that Niamh herself is causing the destruction. Niamh is later discovered as the sole survivor of an extremely violent attack that killed everyone else in the house. She tells the police that the house is responsible for her parents' deaths and for her infant brother's suffocation in her arms, but the police attribute the massacre to vandals. Niamh's neighbors decide to take her in and try to help soothe her pain, but they soon find that whatever caused the problems in Niamh's old house are now beginning to present themselves in their home.


Critical reception for "Dark Touch" has been mostly positive and the film holds a rating of 73% on "Rotten Tomatoes" (based on 11 reviews) and 64 on "Metacritic" (based on 5 reviews).



</doc>
<doc id="42728012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42728012" title="Feast (2014 film)">
Feast (2014 film)

Feast is a 2014 American 2D animated romantic comedy short film directed by Patrick Osborne, and produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It made its world premiere on June 10, 2014, at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival and debuted in theaters with "Big Hero 6" on November 7, 2014.

The short won both an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 87th Academy Awards, and the Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject at the 42nd Annie Awards.

While licking at discarded fast food wrappers, a stray male Boston Terrier puppy spots a French fry dropped on the ground and eats it. James, the man who dropped the fry, offers a second one to the puppy and decides to adopt him as his pet. James names him Winston and begins feeding him portions of his own meals and junk food in addition to regular kibble.

One day, James begins a relationship with a waitress, named Kirby, at a local restaurant. She persuades him to take up a healthier diet and lifestyle, but the change upsets Winston as the leftovers James slips to him now consist of vegetables, which disgust him. However, the couple break up after an argument, sending James into a deep depression and causing him to revert to his old eating habits. Winston is initially gleeful to eat junk food again, but he soon recognizes James's low spirits. Seeing a piece of parsley that has reminded James of Kirby and the meals they used to prepare together, Winston decides to bring them back together and steals it, leading to a chase as he brings it to Kirby and overcomes several temptations of delicious food. James follows Winston to the restaurant, where he reconciles with Kirby, and the two marry soon afterward. Winston, relieved that his master is happy again, is initially content to eat normal dog food. 

Some time after the couple have moved into a new house, Winston spots a couple of meatballs that have rolled across the kitchen floor and eats them. Following the trail of sauce they have left behind, he reaches the base of a high chair occupied by the couple's infant child, who happily throws another meatball to him. As the film ends, Winston gets ready to feast on a tray of cupcakes knocked off a table by one of their kids during their baby's first birthday party.


Prior to working on "Feast", Patrick Osborne was co-head of animation on "Big Hero 6". The idea for the short film started from an app called 1secondeveryday, which allows a user to record 1-second-long video snippets each day and cut them into a movie. Osborne used the app to create a film of dinners he ate in 2012, which he thought could form the basis for a nice short film.

Following the previous Walt Disney Animation Studios short films "Paperman" and "Get a Horse!", the studio decided to formalize a program for pitching shorts. Pixar had long had a steady system for producing short films to accompany theatrical releases, but it was something that Disney Animation no longer generally did. The program was open to pitches from any Walt Disney Animation Studios employee. Osborne pitched his idea to tell a story about a family from the perspective of their dog through the meals they eat. The project was green-lit in October 2013, with a deadline of June 10, 2014, for premiere at Annecy; "Feast" was completed three days before the festival. "Feast" was the first film that Osborne has directed.

"Feast" was animated using the Meander system developed for "Paperman", and was the first time the tool was used in color. "Feast" was rendered using Hyperion, the rendering system built for "Big Hero 6".

The characters and environment feature a line-free style with solid blocks of color. The camera focused on Winston and the food while leaving the human characters generally out of focus. Because the film consists of a series of very brief scenes cut together, the foods portrayed had to be appetizing and recognizable at first glance.

Winston was made a Boston Terrier for three main reasons. The filmmakers wanted a breed that does not appear in any prior Disney film. The breed is small so that he can be shown being promoted to a chair at the table and demoted back to the floor. Because of the flat style of the film, a breed with distinct markings like the Boston Terrier helps cue the audience to subtle movements.

"Feast" made its home media debut on the Blu-ray and DVD releases of "Big Hero 6" on February 24, 2015. "Feast" is also included with the digital iTunes release of "Big Hero 6". "Feast" was released on the "Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection" Blu-ray on August 18, 2015.

Writing for "Variety", critic Peter Debruge described the audience reaction at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, saying that "to call 'Feast' a hit with that crowd would be an understatement". As the credits rolled, the audience clapped loudly and stomped their feet on the bleacher seating.

"Feast" won the Annie Award for Best Animated Short Subject at the 42nd Annie Awards and the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 87th Academy Awards.

"Feast" is parodied at the beginning of the episode "Friend with Benefit" of the 27th season of the animated series "The Simpsons".



</doc>
<doc id="42728949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42728949" title="Welcome to New York (2014 film)">
Welcome to New York (2014 film)

Welcome to New York is a 2014 French-American drama film co-written and directed by Abel Ferrara. Inspired by the Dominique Strauss-Kahn affair, the film was released on 17 May 2014 by VOD on the Internet as the film failed to secure a place on the Official Selection at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival (where it was given a special market screening), nor was it picked up for theatrical distribution in France. The film faced self-censorship by the French media, according to Vincent Maraval, one of the producers. 

The film tells the story of a powerful man, a possible candidate for the Presidency of France, who lives a life of debauchery and is arrested after being accused of raping a maid at his hotel.


On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 76% based on 54 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads, "Led by a fearless performance from Gerard Depardieu, Welcome to New York is director Abel Ferrara at his most repulsive -- and most compulsively watchable."

Following its release – to mixed reviews varying from high praise to outright disgust – Strauss-Kahn said he would sue for slander. His lawyer also complained that the film portrayed his then-wife Anne Sinclair as anti-Semitic.

Ferrara, in a series of interviews with Indiewire, "The Hollywood Reporter" and other publications between September 2014 and March 2015, claimed that his distributor, Vincent Maraval of Wild Bunch, sold an unauthorized R-rated version of the film to IFC Films, for distribution in the US; the R-rated cut had already been released on Blu-ray and VOD in various European countries. Maraval subsequently responded that Ferrara had agreed on the R-rated cut to receive more financing for the film and had also contractually consented to lose final cut of the R-rated version if he did not deliver one by a certain date. Ferrara then stated his intent to send a cease-and-desist letter to Maraval and IFC, which issued its own statement also claiming that it had given Ferrara the chance to deliver his own R-rated cut for theatrical showings in the US, which he declined to do. As of March 27, the R-rated cut has only been shown at one American theater – the Roxie in San Francisco – though it is available in the US on VOD, and IFC has stated it intends to show it at additional theaters.



</doc>
<doc id="42733183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42733183" title="The Charge of the Gauchos">
The Charge of the Gauchos

The Charge of the Gauchos (Argentine title: Una nueva y gloriosa nación) is a 1928 American-Argentine silent historical film directed by Albert H. Kelley and starring Francis X. Bushman, Jacqueline Logan and Guido Trento. Bushman plays Manuel Belgrano, the leader of the 1810 May Revolution. The film's Spanish title refers to a line from the Argentine national anthem. It was made as a patriotic endeavor designed to boost the small Argentine film industry, but with enough action and romance to appeal to international audiences particularly in the UK and the United States. The film is also titled "The Beautiful Spy".

Belgrano (Bushman) is leading a revolt against Spanish rule. His sweetheart, Monica (Logan), the daughter of a Spanish loyalist, is acting as a spy and supplying information. Monica is captured and sentenced to be executed. Belgrano has to rally his supporters to free her.


The Spanish-born Argentine producer Julián Ajuria was unhappy with previous representations of Argentina in Hollywood films. After failing to secure Hollywood backing for his project, he raised the finances elsewhere but decided to shoot in North America with a largely American cast in order to boost the film's chances of a good release there. Bushman had been a major star during the silent era, although his career was starting to decline.

Ajuria went to great lengths to recreate authentic costumes and settings of the period. During its production, the film was criticized by Argentine newspapers who felt that it would be another Hollywood-style retelling of Argentina's history, but these attitudes began to change once preview screenings were held.

The film premiered on March 10, 1928 at the Cervantes Theatre in Buenos Aires. It went on release in the United States in September the same year, distributed by FBO which shortly afterwards merged into the major RKO Pictures. The running time of the film was significantly cut down, and it was generally shown as part of a double bill. It was not successful, partly due to the arrival of sound which made silent films noncommercial. However, in Argentina it was exceptionally popular, and remained in release for two whole years. It was the most popular silent film ever released in the country. Ajuria's hope that it would stimulate the creation of an Argentinian film industry, but this not immediately happen.

It was for many years considered a lost film, until its rediscovery and screening in 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="42739169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42739169" title="Avenger (film)">
Avenger (film)

Avenger is a 2006 television film directed by Robert Markowitz and starring Sam Elliott and Timothy Hutton. It is based on the novel "Avenger" by Frederick Forsyth.

A CIA agent steps in to stop a former special forces operative on a for-hire mission that poses a global threat.


The film was shot in Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.

The television film was broadcast on Turner Network Television on Sunday, April 9, 2006. It was then released on DVD on October 3, 2006. It has a 5.7 rating on imdb.com.



</doc>
<doc id="42739493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42739493" title="Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse">
Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse

Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse is a 2015 American zombie comedy film directed by Christopher B. Landon and written by Landon, Carrie Evans, Emi Mochizuki and Lona Williams. The film stars Tye Sheridan, Logan Miller, Joey Morgan, Sarah Dumont and David Koechner. The film was released on October 30, 2015 by Paramount Pictures.

A janitor is seen cleaning in a laboratory and interrupting a scientist as he asks to clean the floors of the area he is working in. The scientist agrees and retreats to the hallway to a vending machine. The janitor accidentally knocks off a life monitor attached to a man, in his attempt to revive the man he gives chest compresses but his hands rip through the flesh as the man awakens and attacks the janitor. Moments later the janitor attacks the scientist in the hallway.

Three high school sophomores, Ben (Sheridan), Carter (Miller), and Augie (Morgan), are trying to recruit new members for their Scout group, led by their Scout Leader Rogers (Koechner). While Augie has always been happy about being a Scout, Ben and Carter have second thoughts. Carter tries convincing Ben to quit but he can't as Augie is about to get his Condor Patch. Their conversation of quitting is cut short when Ben accidentally hits a deer. They manage to get help from Carter's sister, Kendall, and her friends. Ben, who's had a crush on Kendall, gets some advice from her and they all see that the dead deer has vanished. Before they leave, the two are invited to the "Secret Seniors Party" and Carter is given the address. When they go to get alcohol for the party, they meet Denise, a cocktail waitress that works at a strip club. She and Ben hit it off and she agrees to buy the alcohol for them. The two then meet up with Augie in the woods so they can set up their campsite. That night, still concerned about the disappearance of Scout Leader Rogers, the trio talk about how great their friendship has been before heading to sleep. Before the night is out, Carter wakes Ben so they can attend the party. Augie catches up, however, and is disappointed by their choice. The two drive into town to find that the bouncer for the strip club is no longer there and they sneak in. The two are immediately attacked by a zombie bouncer and stripper before being saved by a shotgun wielding Denise. Augie goes to Scout Leader Rogers' house to find him, only to be attacked by Scout Leader Rogers as a zombie. Augie manages to deter him, and flee the scene.

Ben, Carter, and Denise go to the police station to discover that the town has been evacuated, before they are chased by a zombie horde into a holding cell. They wait for hours when the zombies hear music from outside and leave. Augie, seeing Ben's car, runs in and unlocks the cell, freeing them. They all escape and make their way down the freeway. After walking for a bit, the four are picked up by Corporal Reeves. They drive to the party to see if anyone is evacuated, only to find that the address that was sent to Carter was fake. The group starts to argue, but Reeves was bitten prior to meeting them and has now turned into a zombie. Denise kills him and they try to get a signal on his radio. They hear information about bombing the town and start panicking. Carter then remembers his sister's diary has the party information in it. The four take the vehicle and drive to Carter's house. Once there, they manage to get the diary. But, more zombies arrive, and proceed to chase after the trio. They manage to escape using a trampoline to get to the now zombified neighbor, Ms. Fielder's house. From there, they take her car and head off down the road. The four find a dirt bike down the road and Denise takes it so she can get the military. Now left by themselves, Ben, Carter, and Augie weapon up at a hardware store and head to the party.

The zombies find the party, and proceed to attack the partygoers, until the trio turns up, armed with weapons and they proceed to kill the zombies. Once they run out of ammo, they lock themselves in the building and the zombies follow them upstairs. Ben and Carter barricade the door when Augie reveals that he's built a bomb that was hidden in Ben's backpack. He manages to light the fuse when the zombies burst in and the three escape through a garbage chute just as it explodes, killing all the zombies. Denise and the military arrive at the scene, setting up medical tents and helping the survivors while the Scouts reconcile their friendship and Ben and Kendall kiss.

Prior to this film Christopher Landon worked on three movies in the Paranormal Activity series and enjoyed the chance to do something more lighthearted.
He noted the comparisons in the script to various 80s movies stating "When I read the first script, I was like, 'Wow, I can actually make a gory R-rated version of "The Goonies" and "Gremlins" or even "Monster Squad"' " At the same time Landon noted that he wanted the film to not be a complete throwback and wanted to modernize the genre some, a task he compared to a similar issue with Disturbia in trying to modernize a Hitchcockian thriller.

Although initially set for a March 13, 2015 date, it was eventually pushed back to October 30, 2015.

Principal photography began on May 8, 2014 in Los Angeles.

In July 2015, Paramount announced that it had struck a deal with AMC Entertainment and Cineplex Entertainment to make "Scouts Guide" and "" available digitally, 17 days after they dropped below 300 theaters, as part of a larger experiment, and asked other theaters to join in. In return, Paramount would share an undisclosed portion of proceeds of the VOD revenues. Per industry sources, Paramount gave participating exhibitors an estimated 2-4% share of the studio's digital revenue made between the time the film dropped below 300 theaters and 90 days after its opening date. Participants in Paramount's formula include AMC, Canada's Cineplex, National Amusements, and Alamo Drafthouse. But many circuits, including Regal Cinema, Cinemark, and Carmike, rejected Paramount's offer to release in VOD. This meant that both films would only go out in roughly 1,350 North American theaters when opening on October 23 and 30—compared to 2,883 theaters for "" and well north of 3,000 theaters for each of the previous three "PA" installments. The impetus for Paramount's experimentation with this approach, with these two-younger demographic genre movies—which many have deemed box office failures—is the theatrical failure of MGM's "Hot Tub Time Machine 2". Rob Moore, vice chairman of Paramount Pictures, said: "There is no question that we are going to do less theatrically, but I believe we will make it up digitally. This is about the long-term health of the business, so there is not this long period of time when a consumer can't watch a movie."

"Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" grossed $3.7 million in North America and $12.4 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $16.1 million. The production budget was $24 million, and received $3 million in incentives and rebates as part of the California Film and Television Tax Credit Program.

The film opened on October 30, 2015, alongside "Burnt" and "Our Brand Is Crisis". The film was initially projected to gross $2–4 million from 1,509 theaters in its opening weekend but ended up grossing $1.8 million, finishing 12th at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 44% based on 92 reviews, and an average rating of 4.8/10. The site's consensus reads, ""Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" fails to live up to its intriguingly wacky title, instead delivering yet another zombie comedy-thriller with a tired T&A twist." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 32 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–", on an A+ to F scale.

Katie Rife from The A.V. Club gave the film a C− grade, commenting: "If "Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" is the future, maybe the world should end." Tim Janson from the SciFi Movie Page rated the film 41% out of 100%, saying: "This zombie comedy is short on laughs."

The film was released on December 8, 2015 onto Digital HD and On Demand, and on January 5, 2016 on DVD and Blu-ray.




</doc>
<doc id="42740056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42740056" title="Dragon Blade (film)">
Dragon Blade (film)

Dragon Blade is a 2015 Chinese-Hong Konger historical action film written and directed by Daniel Lee and starring Jackie Chan. In the film, Chan plays Huo An, the commander of the Protection Squad of the Western Regions during the Han Dynasty. "Dragon Blade" was released in IMAX 3D on 19 February 2015, the first day of the Chinese New Year holiday period. The film was released in the United States on 4 September 2015 by Lionsgate Premiere.

In northwest China, 48 BC (50 BC on screen in the English version), a security company under Han China's current government called The Silk Road Protection Squad is committed to stopping battles and promoting the idea of peace. Huo An (Jackie Chan), the captain, successfully averts a battle. The group returns to their unnamed home city, where Huo An's gentle Uyghur wife Xiuqing (Mika Wang) serves as a schoolteacher for orphans. However, the government uncovers evidence that someone in the group is corrupt, causing the entire group to be sentenced to construction work at Wild Geese Gate, a ruined fortress. Once they arrive, the group pays respects at the shrine of a fallen Chinese general. They originally were child-slaves of Han descent, but the general had later rescued them.

Not long after, Wild Geese Gate is threatened by a legion from the Roman Empire in need of water and supplies, among which is a blind boy named Publius (Jozef Waite). After a stale-mated duel between Huo An and Lucius (Cusack), the Roman general, the latter agrees not to assault the city in return for being let inside. The legion uses its superior engineering skills to speed up the construction work, an act which boosts the morale and happiness of the inhabitants, who are divided among several different ethnic groups, such as Chinese, Uyghur, and Turkic. Huo An returns the favor by sending men to assist Lucius's envoys in reaching the Parthian Empire. A celebration is later held and Huo An is made an honorary centurion.

Lucius reveals that he and Publius are fleeing from Publius's brother Tiberius (Brody), a corrupt soldier who murdered their father, a Roman consul, and blinded Publius so Tiberius could become consul. As Tiberius approaches with 100,000 soldiers, Huo An insists on helping Lucius, pointing out that Tiberius is a threat to the Silk Road in its entirety. Shortly after Huo An leaves to find reinforcements, the corrupt group member from earlier sends Chinese soldiers to murder Xiuqing and attack Wild Geese Gate. The legion is imprisoned in the non-Chinese trading city of Kroran, where Tiberius has chosen to camp. Tiberius proceeds to murder Publius.

Huo An and the few loyal Chinese soldiers travel to Kroran, pretending to surrender, but once they are inside, they destroy the Roman legion's cages. Huo An breaks into Lucius's special solitary cell, but is unable to free him. A fire breaks out, whereupon Lucius calls out to Huo An to 'take me home', and Huo An shoots an arrow to kill Lucius before the fire gets him. As Huo An's and Lucius's soldiers are surrounded, the armies of several other nations arrive and fight against Tiberius, including the Indians, Han, Uyghurs, and Turkics, all of whom are determined to preserve the Silk Road's safety. However, even their combined forces are unable to gain the upper hand. Finally, the envoys from earlier return with a massive host of Parthians, who had signed a special treaty with Publius's father and who intend to avenge his memory. Tiberius's soldiers lose their will to fight. Huo An challenges Tiberius to a duel and kills him.

Upon hearing about the bravery of Lucius's legion, the Chinese emperor grants them the right to establish their own city, which they choose to name Regum. They accept Huo An as their commander, and Huo An, in turn, honors the deceased Roman general by relocating the shrine to that city. As the centuries go on, the city fades from collective memory. However, in the modern day, a team of Asian American archaeologists stumble upon the site and uncover the dual Chinese and Latin inscriptions.

For the role of the Roman general, Lucius, Mel Gibson was initially rumored to be taking the role. During a press conference, neither Chan nor Lee confirmed Gibson's participation and Chan only said,

Principal photography for "Dragon Blade" started on 15 April 2014 in Hengdian, China with some battle scenes. The cast and crew encountered difficult filming conditions due to the heat, their heavy costume and long filming hours. Two days later, a press conference for "Dragon Blade" was held at the Beijing International Film Festival where star Jackie Chan and director Daniel Lee attended and announced the film to be released in IMAX 3D on 19 February 2015, the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year. Aside from Hengdian, production took place in Dunhuang and the Gobi Desert.

The film was shot with a budget of US$65 million. The film was financed by Sparkle Roll Media Corporation, Huayi Brothers Media Corporation, Shanghai Film Group, Home Media & Entertainment Fund, Tencent Video and the Beijing Cultural Assets Chinese Film and Television Fund. A signing ceremony for the launching of Beijing Cultural Assets Chinese Film and Television Fund also occurred there as "Dragon Blade" is the first film to receive an investment from the fund. International distribution of the film outside of China was handled by Golden Network Asia.

"Dragon Blade" was a commercial success in its native country, China. It opened Thursday, February 19 in China and grossed US$18.7 million on the opening day. Through Sunday, February 22, it had a 3-day opening weekend total of US$33 million, topping the Chinese box office (US$54.8 million from Thursday - Sunday) from 132,874 screenings and 8.14 million admissions. Through its opening week it earned US$72 million. The film fell to number three the following weekend, earning US$45.9 million (down 19%). As of March 15, 2015, "Dragon Blade" has earned US$120 million in China alone.

"Dragon Blade" has received a mixed reception, but with praise for its large-scale battle sequences, production design, and mixing of styles from both Hollywood and East Asian cinema. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 34% approval rating and rating average score of 4.3/10. The site's consensus reads, ""Dragon Blade" is beautifully staged and choreographed, but between the battles, its talented cast is overwhelmed by a dull story and choppy editing." Despite this 89% of users on Google enjoyed watching this film

"Variety"s Maggie Lee applauded the film for its overall technical details and concluded it to be "a colossal entertainment with solid technique and terrific storytelling smarts". Clarence Tsui of "The Hollywood Reporter" complimented "Dragon Blade" for its filmmaking quality and screenplay for a primarily mainland Chinese production.

IGN awarded it a score of 6 out of 10, saying "The story is rubbish, but "Dragon Blade" has some cool fight scenes thanks to Jackie Chan's action direction." In a negative review, Gabriel Chong from MovieXclusive.com panned "Dragon Blade" as being "utterly awful in every respect", criticizing the performances of the starring cast and inconsistent changes in tone. He writes: "Indeed, "Dragon Blade" is a hot mess and a spectacular misfire, not just by its star but also by its director, and if anything, further confirms that the once-promising careers of Hollywood stars John Cusack and Adrien Brody are going the way of Nicolas Cage".

Indian media gave overwhelmingly negative review on the movie. Claiming the movie to be "a Chinese propagandist film", "The Hindu's" Venky Vembu criticized the film's lack of subtle messages and disapproved of the characterizations, writing: "I watched this film in 3D, but given the two-dimensional nature of the cardboard characters, I don't think the third D would have vastly enhanced my view experience." IANS also labeled the film as "Chinese torture", but did commend the film for its action choreography and Jackie Chan's performance as the Chinese General Huo An: "With ample footage in action and emotional scenes, [Huo An] is one of the best characters Chan has portrayed in recent years."

Marcus Licinius Crassus invaded Parthia in 53 BC, but most of his entire army was destroyed. The historian Homer H. Dubs speculated in 1941 that Roman prisoners of war who were transferred to the eastern border of the Parthian empire might later have clashed with Han troops there. Similar claims, and even a Roman force defecting to China, have been made since. These include a supposed Roman town near modern Liqian. But most historians do not accept this. 

The first undisputed contact was much later, in 161 AD. An embassy from Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius or his successor Marcus Aurelius reached the Chinese Emperor Huan of Han at Luoyang.




</doc>
<doc id="42742697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42742697" title="White God">
White God

White God () is a 2014 Hungarian drama film directed by Kornél Mundruczó and starring Zsófia Psotta. The film premiered on 17 May 2014, as part of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

The film follows the mixed-breed dog Hagen, who befriends 13-year old Lili and comforts her in her confusion as she goes to live with her strict, estranged father, who has not seen Lili since she was a small child. Because Hagen is a mixed-breed, he is subject to a large "mongrel" fee imposed by the Hungarian government, which Lili's father is unwilling to pay, offering instead to buy Lili a purebred dog if only she will get rid of Hagen. Lili is angry that her father thinks Hagen can be so easily replaced, and the incident underscores the lack of understanding between father and daughter.

Fearful that her father will get rid of Hagen while she is away, Lili takes the dog to her music class, where his appearance causes chaos. The teacher threatens to kick Lili out of music class unless she takes the dog outside and remains in the class. Instead, Lili strikes out with Hagen into the city, but they are found by her father, who left work to look for them after the music teacher phoned him. Lili's father is embarrassed by the incident, and in his anger, he drives Hagen to the outskirts of the city and abandons him on the side of the road. Hagen chases after their car but is unable to follow them.

Hagen begins a lonely journey wandering the city. He eventually befriends a white dog after it saves him from an angry butcher. After spending the night with other street dogs, a dog catcher pursues Hagen and the other street dogs. After a long chase, Hagen avoids the dog catchers with the help of a homeless man. However, the man sells Hagen to a dog fighting ring, where he is chained, starved, and trained to kill. In his first fight, he kills his opponent and escapes. He is caught by animal control officers and brought to the city dog pound. 

Meanwhile Lili, still angry with her father and upset by the loss of Hagen, goes to a party where she drinks alcohol. The party is raided by the police, and Lili is taken to the station and her father called. Arriving to pick her up, her father breaks into tears and admits that he was wrong to get rid of Hagen and that while he does not understand the now-teenage Lili, he still loves her. The two reconcile and her father, in a gesture of getting reacquainted with his daughter, promises to attend her upcoming concert. 

On the other side of the city, Hagen escapes from the pound after killing one of the staff. He breaks open the cages and frees the other dogs, who follow him into the city. With Hagen as their leader, the dogs start an uprising against their human oppressors, wreaking mayhem as Hagen locates and kills all the people who harmed him. The pack reaches the concert hall where Lili is playing, and the concert-goers barricade themselves within for safety. Spotting Hagen, Lili sneaks out of the concert hall and follows the dog pack on her bicycle.

Followed by his army, Hagen goes to the slaughterhouse where Lili's father works, where they appear on the verge of taking revenge on him when Lili arrives. At first, Hagen growls at Lili and has his army behind and around him. Her father rushes from the building armed with a blowtorch to defend his daughter, but instead, Lili plays Franz Liszt's "Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2" on her trumpet. Hagen seems to forgive her and lies down to listen. All the other dogs lie down in a gesture of reconciliation as Lili sits in their midst and continues to play. She then lies down facing Hagen. Her father, stunned at the scene, puts down his weapon and goes to lie down beside his daughter.


Approximately 250 dogs were used in the film. With the exception of Bodie and Luke (the pair of brother dogs that portray Hagen), all the animals extras were dogs recruited from shelters or from the streets of the location shooting and trained with an eye toward their humane treatment and ultimate rehabilitation by Teresa Anne Miller, daughter of Hollywood animal trainer Karl Lee Miller whose work with animals includes films such as "Babe" and "Cujo". Approximately 98% of the dogs were adopted after filming. Representatives for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals were invited to make a statement on the animals' treatment during filming, but declined, stating that "We appreciated that they seemed to take some extra steps along the way so the dogs were comfortable and not hurt... but we cannot endorse a film without having visited the set."

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 88% based on 101 reviews, with an average rating of 7.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""White God" isn't an easy watch, but its soaring ambition and powerful acting — human and canine alike — make it well worth the effort." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 80 out of 100 from 29 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

"White God" won the Prize Un Certain Regard at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and the Octopus d'Or at the Strasbourg European Fantastic Film Festival for the Best International Feature Film. The dogs in the film were also awarded with the Palm Dog Award. The film was selected as the Hungarian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.




</doc>
<doc id="42743216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42743216" title="Tangier Incident (film)">
Tangier Incident (film)

Tangier Incident is a 1953 American thriller film directed by Lew Landers and starring George Brent, Mari Aldon and Dorothy Patrick. It was one of several films set in Tangier to be released during the decade.




</doc>
<doc id="42745432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42745432" title="Hot Pursuit (2015 film)">
Hot Pursuit (2015 film)

Hot Pursuit is a 2015 American action comedy film directed by Anne Fletcher and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was written by David Feeney and John Quaintance. Its story follows a police officer assigned to protect the widow of a drug boss from corrupt cops and criminals who want her dead as they race through Texas to avoid detection. It stars Reese Witherspoon and Sofía Vergara.

The film was produced by New Line Cinema, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and Pacific Standard and was released on May 8, 2015. It grossed $13.9 million during its opening weekend and $51.4 million worldwide, against a budget of $35 million. It received negative reviews and has a 7% approval rating based on 171 votes on Rotten Tomatoes.

Rose Cooper is a San Antonio Police Department officer whose work ethic is too intense. Cooper's name has become a verb synonymous with screw-ups, following an incident in which the mayor's son yells "Shotgun!", setting him on fire by tasing him while he carried an alcoholic drink. Her ineptness in the field has her assigned to the evidence locker.

Cooper's commanding officer, Captain Emmett, gives her a secret assignment to join Deputy US Marshal Jackson, protecting Felipe Riva and his wife Daniella. Riva must go to Dallas to testify against notorious cartel leader Vicente Cortez. At the Riva home, a pair of masked assassins and a different pair of assassins kill Jackson and Felipe while Cooper and Daniella are upstairs. Daniella grabs one suitcase, containing many pairs of shoes, and the ladies flee in Riva's car. When Daniella later tries to run off, Cooper handcuffs herself to her.

The ladies are found by Cooper's fellow officers Dixon and Hauser. When Cooper notices a tattoo that reveals the officers are one of the assassin teams, they pretend that Daniella is having her period so they can go to the bathroom. They escape and head for Dallas, where Daniella can testify against Cortez.

The ladies learn that Cooper is now labelled a fugitive, fleeing with Daniella. A truck plows into the car, spraying hidden cocaine everywhere. Cooper gets the truck driver to drop them at a clothing store, where Daniella and the very stoned Cooper change their clothing. When the pair of assassins show up, the ladies stow away in a trailer hooked to a pickup truck. When the truck stops, Cooper tries to steal it when the owner, Red, reappears with a gun. Daniella escapes, but comes back for Cooper and pretends to be her lesbian lover. She uncomfortably gropes Cooper, briefly distracting Red until he accidentally shoots off his finger. Cooper and Daniella flee, find another pickup truck, and drive away.

The ladies continue bonding, with Cooper admitting that her rigid and by-the-books nature has made it difficult to find a man. They are surprised to find a man named Randy sleeping in the back of the truck. Randy is a felon with an ankle bracelet due to viciously assaulting his sisters' abusive boyfriends. Cooper agrees to take off the bracelet in return for Randy's help. Daniella is pleased to see Randy flirting with Cooper.

Stopping at a hotel for the night, Cooper cuffs Daniella to the bedpost while she goes to Randy's room for food. She walks in on him naked and eventually succumbs to his charms and kisses him. Cooper goes back to her room to find Daniella aiming Cooper's gun at her, upset that Cooper's notes reveal her doubts that Daniella would be smart enough to properly testify. Daniella explains that her bag of shoes which were thought to be studded with fake diamonds are in fact studded with $4 million in real diamonds, revealing Cortez' money laundering method. When Dixon and Hauser appear and shoot at the ladies, Randy attacks Hauser, allowing the ladies to run.

They escape on a tour bus, followed by both pairs of assassins, using the bus to bump the dirty cops' car off the road. Daniella knocks out Cooper – when she comes to, Cooper sees Daniella working with the unnamed assassins. Cortez killed Daniella's brother, she plans to now kill him at his daughter's Quinceañera. Daniella had arranged for the thugs to simply "kidnap" her so she could get Cortez then start a life on her own. She leaves Cooper to bring in Dixon and Hauser, earning praise from Captain Emmett, who only laughs when she tells him Daniella's murder plan.

Cooper sneaks into the Quinceañera as a man to get close to Daniella. She tries to get her to wear a wire so that they can get Cortez to confess to her brother's murder, but a woman walking into the bathroom mistakes Cooper for a pervert and throws her out. She gets back into the party, running into Emmett and learning that he is working for Cortez. He pulls a gun on her, but Cooper pours alcohol on him and tases him so he catches fire.

Daniella corners Cortez and reveals her intentions to kill him. Cooper arrives and stops Daniella, but when Cortez draws a gun Cooper shoots him dead. Daniella is angry at Cooper for stealing her revenge, until she sees that Cooper took a bullet for her in the arm.

Three months later, Cooper picks Daniella up from prison after an obstruction of justice conviction. Cooper is no longer a laughingstock and is praised for taking down Cortez. Outside, she presents Daniella with her shoes. They leave together, and Daniella sees that Cooper brought Randy with her.


The film was originally titled "Don't Mess with Texas". Principal photography began on May 12, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana, and was set to last for two months.

The film's first trailer was released on February 12, 2015.

"Hot Pursuit" released in theaters on May 8, 2015. It was then released on Digital Download on July 28, 2015, and the DVD and Blu-ray were released on August 11, 2015.

"Hot Pursuit" grossed $34.6 million in the US and Canada, and $16.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $51.5 million.

In its opening weekend, the film grossed $13.9 million, finishing second at the box office behind "", which was in its second week ($77.7 million).

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 7% based on 170 reviews, and an average rating of 3.16/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Shrill and unfunny, "Hot Pursuit" bungles what should have been an easy opportunity to showcase Reese Witherspoon and Sofia Vergara's likable odd-couple chemistry." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 31 out of 100 based on 36 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". According to CinemaScore, audiences gave the film a grade of "C+" on an A+ to F scale.



</doc>
<doc id="42746245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42746245" title="Alien 2: On Earth">
Alien 2: On Earth

Alien 2: On Earth, also known as Alien Terror, is a 1980 Italian-American science fiction horror film, written and directed by Ciro Ippolito before the trademark "Alien" was registered. It was released following the success of the 1979 film "Alien" as an unofficial sequel, albeit having little connection to the film.

The film features a score by Guido De Angelis and Maurizio De Angelis, performed by the composers under the pseudonym Oliver Onions. The film co-starred a young Michele Soavi, years before he became a famed Italian horror film director in his own right, and a cameo appearance by Ciro Ippolito himself (in the role of "Joe"). It was filmed in California, the Cinecittà studios in Rome, and in the Castellana Caves.

As the world awaits the return of a crew of astronauts from a deep space mission, a young woman named Thelma Joyce appears on a television talk show to discuss caves. Soon after her interview begins, Thelma has a horrible psychic vision. After the spacecraft returns to Earth missing its occupants, a girl on a beach discovers a weird, blue, pulsating rock. Her mother soon finds her with her face ripped off.

Thelma and her husband Roy meet up with their friends for a trip to explore a cave. The group stops at a roadside café to buy food and change into their caving gear. Thelma's friend Burt discovers a blue rock that he decides to keep in his pack.

The group arrives at the cave, and quickly rappels to the bottom to set up camp for the night. Before falling asleep, Thelma tells Roy that she feels that something horrible is about to happen, but Roy calms her down.

The next day, Thelma's friend Jill discovers the blue rock that Burt found appears to be pulsating. The rock opens up and a creature attacks her face. Thelma witnesses the attack and panics. Roy calms her down, then decides to go find Jill's body.

Roy rappels down into a hole and finds Jill, alive and with her face intact. The rest of the group rappels down the hole as well and they strap Jill to a lifter so that she may be lifted out of the hole. Jill is set aside by herself, still unconscious. While the group prepares to climb out of the hole, a creature erupts from Jill's face and attacks Phil's neck. Phil is dragged upside down as the creature slices his neck repeatedly until his head falls off.

The group retreats though they are forced to initially go back to retrieve their equipment. The group splits up into teams to search for a way out, but to no avail. During the search Thelma reflects on what is happening and wonders if the disappearance of the astronauts is connected. Maurine stumbles upon a group of aliens who kill her and Burt who tries to save her. Roy hurts his ankle and is forced to sit and rest. Cliff opts to go and locate Burt and Maurine while the others rest. Thelma telepathically warns Cliff of a nearby alien after their radio goes dead, though Cliff is killed by the alien. Thelma and the others find Cliff who is actually an alien in disguise. Thelma uses her abilities to explode the imposter's head revealing the alien. The alien attacks the other member of the group while Thelma and Roy outrun the alien and escape the caves. On their way back to the city, they discover a police car, but no police officers are in sight. They stop at the roadside café again, but no one is there. Roy tries to call for help on a payphone, but no operator is available. They get back into the car and continue to drive to the city.

Thelma and Roy finally get back to the city, but strangely, they cannot find anyone. They stop at the bowling alley, only to find that it is also empty. Roy goes to the back, only to be killed by an alien waiting there. The alien chases Thelma through the bowling alley, until she hits it in the head and leaves. Thelma runs through the empty city streets, calling for help but getting no answer. She finally stops yelling and sits down in an intersection. Suddenly, text shoots at the screen, warning the audience "You may be next!", implying that the aliens have taken over Earth.


The film was released theatrically in Italy on April 11, 1980 as "Alien 2: Sulla Terra" ('"Alien 2: On Earth") and in West Germany on March 19, 1982 as "Alien, die Saat des Grauens kehrt zurück" ("Alien, the Seed of Horror Returns").
The English-dubbed version was released theatrically in a limited way by Cinema Shares International Distribution (which distributed films such as "Creature from Black Lake", "Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla" and "The Pod People").

On March 22, 2011, Midnight Legacy re-released the English-dubbed version of the film on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States under its original title, "Alien 2: On Earth", in a 30,000 copy pressing. The re-release includes fully remastered picture and audio, although during the process, it was noted that some of the audio was missing and it had to be mixed from a variety of sources. This version of the film was believed to be longer than any other version, but a prior Italian television version contained additional scenes not present in the Midnight Legacy version. Midnight Legacy's release contains special effects outtakes and a Dutch trailer.

Adam Tyner of "DVD Talk" wrote, "James Cameron once summed up his followup to Alien as 'forty miles of bad road'. Alien 2, meanwhile, is 'eighty-four minutes of bad, period'."

Daryl Loomis of "DVD Verdict" said, "Some people will say that Alien 2: On Earth is a blatant ripoff and some will say that it's a terrible movie. All of those people are right, but given my track record, nobody should be surprised that I love it."




</doc>
<doc id="42748477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42748477" title="V/H/S: Viral">
V/H/S: Viral

V/H/S: Viral is a 2014 American anthology horror film from Bloody Disgusting. The final film in the "V/H/S" trilogy, created by Brad Miska, features a series of found-footage shorts written and directed by Nacho Vigalondo, Marcel Sarmiento, Gregg Bishop, Justin Benson and Aaron Scott Moorhead.

"V/H/S: Viral's" segments include the story of a deranged illusionist who obtains a magical object of great power; a homemade machine that opens a door to a parallel world; and teenage skaters who unwittingly become targets of a Mexican death cult ritual. An additional segment was filmed, but Todd Lincoln's short, "Gorgeous Vortex", was cut at the last minute since it did not fit in with the overall theme of the film. The short is included as an extra on the film's DVD and Blu-ray release, which starts after the credits for the main film end.


In the wrap-around, Kevin, an amateur videographer, constantly shoots footage of his girlfriend Iris, which she claims to enjoy. As we watch these initial images it becomes apparent that Kevin's grandmother is abusive, at one point bloodying his nose off-screen. Later in the evening, a high-speed pursuit, near his neighborhood, is broadcast on television, and he sees the opportunity to create a viral video. He is too late to shoot footage, the truck speeds past his house, though he sees Iris wander outside in a daze, after receiving a mysterious video call, and get abducted. Kevin chases after the truck, egged on by images of Iris broadcast to his cell phone. The truck circles the neighborhood repeatedly, and people receive strange images on their cell phones that cause them to become violently insane. When Kevin finally catches up to the truck he sees body parts strewn on the ground around it. He examines the driver's seat only to find it empty but with a pair of disembodied hands duct taped to the wheel. Upon examining the back of the truck, he finds a number of televisions stacked atop each other as in the first two movies. Iris appears on one of the tv screens and demands that Kevin upload the footage to broadcasters and presumably the internet as well. At first, he refuses but does as she says when Iris begins to brutally mutilate herself. The deed done, he exits the truck as the image of Iris on the screen continues to taunt him. Outside he discovers Iris' dead body slumped against the truck with her cellphone stuck in her mouth. Kevin realizes that he has been manipulated into uploading the videos and that Iris had been dead for some time. He pulls the phone out of her mouth and sees that it's in selfie-mode. He stares in shock at himself on the screen with his nose bleeding, implying he is affected by the videos as well. The closing shot shows a view of the Los Angeles skyline, smoke billowing up, lights flickering on and off and a helicopter circling overhead, revealing the uploaded videos have gone viral and have begun to affect thousands, thus fulfilling the grander threat introduced in the first two films.


Dante the Great, an untalented illusionist, discovers the infamous cloak of Houdini that grants him the power to perform real magic. He quickly becomes famous, though he learns that the cloak requires regular sacrifices to work. Dante hires a series of female assistants and videotapes their violent deaths at the hands of the cloak. When Scarlet, his latest assistant, discovers Dante's stash of tapes, she alerts the police. Dante uses his magic powers to escape captivity and kill an entire SWAT team. Scarlet then confronts him, and the two duel over the magic cloak. Though Scarlet is briefly able to take it from him, he overpowers her and recovers it. Before Dante can kill her, Scarlet uses a trick he taught her to immobilize him, and the cloak feeds on him instead. Scarlet burns the cloak, only to find it in her house; the segment ends as arms reach from inside the cloak and grab her, having selected her as the cloak’s new host.


On each side of an interdimensional portal, parallel versions of inventor Alfonso cautiously greet each other. Overcome by curiosity, the two explore each other's worlds. At first, the worlds seem exact mirrored duplicates, but they are revealed to hold divergent dominant religions. As a pornographic snuff film plays in the background, his wife Marta prompts him to perform a ceremony with two men. Disturbed, Alfonso leaves the house and sees a large blimp with an inverted cross. When he attempts to record it, he gets spotted by two Orioles, who chase Alfonso before catching him. Their eyes and mouth turn bright red, and one of the Orioles takes his pants off to reveal his demonic penis. He manages to stab it and flees back to his house, where Marta takes off her robe to reveal her demonic vagina. Terrified, Alfonso punches her and flees back to his world, where the demonic Alfonso has already attacked the normal version of Marta as she slept before he stabs his normal self and returns to his own world. The two versions of Marta each kill their husbands, blaming them for the actions of their double.

A trio of skateboarders perform various stunts as the videographer they hired pushes them into increasingly dangerous circumstances in the hopes of filming a snuff film. After they become bored, the videographer suggests they continue the film shoot in Tijuana, where they subsequently become lost after buying fireworks. Once they find a suitable place, a flood channel, the videographer encourages them to again perform more stunts. When one of the skateboarders injures himself and bleeds on a large pentagram drawn on the ground, his blood quickly boils despite the apparent normal temperature of the pavement on which the pentagram is drawn. Almost immediately, a group of cloaked cultists attacks them. Using pistols and improvised weapons, including their skateboards, the skateboarders kill the cultists, and all but two of the skateboarders are killed in the ensuing fight. The dead cultists then rise as decomposing corpses, and mount a second attack, only to be killed and brought back to life once again, this time reanimating in the form of living skeletons. Using the fireworks they bought earlier, the skateboarders destroy several of the skeletons. The surviving skateboarders then flee back toward the border as a monstrous creature appears and presumably eats the videographer along with his camera.

"V/H/S: Viral" was filmed from May 1, 2014, until May 8, 2014. It was completed on July 1, 2014.

The film was released through Video on Demand on October 23, 2014, and was released in select theaters on November 21. The home-release on Blu-ray disc and DVD was on February 17, 2015, through Magnet Releasing. Magnet Releasing premiered the film on March 20, 2015, on Netflix Instant.

Most reviews for the film have been negative. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film currently holds a score of 34% and an average rating of 3.69/10 based on 32 reviews. Metacritic gives the film a score of 38/100 based on reviews from 12 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews" from critics. Peter Debruge of "Variety" described the film as "three playful yet thoroughly disposable experiments in short-form p.o.v. cinema". Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, "Lacking the originality of the first film and the superior entries of the second, "V/H/S Viral" spirals downwards towards the same sort of obsolescence as the home video format that provides its title." A. A. Dowd of "The A.V. Club" rated it D+ and called it "slapdash and ineffectual". Jordan Hoffman of "The Guardian" rated it 1/5 stars and wrote, "Besides one bright spot involving razor-sharp genitals, this horror compilation is bereft of thrills, scares or creativity." Shawn Macomber of "Fangoria" rated it 3/4 stars and wrote that the change in tone from previous entries in the film series will alienate some fans but is a "welcome breather". Brad McHargue of Dread Central rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "The shorts that comprise "V/H/S Viral" are inventive enough to make up for the blunder that is Sarmiento's wraparound, even if each one breaks the found footage 'rules' in egregious ways." Luke Owen of Flickering Myth writes “Dante the Great has some amazing visuals, a wickedly fun fight scene and an amazing style. Both Vigalondo’s Parallel Monsters and Bishop’s Dante the Great deserve to be in a much better anthology horror movie.”




</doc>
<doc id="42754824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42754824" title="Drunktown's Finest">
Drunktown's Finest

Drunktown's Finest is an American drama film directed by Sydney Freeland. The film had its world premiere at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 18, 2014. The film later screened at "Sundance London Film Festival" on April 25, 2014.

The film was acquired by Sundance Channel after its premiere at Sundance Film Festival and was scheduled to broadcast in 2014.

Three young Navajo Native Americans - an adopted Native girl, a young father-to-be, and a trans woman who dreams of being a model - strive to escape the hardships of life on an Indian reservation. Nizhoni seeks out her past, well after being adopted by a white Christian family, Felixia, a trans woman, pursues a spot in the "women of the tribe" calendar, and Sickboy is headed to basic training so he can take care of his soon-to-be-born child.


"Drunktown's Finest" received positive reviews from critics. Geoff Berkshire of "Variety", said in his review that "Freeland takes her time bringing her characters together, allowing the audience an opportunity to marinate in the unique experiences of each individual first. The slow-burn approach is smartly executed, and the intersecting plotlines veer toward schematic only during Sick Boy and Felixia’s chance encounter at a grocery store, which leads to an eventful night out." John DeFore in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film by saying that "Native American themes get a fresh look in three-handed drama." Gary Green of "HeyUGuys" gave the film three stars by saying that "Drunktown's Finest - A low-budget picture with bigger things on its mind." 



</doc>
<doc id="42765652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42765652" title="Hope (2014 film)">
Hope (2014 film)

Hope is a 2014 French drama film directed by Boris Lojkine. It was screened as part of the International Critics' Week section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival where it won the SACD Award.



</doc>
<doc id="42765734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42765734" title="Darker Than Midnight">
Darker Than Midnight

Darker Than Midnight () is a 2014 Italian drama film directed by Sebastiano Riso. It was screened as part of the International Critics' Week section at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="42767725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42767725" title="Charlie Chan Carries On (film)">
Charlie Chan Carries On (film)

Charlie Chan Carries On is a 1931 American pre-Code mystery film directed by Hamilton MacFadden and starring Warner Oland, John Garrick and Marguerite Churchill. It is the very first appearance of Warner Oland as Charlie Chan. Part of the long-running Charlie Chan series, it was based on the 1930 novel of the same title by Earl Derr Biggers. It is now considered a lost film; however, Fox simultaneously filmed a Spanish-language version which was released under the title "Eran Trece"—"There Were Thirteen"—and this version survives.

Charlie Chan tries to solve the murder of a wealthy American found dead in a London hotel room. Settings include London, Nice, France, San Remo, Honolulu and Hong Kong.





</doc>
<doc id="42767936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42767936" title="Crazy That Way">
Crazy That Way

Crazy That Way is a 1930 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Hamilton MacFadden and starring Kenneth MacKenna, Joan Bennett and Regis Toomey, and based on the play "In Love With Love" by Vincent Lawrence.


This film is now thought to be a lost film.




</doc>
<doc id="42777866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42777866" title="Land Ho!">
Land Ho!

Land Ho! is an American-Icelandic adventure comedy film co-written and co-directed by Martha Stephens and Aaron Katz. The film made its world premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 19, 2014. It also screened at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival, Los Angeles Film Festival, Nantucket Film Festival, Locarno International Film Festival, and BFI London Film Festival.

Sony Pictures Classics acquired worldwide distribution rights to the film after its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival.

The film released on July 11, 2014, in New York City and Los Angeles before expanding wide in the United States. It won the John Cassavetes Award for Best Feature under $500,000 at the 2015 Independent Spirit Awards.

A pair of ex-brothers-in-law set off to Iceland in an attempt to reclaim their youth through Reykjavík nightclubs, trendy spas, and rugged camp-sites.


Principal photography took place over 16 days in Iceland in September and October 2013, with 2 days in Kentucky over Memorial Day weekend in 2013. Locations shot in Iceland included Reykjavík, Skógar, Jökulsárlón, Landmannalaugar, Gullfoss, Strokkur, and Blue Lagoon. The film was shot on two Red One cameras to better capture the actors' natural mannerisms and reactions, and was edited in just six weeks. A mere one year and three days elapsed between the film's conception and its Sundance premiere.

The film was executive produced by David Gordon Green, as well as Julie Parker Benello, Dan Cogan, Geralyn Dreyfous, and Wendy Ettinger of Gamechanger Films. It is the first feature to be financed by Gamechanger Films, an equity fund dedicated to financing features directed and co-directed by women.

The first trailer of the film was released on May 16, 2014.

"Land Ho!" won the John Cassavetes Award for Best Feature under $500,000 at the 2015 Independent Spirit Awards and has received mostly positive reviews from critics. 

Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 82% of 90 film critics have given the film a positive review, with a rating average of 6.6 out of 10. The site's consensus reads "Gently amusing and agreeably modest in scale, "Land Ho!" uses its stars' warm chemistry to impart its poignant, quietly effective message." On Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 reviews from film critics, it has an average score of 68 from 30 reviews.

In her Sundance round-up, Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" called the film "Delightfully funny...By turns playful and wistful, the movie is anchored by its irresistible lead performances...The filmmakers adroitly skirt both the cute and the condescending — the default registers of too many movies about geezers — to offer a dual portrait of gloriously alive men who just happen to be old."

Amy Taubin of "Film Comment" said, "The scenery is spectacular, the women they encounter are all marvelously independent, and Eenhoorn and Nelson make a hilarious, endearingly ribald odd couple. A serious film about loneliness, loss, and aging, it is also filled with joie de vivre from beginning to end (and a very cheeky ending it is)."

Justin Chang of "Variety" said that "Paul Eenhoorn and Earl Lynn Nelson give pitch-perfect performances in this gently elegiac road comedy from helmers Martha Stephens and Aaron Katz."

Todd McCarthy in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film by saying that "A gently amusing odyssey with two old gents on the road in Iceland."

Chris Cabin of "Slant Magazine", praised the direction by saying that "That the filmmakers consistently catch the nuances of character that bind the two men to each other, rather than simply tracing the pros and cons of their dispositions, is what gives the film its melancholic yet vibrant resonance."

Dan Fienberg of "HitFix" said, "It's a funny and moving film about aging, but it's also a wacky journey across Iceland with two characters who are instantly likable and ultimately quite lovable."



</doc>
<doc id="42785157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42785157" title="Red King, White Knight">
Red King, White Knight

Red King, White Knight is a 1989 spy thriller television film starring Tom Skerritt, Max von Sydow, and Helen Mirren. It was written by Ron Hutchinson and directed by Geoff Murphy. It was broadcast in the United States on 25 November 1989.

The CIA hears of a KGB scheme to assassinate the Soviet General Secretary and enlists Stoner, an agent retired for 10 years, to go to Russia to investigate. He verifies the plot, but then has trouble leaving the country. In the meantime, the U.S. policy makers struggle over whether or not to inform the Soviets of the plot. Stoner's problems are complicated by the renewal of an affair with Anna, a Russian, as he tries to convince her to defect.


The television film was filmed in Budapest, Hungary and Washington D.C.


</doc>
<doc id="42788047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42788047" title="Outcast Lady">
Outcast Lady

Outcast Lady is a 1934 sound film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and produced and distributed by Metro Goldwyn Mayer. The film stars Constance Bennett, Herbert Marshall and Mrs. Patrick Campbell. It is a sound version of Michael Arlen's "The Green Hat", filmed in 1928 by MGM as "A Woman of Affairs" with Greta Garbo and John Gilbert.




</doc>
<doc id="42791117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42791117" title="Waves (film)">
Waves (film)

Waves is a 2019 American drama film written and directed by Trey Edward Shults. It stars Kelvin Harrison Jr., Lucas Hedges, Taylor Russell, Alexa Demie, Renée Elise Goldsberry, and Sterling K. Brown. Set against the vibrant landscape of South Florida, it traces the emotional journey of a suburban family as they navigate love, forgiveness and coming together in the aftermath of a loss.

It had its world premiere at the Telluride Film Festival on August 30, 2019, and was released in the United States on November 15, 2019, by A24. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances (particularly that of Harrison, Russell, and Brown), cinematography, and Shults' direction.

Tyler Williams is a popular high school senior on the wrestling team. Outside of school, he parties with his friends and spends time with his girlfriend Alexis, but is routinely pushed to be better by his domineering father, Ronald. Unbeknownst to anyone at school or home, Tyler suffers from a Level 5 SLAP tear, which he keeps secret from his family and team by discreetly stealing his father’s painkillers. Against the recommendation of his doctor, Tyler continues to wrestle competitively until he is violently thrown onto his shoulder during a match, causing irreparable damage and ending his season, as well as his career. Tyler's life is further complicated when he receives a text from Alexis, who reveals that her period is late, indicating that she is pregnant. He takes her to get an abortion, but when confronted by pro-life protesters outside the clinic, Alexis contemplates bringing the child to term. Tyler objects to becoming parents at their age, but Alexis is saddened by his insensitivity to her own feelings, and walks home alone. 

Distraught, Tyler begins drinking heavily and abusing drugs at parties with his friends. Eventually, Tyler texts Alexis, who is willing to mend their relationship. She tells Tyler that she has decided to keep the child with support from her family, but when Tyler demands to speak to her in person, Alexis breaks up with him and blocks his number, sending him into a rage as he destroys his bedroom. The night of the school's "Maverick Ball", a grounded Tyler goes on Instagram and sees a picture showing Alexis posing with another boy. He gets high and attempts to leave the house, but is confronted by Catherine. Ronald attempts to defuse the situation, but Tyler throws him to the floor and leaves. 

He drives to a house party, where he sees Alexis go upstairs with the boy from the photo. Tyler's younger sister Emily notices his arrival from a distance but says nothing, and Tyler drinks heavily before following Alexis to the garage, demanding to know if she had sex with the boy and if she's been drinking while pregnant. She asserts that the boy she was with is her gay best friend and that the alcohol was for her friends, but their argument turns physical when Alexis slaps Tyler and he hits her back, knocking her to the floor. She begins to bleed out, and, horrified, Tyler flees after a girl walks into the garage and witnesses the scene. Ronald arrives shortly after before finding Emily, who tearfully confirms Ronald's suspicions. Tyler returns home before attempting to run away on foot. However, he is quickly caught and arrested by the police. Paramedics attempt to resuscitate Alexis, but she dies from her injuries. 

Despite a guilty plea, Tyler is sentenced to life in prison for second-degree murder, with the eligibility of parole after thirty years. Between the spiteful messages levied toward Emily and her brother and the flood of support Alexis receives, a grieving Emily deactivates her social media accounts. After school one day, she is approached by Luke, an awkward but kindhearted classmate who was also one of Tyler’s wrestling teammates. He asks her out to lunch and the two begin dating. Emily begins to open up to Luke and her classmates, participating in activities outside of school with them such as swimming with manatees. During this time, Emily also overhears Ronald and Catherine arguing about Tyler, with Ronald blaming Catherine for her lack of presence in his and Emily’s lives, and Catherine accusing Ronald of putting too much pressure on Tyler. During a conversation they have while fishing, Emily reveals to Ronald that she feels guilty knowing that she could've stopped Tyler and that she hates him for what he did. Ronald advises her not to hold a grudge against her brother and that no matter what, he loves them both. The two reconcile.

Meanwhile, Emily and Luke become closer, eventually having sex for the first time. Emily learns from Luke that his estranged, abusive father is dying of cancer, and she urges him to make amends with him with the time he has left, as Emily and Tyler's mother died from a drug overdose when they were young. The two drive to Columbia, Missouri, where Luke's father is residing, and upon seeing his son, Luke’s father’s spirits are lifted. He begins to survive longer than expected, but passes away overnight. Emily consoles a mourning Luke on the drive home to Miami while Catherine visits Tyler in prison, Alexis’s parents grieve, and Ronald reconnects with Catherine. Sometime after arriving home, Emily rides a bike, having found peace.


Kevin Turen and James Wilson served as producers on the film, with A24 producing and distributing 
and with Trey Edward Shults directing, from a screenplay he wrote. 

In July 2018, it was announced Lucas Hedges, Sterling K. Brown, Kelvin Harrison Jr. and Taylor Russell joined the cast of the film. In August 2018, Alexa Demie joined the cast.

Principal photography began on July 9, 2018 in Broward County, Florida.

Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross composed the film's score, replacing Shults' frequent collaboration with Brian McOmber. In an interview, Shults stated, "I got one of the coolest e-mails of my life one day that Trent Reznor was a fan and wanted to meet. I got on a plane as soon as I could and went to L.A. and met him and Atticus for lunch. Instantly, the energy was great. They had seen and dug my other movies and just wanted to work together." The score was released on November 26, 2019, on Nine Inch Nails' online store.

The film's soundtrack features a compilation of contemporary rap, R&B, alternative, and experimental pop music from artists including Animal Collective, Tame Impala, Frank Ocean, A$AP Rocky, Kendrick Lamar, The Shoes, H.E.R., Tyler, the Creator, Fuck Buttons, Amy Winehouse, Kanye West, THEY., Kid Cudi, Colin Stetson, SZA, Chance the Rapper, Radiohead, and Alabama Shakes. Shults shot the film with certain songs in mind, and sent a rough cut of the film to the artists. He had trouble securing some songs, but eventually cleared many of them. The full list of songs used in the film was made available on A24's website, in an article where Shults annotates the usage of the songs.

"Waves" premiered at the Telluride Film Festival on August 30, 2019. It screened at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2019. It was released on November 15, 2019 in New York City and Los Angeles, expanding to major U.S. cities the week after, with a wide release set for December 6. In September, Focus Features acquired the international distribution rights to the film, excluding Canada, China and Japan.

"Waves" grossed a total of $1.7 million in the United States. In its limited opening weekend, the film made $134,333 from four theaters, a per-venue average of $33,583. Expanding to 21 theaters the following weekend the film made $168,760, and then $140,995 from 44 theaters in its third.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 83% based on 220 reviews, with an average rating of 7.73/10. The site's consensus reads: "An up-close look at one family's emotional ups and downs, "Waves" captures complicated dynamics with tenderness and grace." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 80 out of 100, based on 45 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". 

IndieWire's Eric Kohn gave the film a B+, stating "It’s a definitive statement on the present moment, evoking the sheer horror of every uncertain exchange, and the courage involved in moving ahead regardless of what it means for the future". Justin Chang of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "deeply rooted in its characters’ consciousness, alert to the feelings of dread, shame, rage and despair that threaten to bring these fast-moving lives to a standstill". It was chosen by the National Board of Review as one of the ten best films of the year.




</doc>
<doc id="42791233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42791233" title="The Hornet's Nest">
The Hornet's Nest

The Hornet's Nest is a 2014 American documentary film about the Afghanistan war, directed by David Salzberg and Christian Tureaud.

The film follows two journalists, Mike Boettcher and Carlos Boettcher (a father and son), embedded with a group of United States Armed Forces troops sent on a mission into one of Afghanistan's most hostile valleys. The three-day mission becomes an intense nine days of fighting against the enemy.

"The Hornet's Nest" won the Chairman's Award at the San Diego Film Festival in 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="42791788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42791788" title="Secrets of the French Police">
Secrets of the French Police

Secrets of the French Police is a 1932 American Pre-Code crime film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Gwili Andre, Gregory Ratoff, and Frank Morgan.

The film was made as a B film by RKO Radio Pictures, using some of the sets from RKO's "The Most Dangerous Game" (1932). The film is based partly on Samuel Ornitz's own unpublished novel "The Last Empress".

In Paris, a French thief is employed by the Sûreté to investigate a sinister Russian émigré who may have the Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia at his house.




</doc>
<doc id="42797521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42797521" title="Pi (film)">
Pi (film)

Pi: Faith in Chaos (stylized as ) is a 1998 American psychological thriller film written and directed by Darren Aronofsky in his feature directorial debut. "Pi" was filmed on high-contrast black-and-white reversal film and earned Aronofsky the Directing Award at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival, the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay and the Gotham Open Palm Award.

The title refers to the mathematical constant pi. The film explores themes of religion, mysticism, and the relationship of the universe to mathematics.

The story, about a mathematician with an obsession to find underlying complete order in the real world, contrasts two seemingly irreconcilable entities: the imperfect, irrational humanity and the rigor and regularity of mathematics, specifically number theory.

Unemployed and living in a drab apartment in Chinatown, Manhattan, Max Cohen is a number theorist who believes everything in nature can be understood through numbers. Max suffers from cluster headaches, extreme paranoia, hallucinations, and social anxiety disorder. His only social interactions are with Jenna, a young girl fascinated with his ability to perform complex calculations; Devi, a young woman living next door; and Sol Robeson, his mathematics mentor, now an invalid.

Max tries to program his computer, Euclid, to make stock predictions. Euclid malfunctions, printing out a seemingly random 216-digit number, as well as a single pick at one-tenth its current value, then crashes. Disgusted, Max throws away the printout. The next morning, he learns that Euclid's pick was accurate, but cannot find the printout. When Max mentions the number, Sol becomes unnerved and asks if it contained 216 digits, revealing that he came across the same number years ago. He urges Max to take a break from his work.

Max meets Lenny Meyer, a Hasidic Jew who does mathematical research on the Torah. Lenny demonstrates some simple Gematria, the correspondence of the Hebrew alphabet to numbers, and explains that some people believe the Torah is a string of numbers forming a code sent by God. Intrigued, Max notes some of the concepts are similar to other mathematical concepts such as the Fibonacci sequence. Max is approached by agents of a Wall Street firm; agent Marcy Dawson offers Max a classified computer chip called "Ming Mecca" in exchange for the results of his work.

Using the chip, Max has Euclid analyze mathematical patterns in the Torah. Once again, Euclid displays the 216-digit number before crashing. As Max writes down the number, he realizes that he knows the pattern, undergoes an epiphany, and passes out. Waking up, Max appears to become clairvoyant and visualizes the stock market patterns he had searched for. His headaches intensify, and he discovers a vein-like bulge protruding from his right temple. Max has a falling out with Sol after Sol urges him to quit his work.

Dawson and her agents grab Max on the street and try to force him to explain the number, having found the printout Max threw away. Attempting to use it to manipulate the stock market, the firm instead caused the market to crash. Driving by, Lenny rescues Max, but takes him to his companions at a nearby synagogue. They ask Max to give them the 216-digit number, believing it was meant for them to bring about the messianic age, as the number represents the unspeakable name of God. Max refuses, insisting that the number has been revealed to him alone.

Max flees and visits Sol, only to learn that he died from another stroke, and finds a piece of paper with the number in his study. At his own apartment, Max experiences another headache but does not take his painkillers. Driven to the brink of madness, he destroys part of Euclid. Believing the number and the headaches are linked, Max tries to concentrate on the number through his pain. After passing out, Max has a vision of himself standing in a white void and repeating the digits of the number. The vision ends with Max hugging Devi, who turns out to be a hallucination. Standing alone in his trashed apartment, Max burns the paper with the number and blithely performs an impromptu trepanning on himself with an improvised cranial drill.

Sometime later, Jenna approaches Max in a park and asks him to do several calculations, including 748 ÷ 238 (an approximation for pi). Max smiles and says that he does not know the answer. He sits on the bench and watches the trees blowing in the breeze, seemingly at peace.


Produced on a budget of $134,815 (including $60,927 for production and $68,183 for postproduction), the film was financially successful at the box office, grossing $3,221,152 in the United States despite only a limited theatrical release. It has sold steadily on DVD. "Pi" was the first ever film to legally be made available for download on the Internet.

The film was well received. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an 88% approval rating based on 56 reviews with an average rating of 7.3/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "Dramatically gripping and frighteningly smart, this Lynchian thriller does wonders with its unlikely subject and shoestring budget." On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 72 out of 100 based on 23 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Roger Ebert gave the film three and a half stars out of four, writing:

James Berardinelli gave the film three out of four stars, writing:

"Pi" features multiple references to mathematics and mathematical theories. For instance, Max finds the golden spiral occurring everywhere, including the stock market. Max's belief that diverse systems embodying highly nonlinear dynamics share a unifying pattern bears much similarity to results in chaos theory, which provides machinery for describing certain phenomena of nonlinear systems, which might be thought of as patterns. During the climactic drill scene, a pattern resembling a bifurcation diagram is apparent on Max's shattered mirror.

In the film, Max periodically plays Go with his mentor, Sol. This game has historically stimulated the study of mathematics and features a simple set of rules that results in a complex game strategy. Each character uses the game as a model for their view of the universe; Sol says that the game is a microcosm of an extremely complex and chaotic world, while Max asserts its complexity gradually converges toward patterns that can be found.

Both Gullette and Margolis spent many hours learning the game at the Brooklyn Go Club, and had the help of a Go consultant, Dan Weiner, for the film. The film credits list Barbara Calhoun, Michael Solomon, and Dan Wiener as Go consultants.

Early in the film, when Lenny begins talking with Max about his work, he asks if Max is familiar with kabbalah. The numerological interpretation of the Torah and the 216-letter name of God, known as the Shem HaMeforash, are important concepts in traditional Jewish mysticism.

Another religious reference is when Max is in the market looking for today's newspaper, there is a recitation from Quran, in the background, citing Quran 2:140: "Or do you say that Abraham and Ishmael and Isaac and Jacob and the Descendants were Jews or Christians? Say, 'Are you more knowing or is Allah?' And who is more unjust than one who conceals a testimony he has from Allah? And Allah is not unaware of what you do."

The film strongly suggests that the main character Max Cohen is actually a paranoid schizophrenic. The soundtrack uses screeching and disturbing tones that are thematic of auditory hallucinations experienced by such patients. The character of Devi, the old man in the metro, people of large corporations stalking him, visions of a human brain infested with ants in his sink are all visual hallucinations. Moreover he is under the delusion that he is on the verge of a big breakthrough, that a certain 216 digit number holds the secret of the Stock Exchange, The name of God mentioned in the Kabbalah, the Torah etc. He sees patterns everywhere, especially the logarithmic spiral. He's mainly a very secretive recluse who lives with an obsession.

"Pi" launched the film scoring career of Clint Mansell. The soundtrack was released on July 21, 1998, via Thrive Records. "AllMusic" rated it 4.5 stars out of five. A music video for "πr²", using an alternative mix of the title track, is available as a special feature on the "π" DVD, consisting of footage from the film intercut with stock color reels of ants, harking back to one of the film's visual motifs.





</doc>
<doc id="42797977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42797977" title="The Lost (2006 film)">
The Lost (2006 film)

The Lost is a 2006 American psychological horror film that was written and directed by Chris Sivertson based on the Jack Ketchum novel of the same name, which in turn was inspired by the true story of serial killer Charles Schmid. It was produced by Lucky McKee. The film stars Marc Senter as charismatic teen sociopath Ray Pye. Senter won best actor awards from both Screamfest and Fantaspoa film festivals. He was also nominated for a Fangoria Chainsaw Award. Supporting cast include Shay Astar, Alex Frost, Michael Bowen, and Robin Sydney. The movie had its world premiere at the SXSW Film Festival with a limited theatrical release following shortly after.

19-year-old Ray Pye decides to murder two young women. His friends, Jen and Tim, witness the murder and help him cover it up. 

Four years later, Ray has never been arrested for the crime. Detective Charlie Schilling and his ex-partner, Ed Anderson, know that Ray did it but they could not prove it. Charlie figures it is about time they did something about it. Meanwhile, Ray has met his match in Katherine Wallace, a new girl in town. She and Ray are a potentially explosive combination. Throw in the fact that Ed is having a summer fling with Sally Richmond - a girl young enough to be his daughter. And Sally has just gotten a job at the motel that Ray manages. Ray has his eye on her.

Charlie and Ed never found the gun that Ray used to murder the women at the campground. That rifle, as well as a handgun, are hidden behind the mirror in Ray's bathroom. Ray can only be pushed so far. The time will come when he takes the mirror off the wall and shows everyone who is in charge.



</doc>
<doc id="42799589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42799589" title="Annabelle's Affairs">
Annabelle's Affairs

Annabelle's Affairs is a 1931 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring Victor McLaglen, Jeanette MacDonald and Roland Young. The film is based on the play "Good Gracious Annabelle" by Clare Kummer. It is the only one of MacDonald's films to be considered lost. It was well received by critics, but did not perform well at the box office.

After they are separated shortly after their marriage, Annabelle doesn't really know what her husband looks like. When they meet later she finds herself falling in love with him, without realizing that they are already married.





</doc>
<doc id="42799674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42799674" title="My Weakness (film)">
My Weakness (film)

My Weakness is a 1933 American pre-Code musical film directed by David Butler and starring Lilian Harvey, Lew Ayres and Charles Butterworth. It was the second of four films made by the British-German actress Harvey in Hollywood, who had emerged as major star during Weimar Germany.

It both was and wasn't the first mainstream Hollywood film to use the word "gay" as a descriptor of homosexuality. In one scene, Charles Butterworth and Sid Silvers commiserate over their miserable, hopeless shared love for Lilian Harvey, until Butterworth is struck by a solution: "Let's be gay!" However, the Studio Relations Committee censors decreed that the line had to be muffled.




</doc>
<doc id="42800070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42800070" title="The Prodigal Son (1923 film)">
The Prodigal Son (1923 film)

The Prodigal Son is a 1923 British silent historical film directed by A. E. Coleby and starring Stewart Rome, Henry Victor and Edith Bishop. The film is an adaptation of Hall Caine's 1904 novel "The Prodigal Son", set in Iceland and the French Riviera. It was noted as a long film, reported variously at three or over four hours. The film's original release length as 18,454 feet made it the longest commercially made British film.. It was shown in two consecutive parts, the second part being entitled "The Return of the Prodigal". 

It was shot on location in Iceland, with a final budget of £37,000. The film was not a commercial success on its release, and was attacked by critics. It was perhaps the biggest failure of all the films released by Stoll Pictures, the largest British film company of the early 1920s. However, the film was re-released in 1929 with a greatly reduced running time.

A marriage is arranged between Magnus Stephenson, son of the Governor of Iceland, and Thora Neilsen, daughter of "the Factor"; but the prospective bridegroom, discovering that Thora loves his brother, Oscar, a budding musician, blackens his own name at the betrothal ceremony by declaring the marriage contract not good enough. Outcast by his family for this apparent dishonour, Magnus paved the way for his younger brother Oscar to marry Thora. Troubles soon arise. Oscar becomes attracted to Helga, his wife's sister, who accompanies the newlywed couple on their honeymoon, and forges his father's signature for a large sum of money to pay his gambling debts at the Casino. Helga's announcement to her sister before the birth of Thora's baby, that Oscar does not love his wife, brings on an illness with homicidal tendencies. Against the wishes of Magnus, who tries prevent it, the baby, Elin, is taken away from the mother, who struggles leave the house to bring the child back and dies in the attempt. Oscar, overcome with remorse, places all his musical compositions on his wife's dead body to be buried with her.




</doc>
<doc id="42804557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42804557" title="Harvey Middleman, Fireman">
Harvey Middleman, Fireman

Harvey Middleman, Fireman is a 1965 American comedy film written and directed by Ernest Pintoff. It is Pintoff's first feature film, having previously only made shorts

The Film follows the story of a fireman named Harvey Middleman who lives a humble life; he loves his kids, he loves his wife, and he really loves his job. One night Harvey saves a young model from a burning building and it's love at first sight. Harvey then struggles to determine what he should do. Comedy ensues as Harvey often breaks the fourth wall and the film does not take itself seriously at all.

Harvey Middleman (Eugene Troobnick), a New York City fireman, lives happily in a New Jersey suburb with his wife (Arlene Golonka) and two small children. Harvey loves his life but after a fight with her over dinner one night he imagines himself rescuing a beautiful young girl from a fire. Just as he dreamt it he rescues a young model named Lois (Patricia Harty). Harvey steals a kiss from her as he resuscitates her and the two quickly fall in love. After secretly dating her several times, Harvey decides he must solve his moral dilemma by consulting his psychiatrist Mrs. Koogleman (Hermione Gingold). Mrs. Koogleman however is too preoccupied with her own relationship problems to help Harvey with his conundrum. Another fire breaks out in Lois's apartment, and this time one of Harvey's associates Dinny (Will Mackenzie) rescues Lois while Harvey saves a cat. Lois and Dinny quickly fall in love and Harvey is left to return to his wife.


Produced by Robert L. Lawrence in association with Ernest Pintoff

Released 12 Jul 1965 in New York. Also on the bill were there of Pintoff's cartoons: "The Interview," "The Critic" and "The Old Man and the Flower." 

No U.S release but available for purchase at rezarected.com

Enthusiasm for the film was subdued. Bosley Crowther, in "The New York Times", wrote "As a matter of fact, the idea for this modestly-made comedy would provide just enough substance for a brisk animated short." and "the vein does not seem to feed as freely into a 75-minute film, performed by human actors, as it does into an 8-minute cartoon" when referring to some of Pintoff's earlier credits, while Craig Butler's AMG review reported that "A satirical fable about middle class life in 1960s America, Middleman starts out promisingly but eventually turns conventional and rather predictable." and "If Middleman disappoints, it's still an off-beat, mildly entertaining little film".

"Offbeat Humor but Very Funny". Atty1337: Reviews and Ratings for "Harvey Middleman, Fireman" (18 May 2004). IMDb. Retrieved 7 May 2014.

Don Bell (11 August 1965). "Boxers, Firemen, Delinquents And Conductors At The Festival." Review of "Harvey Middleman, Fireman". "The Montreal Gazette", Wednesday ed., Entertainment sec.: 8. Print.

Zelda Heller (18 September 1965). "New Movies In Town." Review of "Harvey Middleman, Fireman". "The Montreal Gazette", Saturday ed., Entertainment sec.: 22. Print.

"Motion Picture Division Film Script Index (Harvey Middleman, Fireman)." http://iarchives.nysed.gov. New York State Archives, n.d. Web. http%3A%2F%2Fiarchives.nysed.gov%2FMPD%2Frr_other_film_details2.htm.

"ORIGINAL MOVIE POSTER HARVEY MIDDLEMAN FIREMAN 1950'S." EBay. Rexchar, n.d. Web. 7 May 2014. http://www.ebay.com/itm/ORIGINAL-MOVIE-POSTER-HARVEY-MIDDLEMAN-FIREMAN-1950S-/331189502812?pt=AU_Movie_Memorabilia&hash=item4d1c6ec35c.

"HARVEY MIDDLEMAN FIREMAN ORIGINAL 11X14 LOBBY CARD SET OF 8 1965." EBay. N.p., n.d. Web. 7 May 2014. http://www.ebay.com/itm/HARVEY-MIDDLEMAN-FIREMAN-ORIGINAL-11X14-LOBBY-CARD-SET-OF-8-1965-/310923666195?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item48647ea313 .

"HARVEY MIDDLEMAN FIREMAN-GENE TROOBNICK-PATRICIA HARTY-27X41 POSTER-1965-C VG/FN." EBay. N.p., n.d. Web. 7 May 2014. http://www.ebay.com/itm/HARVEY-MIDDLEMAN-FIREMAN-GENE-TROOBNICK-PATRICIA-HARTY-27X41-POSTER-1965-C-VG-FN-/231202304353?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item35d4bb3161 .



</doc>
<doc id="42812279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42812279" title="Operation Dames">
Operation Dames

Operation Dames is a 1959 film set in the Korean War. American International Pictures released the film as a double feature with "Tank Commandos". The film starred Eve Meyer. It was retitled Girls in Action in the Commonwealth countries, possibly to avoid a connection between the title dame.

A band of USO entertainers is trapped behind enemy lines in Korea in 1950. They include singer Lorry Evering (Meyer), who after being attacked attracts the personal interest of an army sergeant who attempts to guide the group of civilians to safety.



</doc>
<doc id="42812296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42812296" title="Roadracers (1959 film)">
Roadracers (1959 film)

Roadracers is a 1959 American film. It was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with "Daddy-O" (1958).




</doc>
<doc id="42813175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42813175" title="Who Killed Teddy Bear">
Who Killed Teddy Bear

Who Killed Teddy Bear is a 1965 American crime thriller and cult film directed by Joseph Cates and starring Sal Mineo, Juliet Prowse and Elaine Stritch. The film was written by Arnold Drake and Leon Tokatyan.

Norah Dain (Juliet Prowse), a nightclub disc jockey and aspiring actress living alone in a Manhattan apartment, receives a series of obscene phone calls from someone who seems to be watching her on a daily basis. She also finds a decapitated teddy bear in her apartment. At first it is not clear to either the viewer or Norah who is making the calls. A police detective, Lt. Dave Madden (Jan Murray), whose own wife was raped and murdered, takes a personal interest in Norah and her case. Lt. Madden engages in suspicious behavior such as suggesting to Norah several times that he himself could be the caller, secretly tape recording his discussions with Norah, listening to tapes of Norah and other women talking about obscene phone calls, and obsessively studying pornography and the behavior of sex perverts, despite the fact that he is exposing his ten-year-old daughter to such adult concepts and he is being reported to his superiors at work.

However, midway through the film, it is revealed to the audience (but not to Norah) that the obscene caller is actually Lawrence Sherman (Sal Mineo), a waiter at the nightclub where Norah works. Lawrence lives with and cares for his 19-year-old sister Edie (Margot Bennett), who is brain damaged and has the mind of a child. Edie's brain damage is apparently the result of an accident when she was a little girl and saw her older brother, Lawrence, having sex with an unidentified older woman (possibly their mother, although this is not made clear); she ran away in horror or fear and fell down the stairs. Lawrence is unable to have a normal romantic or sexual relationship due to his guilt over the accident and his duty to look after Edie following the death of their parents. He is also frustrated when Edie dresses up in an adult dress, high heels and makeup and seems to make advances towards him. He tries to get rid of his frustration by visiting adult bookstores and movies in Times Square, but still is obsessed with watching and calling Norah. Despite Lt. Madden's warnings that the caller might be someone Norah knows, Norah never suspects Lawrence until it is too late. Instead she is friendly to him and even attracted to him, complimenting him on his body when they meet at the gym, and offering to stay late after work to teach him to dance.

Marian Freeman (Elaine Stritch), the older, experienced manager of the nightclub where Norah works, also takes a personal interest in Norah and tries to advise and protect her. She offers to spend the night with Norah at her apartment so Norah will not be alone and afraid. While Marian is visiting, Norah receives yet another telephone call and starts to cry. Marian consoles her, but Norah senses that Marian is actually making a lesbian pass at her and, revolted, asks her to leave the apartment immediately. Marian leaves in a huff, still wearing Norah's coat, which she had been using as a bathrobe. Lawrence, who is outside, sees Marian leaving in Norah's coat, and mistaking her for Norah, chases after her and kills her.

Lawrence finally attacks Norah after closing time in the empty nightclub and violently rapes her, but does not kill her. Lt. Madden, who has just figured out that Lawrence was watching Norah through the reflection of a mirror, arrives too late to save Norah from the rape. He beats Lawrence and then, inexplicably, lets him leave the club. Lawrence runs through traffic in Times Square imagining that he is running through Central Park towards a welcoming Norah. Police officers chase him and ultimately gun him down as the film ends.


Set in New York City, the film was shot on location in Manhattan and features footage of Times Square.

Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film one and a half out of four stars, calling it "sleazy", and "a waste of talent". It has gone on to develop a cult status among film students for its exploration of themes on voyeurism, pornography as instigator of sex crimes, arson, masturbation, child abuse, transvestism, loneliness, and lesbianism in a time when American and British films usually kept these concerns at a sanitary distance.




</doc>
<doc id="42813189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42813189" title="Greenwich Village Story">
Greenwich Village Story

Greenwich Village Story, a 1963 feature film written and directed by Jack O'Connell, centres on the bohemian milieu of Greenwich Village. The female protagonist, Genie (played by actress Melinda Cordell, credited here as Melinda Plank), a talented ballet dancer, is made pregnant out of wedlock by her underachieving boyfriend, Brian (played by Robert Hogan (actor)), a would-be novelist. Rather than leave him in order to take up a professional dancing role she has been offered which involves touring, Genie stays in the flat they share, but Brian, after the damning rejection of his novel by a publisher upon whose patronage he was depending, absents himself for several days with an ex-girlfriend, Anne (played by Sunja Svensen), a society woman several years older who inhabits the periphery of bohemia, sometimes in the company of a genial young advertising copywriter, George (played by James Cresson). 

Not aware that Genie is pregnant, Brian has made their marriage conditional upon his success as a writer. Genie fears that Brian, who is emotionally immature (something noted by the publishers in their dismissal of his submitted novel), will reject her out of hand on learning about her pregnancy. One possible solution is for Genie to visit an illegal abortionist, having sold her late mother's brooch to raise the cash. Meanwhile, Brian is informally mentored in the ways of the world by a more cynical and experienced bohemian, Norman (played by James Frawley), and tempted into the world of Madison Avenue by George, with whom he has struck up a friendship.

While away in the Berkshires with Anne, whose advances he gently shuns, Brian, still unaware of Genie's true condition, comes to the realisation that he loves and wants to marry her. He hurriedly returns to Greenwich Village, but Genie proves difficult to trace there.

The film was shot on location in Greenwich Village and The Berkshires, including a nude swimming scene filmed on Lake Garfield, Massachusetts. According to the director, the sounds of motorboat engines in this sequence threatened to take over the scene's audio and were replaced in the final soundtrack by pre-recorded crickets. The director himself had earlier worked as second assistant director on Michelangelo Antonioni's "L'Avventura" (1960), while cinematographer Baird Bryant later worked as uncredited assistant to László Kovács on "Easy Rider" (1969), in which he was responsible for filming the LSD trip sequence in the cemetery in New Orleans.



</doc>
<doc id="42813241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42813241" title="Strangers in the City (1962 film)">
Strangers in the City (1962 film)

Strangers in the City is a 1962 feature film written, photographed, edited and directed by Rick Carrier. The film was screened at the 1st International Critics' Week of the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="42816456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42816456" title="Listen Up Philip">
Listen Up Philip

Listen Up Philip is a 2014 comedy-drama film written and directed by Alex Ross Perry. The film had its world premiere at 2014 Sundance Film Festival on January 20, 2014, and won the Special Jury Prize at the 2014 Locarno International Film Festival.

Philip (Jason Schwartzman) is an acclaimed but abrasive young writer waiting for the publication of his second novel. He feels bored of his daily life and his shaky relationship with photographer girlfriend Ashley (Elisabeth Moss). In all of this chaos, his idol, veteran novelist Ike Zimmerman (Jonathan Pryce), offers him accommodation at his summer home, an isolated place where he might find peace.


"Listen Up Philip" received positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film 84% based on 101 critics and an audience rating of 55%. On Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 reviews from film critics, it has an average score of 76 from 32 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Scott Foundas of "Variety", in his review said that "Jason Schwartzman shines as a self-absorbed writer who doesn't quite learn the error of his ways in Alex Ross Perry's sharp and darkly funny third feature." Todd McCarthy in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film by saying that "[An] indisputably talented work for its risk-taking, dark humor and barbed portraiture of creative individuals." Richard Brody of "The New Yorker", praised the film by saying that "I can't think of a recent movie that stages with as much joy and wonder the sense of living a life that becomes, directly or obliquely, in action or in idea, the stuff of art." Sam Fragoso in his review for "RogerEbert.com" said that "Alex Ross Perry's third feature film is his most narratively satisfying and intellectually demanding one, demonstrating a maturation in both style and substance." Rodrigo Perez of "Indiewire", graded the film A- and said that "A deeply misanthropic portrait of narcissism, the brittle nature of artistic talent and the struggles of living in New York City, this toxic comedy pulls very few punches when it needs to get really nasty."

"The A.V. Club"s Ignatiy Vishnevetsky called it "a howlingly funny black comedy with really sharp teeth", going on to say: "Writing pithy wisecracks is easy. What Perry does is write banter that reveals his character’s insecurities and weaknesses; [...] There's a level of criticism at play in the film, which immediately sets it apart from similarly set New York art-world horror stories, but it doesn’t cancel out the writer-director’s clear empathy for his characters, who never quite manage to empathize with each other. This sort of mature perspective is a rare thing, and "Listen Up Philip" establishes Perry as a major talent."



</doc>
<doc id="42817997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42817997" title="Ashes (2012 film)">
Ashes (2012 film)

Ashes is a 2012 British thriller film directed by Mat Whitecross and starring Luke Evans, Jim Sturgess, Ray Winstone, Jodie Whittaker, Lesley Manville, and Zoe Telford.

Frank (Ray Winstone) is confined to a residential home, suffering from Alzheimer's with his past, present, and future slowly breaking down. One day, a young man named James (Jim Sturgess) visits, wanting to reconnect with a father who no longer remembers him. James breaks Frank out of the home and the pair go on the run. As their spontaneous journey unfolds funny, violent and tragic all rolled into one, the present combines with incomplete memories of the past mixing fact with fiction and we begin to realize that nothing is quite what it seems.



</doc>
<doc id="42820747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42820747" title="Over My Dead Body (1942 film)">
Over My Dead Body (1942 film)

Over My Dead Body is a 1942 American film directed by Malcolm St. Clair.



</doc>
<doc id="42826144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42826144" title="Leading Ladies (film)">
Leading Ladies (film)

Leading Ladies is an award-winning 2010 dance film, about an overbearing ballroom stage mother and her two daughters who must redefine their roles in life, and on the dance floor, as each learns to "Let Love Lead.". The film was directed by Denver husband and wife Daniel Beahm and Erika Randall Beahm (Teahm Beahm), and stars Benji Schwimmer (winner, So You Think You Can Dance (Season 2).), Melanie LaPatin (choreographer, So You Think You Can Dance), Laurel Vail, Shannon Lea Smith, and Nicole Dionne. The film also features dance scenes with finalists from So You Think You Can Dance (Season 3) and So You Think You Can Dance (Season 4): Katee Shean, Kherington Payne, Courtney Galiano, and Sara Von Gillern.

"Leading Ladies" premiered in April 2010 at the Sonoma International Film Festival, where it won the Showcase Award. Since then, the film has screened at more than 65 festivals worldwide including the 22nd Palm Springs International Film Festival (Gala Screening), the 33rd Starz Denver Film Festival, the 35th Frameline Film Festival. and the Vail International Film Festival After screening at Newfest in NYC, "Leading Ladies" received a favorable review in Variety (magazine). The film was picked up for North American distribution by Wolfe Video after screening at Outfest in LA.

Sheri Campari (Melanie LaPatin) is the single mother of two daughters: Tasi (Shannon Lea) and Toni (Laurel Vail). Sheri is training Tasi to become a professional competitive ballroom dancer with the help of Toni and flamboyantly gay dance partner Cedric Michaels (Benji Schwimmer). They are always training and the pressure is growing as the prospects of becoming professional get closer.

Toni sees Tasi throwing up in the bathroom and thinks it's because of the diet their mother enforces to maintain Tasi's figure. Toni tells Tasi to confide in her but Tasi tells her is none of her business. Later on, it is let known that Tasi is pregnant with twins. The father is a neighbor who apparently doesn't want the responsibility and argues with Tasi at the restaurant where Toni works.

Cedric takes Toni to a dancing club where he disappears with a boyfriend. Alone in the club, Toni meets Mona Saunders (Nicole Dionne) whom Toni leads in dancing. Mona takes Toni to her home and they end up getting involved in a lesbian relationship.

Oblivious to Tesi's pregnancy, Sheri tries to fit a dress until Tesi blurts out that she's not fat, she's pregnant. Meanwhile, Mona gets hurt by Toni wanting to keep their relationship a secret. Cedric and Tesi convince Toni to take part in the upcoming dancing competition to replace Tasi. Toni agrees on the condition that they both help her train and that her partner will be Mona. Tesi is relieved as she perceives that her pregnancy will be less of an issue with Sheri than Toni's lesbianism.

When Sheri sees Toni practicing with Mona, she storms out. The sisters have to fend on their own with the help of Cedric and Mona who take the sisters for the first time to a grocery store which was always Sheri's job.

Eventually, they go to the dance competition but the judges do not approve Toni and Mona's participatipation as it is against their bylaws. Suddenly, Sheri appears and provides an impassionate defense of the right of Mona and Toni to participate in the dance competition. In the middle of Sheri's defense, Tasi announces that she's going into labor and they all have to go to a hospital. The film ends with the newborn babies in Sheri's arms.





</doc>
<doc id="42827009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42827009" title="Beautiful Noise (film)">
Beautiful Noise (film)

Beautiful Noise is a 2014 American music documentary film, written and directed by Eric Green. The film documents three rock bands—Cocteau Twins, The Jesus and Mary Chain, and My Bloody Valentine—and their influence on shoegazing and other alternative rock genres. "Beautiful Noise" features extracts from over 50 interviews with bands and artists, as well as archival footage and music videos.

Green commenced production on "Beautiful Noise" in early 2005 with producer and editor Sarah Ogletree; production was largely completed by 2008 although the project stagnated due to various financial and legal issues. In response, Green began a successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter in hopes of securing final financial investment for the film's release. The campaign was supported by several of the bands featured in "Beautiful Noise" through social media.

"Beautiful Noise" was announced for release in May 2014 and premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival in Seattle, Washington on May 31, 2014.

"Beautiful Noise" documents the underground music movement in the United Kingdom in the late 1980s and early 1990s, focusing in particular on the Scottish ethereal/dream pop band Cocteau Twins, Scottish noise pop band The Jesus and Mary Chain and the Irish alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine. The film explores "how their groundbreaking music inspired generations of bands", including shoegazing artists Ride, Slowdive, Chapterhouse, and Lush. "Beautiful Noise" features extracts from over 50 interviews with members of various bands, as well as "special appearances" from The Flaming Lips vocalist–guitarist Wayne Coyne, Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor, Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins and Robert Smith of The Cure.

In addition to interviews, "Beautiful Noise" includes never-before-seen footage, television appearances, music videos and tour projections of the film's featured bands. The film also "highlights new bands influenced by [shoegazing]", such as A Place to Bury Strangers, Wild Nothing and M83.

"Beautiful Noise" was written and directed by Eric Green, produced and edited by Sarah Ogletree and presented by their studio company HypFilms. Green conceived the idea for the project in late 2004 after concluding that there were "a million documentaries about the Beatles, punk [and] rap" but no similar documentaries about bands he was a "longtime fan" of. Pre-production of "Beautiful Noise" began in early 2005 and by March, Green and Ogletree had commenced production on the film. Green's interviews with the film's featured cast "spanned over several years".

In 2007, an email was leaked to a journalist about "Beautiful Noise". Several prominent publications, including "The Guardian", NPR and Pitchfork Media reported on the film and "inspired a wider of level of interest" from the public. As a result, Green and Ogletree began a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter to raise finances to cover licensing of the music featured in the film, as well as clearances and distribution. Green hoped to raise $75,000  on Kickstarter and the campaign was supported by various artists raising awareness via social media. The project was successfully funded on December 16, 2012 and a further $9,740 was pledged after a total of 1,511 users contributed.

During early stages of production, from 2005 to 2007, Ogletree edited various versions of "Beautiful Noise" from rough scripts provided by Green. Multiple edits of the film featured archival footage with "personally custom designed art" which was the result of collaborations with artist Angus Cameron. Medicine founder Brad Laner also contributed a musical score to the film. Following public awareness of the film after the 2007 email leak, John Nugent and Timothy O'Donnell contributed further artwork to the film, presented alongside Cameron's additions. A final edit of "Beautiful Noise" was completed by Ogletree after Green's successful campaign on Kickstarter.

"Beautiful Noise" was originally set for release in 2008. Green and Ogletree attempted to find a distributor, however several factors—including the expense of music clearance and licensing, the financial crisis of 2007–08 and the general decline in DVD sales—prompted "an ever-elusive" release date. Upon starting the campaign on Kickstarter, Green mentioned an estimated release date in 2013, although delays in licensing affected the appraisal. "Beautiful Noise" was subsequently announced for release in May 2014; the film premiered at the Seattle International Film Festival in Seattle, Washington on May 31 and the international premiere was held at the Sheffield Doc/Fest in Sheffield, England on June 8.



</doc>
<doc id="42828422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42828422" title="The 5th Execution">
The 5th Execution

The 5th Execution () is a 2010 Russian adventure film directed by Aleksandr Yakimchuk and Elena Kovaleva.




</doc>
<doc id="42828887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42828887" title="High Steppers">
High Steppers

High Steppers is a 1926 American silent drama film produced and directed by Edwin Carewe and distributed by First National Pictures. The film is based on the novel "Heirs Apparent" by Philip Gibbs.

Julian Perryam (Lloyd Hughes) gets thrown out of Oxford University and returns to the family estate outside London. He discovers that his sister and his mother are caught up in the "jazz" life and their father, who's the editor of a tabloid scandal rag, is too busy to notice. He also discovers that his sister is in love with the scoundrel son of his father's publisher, Victor Buckland. Learning that Buckland is actually an embezzler, Julian gets a job as a reporter on a muckraking publication and sets out to expose Buckland.



</doc>
<doc id="42831731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42831731" title="Off Key">
Off Key

Off Key (also known as "Desafinado") is a 2001 Spanish-British-Italian comedy film written and directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira. In it Joe Mantegna, Danny Aiello, and George Hamilton star as three celebrity tenors. Although they perform and have some good times together, they are rivals onstage and in their private lives. They also undergo intense scrutiny from the paparazzi and gossip press over their love lives and careers. The film was loosely inspired by the real life Three Tenors, Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, and José Carreras.

The movie opens with a shot of a poster with three men in tuxedos under the name "Los Tres Tenores". Inside a theater in Mexico, one of the men, the dapper and refined French tenor Armand Dupres sings an operatic aria. Backstage, Spanish tenor Ricardo Palacios' wife tries to shoot him in the groin for cheating on her. Police take her away screaming, as Palacios and superstitious Italian tenor, Fabrizio Bernini, prepare to go onstage. Palacios hands his colleagues large Mexican sombreros and tells them to their disgust they must sing a mariachi number together. The concert turns into a disaster. A series of newspaper headlines follow their performance asking "Tenors or Clowns?" and explaining that his singing partners are suing Palacios for fraud. Paparazzi photographs follow showing Bernini kissing Palacios' wife and Dupres mourning his own wife's death.

The action shifts ten years forward as Dupres is preparing to marry Palacios' daughter. The Frenchman's butler is horrified and tries to sabotage the union. Bernini has also married Palacios' now ex-wife. The Italian tenor does not want to attend Dupres' wedding, but his wife wants to be there for her daughter. She chides him about his insecurity, as he questions her whether Palacios was a better lover. Palacios also plans to attend his daughter's wedding at Dupres' French villa, but he has additional schemes in mind. He hires a call girl to pose as his fiancée to convince his former partners and ex-wife how well he is now doing. While learning facts about his life (e.g. he was born on a boat to Mexico), the call girl tries to seduce him but he refuses, saying that sex has gotten him into trouble in the past. Immediately, an irate chef confronts the tenor about sleeping with his daughter, whom he insists now has twins who sing constantly.

On the way to Dupres' villa, Bernini feels ill because of his phobia of air conditioning and germs. At the villa, his wife and Dupres are briefly alone together. She threatens to tell her daughter and he threatens to tell her husband that they too were once lovers. Dupres and Bernini speculate over why Palacios is really attending the wedding. Dupres suggests that the Spaniard is more concerned with money than anything else. Once he arrives, Palacios tells his former colleagues that he has discovered "the new Three Tenors", in a bid to get them to return to performing together instead. Later, while his wife is painting his greying eyebrows dark, Bernini theatrically exclaims that everyone wants to replace him. She chides him for thinking the world revolves around himself.

The following day, after Palacios sings a tango, the tenors have an argument. Dupres and Bernini express disgust that Palacios got them to record duets with pop singers, dress as mariachis, and promote Pizza Hut and the World Cup, when what they do is art. Palacios avers that repeating the same compositions over and over for rich people is not art. It is more important to him that 1.5 billion people watched them perform on television.

Later that day, Palacios hears a new composition by Dupres' son performed by three singing waiters. Telling the son that he has conducted modern music like his, he convinces them to perform the composition at a party on the eve of Dupres' wedding, claiming to his former partners that these were his three young discoveries. Once they hear them sing, the older tenors begin to sing together too. After the party, Bernini unsuccessfully tries to kill himself, despairing over his thirty-year rivalry with Palacios, while Dupres' fiancée realizes she is actually in love with his son. The next day at the wedding Palacios, after bragging about his acting abilities in "Otello", pretends to have a heart attack in order to distract the paparazzi while his daughter and Dupres' son run away together. Soon afterwards, Bernini sings "Nessun Dorma" at a Spanish opera house, while a poster with the title "The 3 Tenors the Return" is seen. Palacios comes out of his dressing room after a tryst with the call girl, and the three tenors go onstage to sing and dance the "Macarena".


Around a decade before "Off Key" was filmed, the most famous operatic tenors in the world, Luciano Pavarotti, Plácido Domingo, and José Carreras, appeared together in their first concert, the recording of which became the best-selling classical album of all time. More concerts, recordings, and a frenzy of publicity followed, including from the paparazzi and gossip books like "The Private Lives of the Three Tenors". "Variety" discussed this background for the movie: "Inspiration is the well-documented squabbling and ego trips of the Pavarotti/Domingo/Carreras roadshow." The film's director, however, did not intend the movie to be an actual portrayal of the real-life singers. "My film has nothing to do with the lives of the real Three Tenors," Gómez Pereira said in an interview. "But if the Three Tenors did not exist, I would not have made this film." "La Vanguardia" explained that the movie was much more broadly about art as a business, in addition to a portrayal of the vanities of opera singers.

When asked whether the production encountered any problems from the real Three Tenors, the film's producer, Andrés Vicente Gómez, told the press that Carreras' lawyer had contacted them at the start of the project. However, upon learning that the movie would not be based on anyone's life, he never called them again. When asked why the character loosely inspired by Carreras was French instead of a Catalan from Spain, the producer joked that the change in nationality was "something to spare us from a trial." "La Voz de Galicia" viewed the project as promising based on its subject matter: "If the personal and professional relationships of Domingo, Pavarotti, and Carreras have provided much to talk about, those of this fictional trio additionally promise a continuous laugh."

The stars of the movie verified that "Off Key" was not intended as an accurate biographical portrayal and expanded on their fictional characters to the press. Like the director Gómez Pereira, Danny Aiello (Bernini in the film) insisted: "The parallelisms with the Three Tenors are inevitable, but our intention is not to interpret Pavarotti, Carreras, or Domingo...Any resemblance to reality is pure coincidence." Aiello also joked to the press that he did not have time to eat enough pasta to be as big as the real Pavarotti. About Bernini he explained: "It's a crazy character, which gives me liberty to do many crazy things. He's unpredictable, Neapolitan, jealous, sophisticated." Aiello added, "This is a film that speaks of love, hate, jealousies, friendship". He claimed that script was one of the funniest things he had read in fifteen years.

George Hamilton, who played Dupres, noted: "It's a film about egos, styles, and eccentricities of three great singers, but we do not want to imitate anyone." He also suggested that these sort of jealousies were common among actors too. According to Hamilton, Dupres is impeccable almost to the point of being kitsch and is always pursuing youth. He expressed pride in working with his real son, Ashley Hamilton, who played his son in the movie. He also explained that a special chemistry existed between Aiello, Mantegna, and himself and expressed the hope that the movie would help him to be better known in Europe.

In a scene apparently later excised Joe Mantegna sang as Palacios in the movie. He explained to the press that his singing was, however, "more in the style of Dean Martin than Plácido Domingo". About the movie he added: "I think that the real divos and their fans are going to like it, once they understand that it is not a documentary. They will be the ones who understand it best." The actor also praised the film for making him laugh. One of the movie's screenwriters explained that he viewed the character of Palacios as someone who is extroverted and commercial-minded, while Dupres is more interior oriented and Bernini is quirky and superstitious.

Three major operatic numbers are included in the movie. As the film starts, Dupres sings the "Flower Song" ("La fleur que tu m'avais jetée") from Bizet's opera, "Carmen". In the aria, the character Don José tries to convince the wild Gypsy Carmen (also the name of Palacios' daughter in the movie) of the depth of his love for her. José Carreras recorded the complete role under the renowned conductor Herbert von Karajan in 1983, while Plácido Domingo starred in a movie version of the opera in 1984.

Later at the wedding party, the tenors sing the "Brindisi" ("Libiamo ne' lieti calici") from Verdi's "La Traviata" with Palacios' young discoveries. In the opera, the "Brinidisi" is also a toast sung at a party. The real Three Tenors, who always wore tuxedos in their joint concerts like their movie counterparts, performed this duet together as a trio many times. In 1994, they released a single of it that charted in Britain. The single came from their "Three Tenors in Concert 1994" live recording from Dodgers Stadium in Los Angeles during the World Cup. The concert was watched on television by 1.3 billion people worldwide.

The aria that Bernini sings near the end of the film, "Nessun Dorma" from Puccini's "Turandot", became Luciano Pavarotti's best-known song and reached the second spot on the British charts in 1990. He popularized the aria, which soon became a football anthem and regularly recorded by pop stars, in addition to classical singers. In the film, Palacios also briefly mentions the Verdi opera, "Otello", Plácido Domingo's signature role for almost three decades. For the movie, Spanish tenors Manuel de Diego and José Ferrero sang Palacios' and Dupres' numbers, respectively. Slovenian tenor Janez Lotrič performed Bernini's singing parts.

The mariachi song, "Guadalajara", that brings the downfall of the tenors in the film, has been a lasting classic of the genre, sung by performers as diverse as Vicente Fernandez and Elvis Presley. Neither the Three Tenors, nor Domingo alone has recorded the song, although the Spanish tenor (who grew up in Mexico) has performed it live in a full mariachi outfit with sombrero. The year prior to the movie's release, Domingo won a Grammy for his recording of mariachi "rancheras", "100 Años de Mariachi". In 1981, he released an album of tangos, "Plácido Domingo Sings Tangos", which included Carlos Gardel's classic, "El día que me quieres", which Palacios sings in the film. Domingo, who also conducts, periodically accompanies himself on the piano while singing, as does Palacios with this song. The movie also features an original piece written by Bernardo Bonezzi, which acts as Dupres' son's composition during the party scene.

The reviewer for "Variety" was unimpressed by the movie's screwball comedy script and likened it to a series of underwhelming English-language films made by Spanish moviemakers. He believed that the frenetic pace of the story cost the movie any depth of characterization. "Despite thesps' histrionics," the reviewer wrote, "characters rarely escape stereotype, whether it be Mantegna's frenzied Spanish gesturing—though his accent sounds more Italian—Hamilton sleepwalking through Dupres, or [the call girl] Violeta's desire to get rich quick." The Spanish "Fotogramas" reviewer was more positive, comparing the film to elegant cinematic comedies of the 1950s. He praised the photography, gags, and the elegance of the director's staging, although he also noted that the movie was not a very refined comedy of entanglements.

The film had a budget of $8.5 million, making it the most expensive Spanish production to that point. Actors' fees accounted for a significant portion of the budget. It had been pre-sold to thirty-two countries prior to its release. Although it received good advertising, its November 2001 opening in Spain was disappointing. It was released the following month in Italy and in 2002 in the United Kingdom and United States.


</doc>
<doc id="42833412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42833412" title="High-Rise (film)">
High-Rise (film)

High-Rise is a 2015 British dystopian horror film directed by Ben Wheatley, starring Tom Hiddleston, Jeremy Irons, Sienna Miller, Luke Evans, and Elisabeth Moss. It was produced by Jeremy Thomas through his production company Recorded Picture Company. Its screenplay was written by Amy Jump and based on the 1975 novel "High-Rise" by British writer J. G. Ballard.

The film is set in a luxury tower block during the 1970s. Featuring a wealth of modern conveniences, the building allows its residents to become gradually uninterested in the outside world. The infrastructure begins to fail and tensions between residents become apparent, and the building soon descends into chaos.

In September 2015, the film received its world première at the Toronto International Film Festival and its European première at the 63rd San Sebastián Film Festival. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 18 March 2016 by StudioCanal. Though a critical success, the film's theatrical box office failed to meet its production costs. In 2017 it was nominated for the Empire Award for Best British Film.

The film opens with Dr. Robert Laing (Tom Hiddleston) living in a ravaged high-rise tower block, killing a white Alsatian and spit-roasting its leg.

Three months earlier, the forty-story tower on the outskirts of London, built by esteemed architect Anthony Royal (Jeremy Irons), is the epitome of chic, modern living. Wealthier residents live on the top floors, and more common families below. With amenities including a pool, gym, supermarket, and even a primary school, the occupants have little reason to leave the building beyond working hours, and are increasingly isolated from the outside world.

Laing moves onto the 25th floor after his sister dies. Beginning a relationship with single mother Charlotte Melville (Sienna Miller) and becoming a fatherly figure to her son, Toby (Louis Suc), Laing befriends documentary filmmaker Richard Wilder (Luke Evans) and his pregnant wife Helen (Elisabeth Moss), who live in a low-level apartment with their children.

While Laing leads a physiology class in examining a severed head, a student named Munrow (Augustus Prew) faints and is given a precautionary brain scan. The next day, Laing is taken to the 40th-story penthouse to meet Royal, and is invited to a party thrown by Royal's snobby wife, Ann (Keeley Hawes).

The gathering turns out to be an 18th-century costume party where Laing's everyday suit is ridiculed by Ann and other guests, including Munrow, who also lives in the building. Humiliated, Laing is thrown out and becomes trapped in an elevator during a power outage. Such outages are becoming common, along with water being shut off and garbage chutes becoming blocked, to the annoyance of lower-floor residents. Royal tells Laing these are simply growing pains of a new building.

Munrow's brain scans come back clean, but a vengeful Laing leads him to believe he has a brain tumor. Another power outage ignites a night of decadent partying throughout the high-rise, and a drunk Munrow commits suicide by jumping off the 39th floor. Suspicious that no police arrive to investigate, Wilder becomes intent on exposing the injustices within the high-rise.

Law and order in the building disintegrate as violence becomes commonplace, food from the supermarket becomes scarce, and class warfare erupts between floors. It is implied that Royal has bribed authorities to ignore the disorder. Guilty over Munrow's death, Laing shows signs of mental disturbance, eventually barricading himself in his apartment and settling into the chaotic atmosphere, even having sex with Helen.

Wilder, waking up from a fight with upper-floor residents, intends to kill Royal, believing him responsible for the chaos. Acquiring a gun from the Royals' former housekeeper, Wilder learns that Charlotte is Royal's aide and Toby is Royal's illegitimate child. Breaking into Charlotte's apartment, Wilder tortures and rapes her for information on Royal. The only resident who still leaves for work, upper-floor resident and television newsreader Cosgrove (Peter Ferdinando), is captured and killed by a gang of lower-floor residents.

Some upper-floor residents ask Laing to lobotomize Wilder as a dangerous agitator. After conducting a psychiatric examination, Laing refuses, stating that Wilder is "possibly the sanest man in the building", and is nearly thrown off the tower but Royal intervenes. He and Laing discuss the failure and arguable success of the high-rise as a "crucible for change" that could lead to "new developments", giving residents the opportunity to escape to a new life. The women at the top plan to establish new management of the building, and Helen gives birth to her overdue baby. Wilder makes his way to the penthouse, shooting Royal dead after a scuffle, and is killed by Royal's harem of women, as Toby looks on through his kaleidoscope.

The film ends as it began in the ravaged high-rise. Violence has abated somewhat with many residents dead and apartments in ruin. Laing appears to have gone insane, speaking about himself and to others in the third person and talking to the building. He lies down with Charlotte, reflecting that what has happened will eventually reach the second tower of the development. The film concludes with Toby listening to a radio broadcast of Margaret Thatcher declaring that where there is state capitalism there can never be political freedom.

British producer Jeremy Thomas had wanted to make a film adaptation of J.G. Ballard's "High-Rise" since the 1970s. He tried to make it in the late 1970s with Nicolas Roeg directing from a script by Paul Mayersberg. In the 2000s, Thomas began developing the project with screenwriter Richard Stanley and director Vincenzo Natali, with the film intended as a loose adaptation of the novel.

In 2013, Wheatley started looking into who held the rights to the book, which led him to Thomas. Wheatley has remarked: “The book makes as much sense now as it did then. It was written in the '70s, projecting itself into a near future, but we live in that future now. We’re almost in a new version of the '70s.”

Screenwriter Amy Jump, who is also Wheatley's wife, adapted the book.

Hiddleston's involvement in the project was announced in February 2014 after he was cast in the role of Dr. Robert Laing. Hiddleston had previously worked with Thomas on Jim Jarmusch's 2013 film "Only Lovers Left Alive". The involvement of Luke Evans and Elisabeth Moss was announced that June.

Clint Mansell composed the soundtrack for the film.

International sales were handled by HanWay Films, and key financiers included the British Film Institute and FilmFour.

Principal photography began in July 2014 in Belfast, primarily in the seaside resort town of Bangor, Co. Down.

On 3 July 2014, director Ben Wheatley tweeted pictures of the set. On 6 August 2014, Tom Hiddleston tweeted a photograph of himself from the set seen in character as Laing, together with Wheatley, Luke Evans and director of photography Laurie Rose.

Elisabeth Moss later remarked on Wheatley and the shoot: "I don't know anyone who makes movies like he does... (it was) like if you gave him a bigger crew, a little bit more money, costumes and hair and makeup, all of that stuff that maybe he hasn't had before. It was so fun, he is just a fucking genius and he's so funny."

Prior to production on the film, it was announced that StudioCanal and The Jokers would be distributing the film in the United Kingdom and France respectively. In August 2015, it was announced that Soda Pictures would distribute the film in Canada. The film had its world première at the Toronto International Film Festival on 13 September 2015. It had its international premiere at the San Sebastian Film Festival on 21 September 2015. The film went onto screen at the London Film Festival on 9 October 2015, and the Torino Film Festival on 22 November 2015. Shortly after, it was announced Magnet Releasing had acquired the US distribution rights to the film. The film was released on 18 March 2016 in the United Kingdom. The film was released in the United States on 28 April 2016, with a day and date video on demand and theatrical limited release on 13 May 2016.

The film failed to recoup its production costs.

The critical response to the film is polarized. Tim Robey of "The Telegraph" awarded "High-Rise" 4 out of 5 stars, praising the brutality and dark comedy. IGN awarded it a score of 7.0 out of 10, saying "Enjoyably dark and disturbing adaptation of one of J.G. Ballard's best." Kate Wilson of "Varsity" gave the film a 5-star review, calling it a "masterpiece." Rotten Tomatoes gives it a 59% score based on 203 reviews and an average rating of 6.3/10; the site's consensus is ""High-Rise" may not quite live up to its classic source material, but it still offers an energetic, well-acted, and thought-provoking take on its timely socioeconomic themes." Metacritic gives the film a score of 65 out of 100 based on 36 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".




</doc>
<doc id="42838666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42838666" title="Maybe This Time (2014 film)">
Maybe This Time (2014 film)

Maybe This Time is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng starring Sarah Geronimo and Coco Martin. The film, produced by Star Cinema and Viva Films and distributed by the former, officially premiered in the Philippines on May 28, 2014.

The film, which was labelled to be the 2014's summer movie Valentine, was the first team-up of Geronimo and Martin. It earned on the first day of its release.

Steph Asuncion (Sarah Geronimo) and Tonio Bugayong (Coco Martin) were once in love. Back then, she was a young girl who wanted a simple life and he was older, more ambitious than she was. Tonio was a small town guy who wants to board a ship to provide for his family’s furniture business. Steph was a Manila girl who spends the summer in the province for community service. What might have been a sweet relationship ended sourly when Tonio left without saying goodbye. Steph was heartbroken and it taught her to dream bigger to be worthy of love. Will their paths cross again? Will they overcome the pains of the past to give love a second chance? This is a story between two people who will be reminded about the importance of being true to one’s self in order for true love to happen.



Originally, Martin was supposed to star with Marian Rivera in a movie also entitled "Maybe This Time". The film was supposed to have been helmed by Maryo J. de los Reyes and produced by Regal Films for an early-2013 release. The film likewise would have co-starred Snooky Serna as Martin's mother and was touted as bringing together talents from both ABS-CBN and GMA. The movie, however, was ultimately shelved.

The announcement of the main casts for the film was made on February 8, 2014. The details were first discussed through a meeting on January 21, 2014. At the time, although there were no official announcements for the movie yet, it was already publicized that Geronimo and Martin will be the leads, together with Ruffa Gutierrez, and will be directed by Jerry Lopez Sineneng.

On March 1, 2014, the official theme song of the movie accompanied by a music video waa released. The film's theme "Maybe This Time" by Michael Martin Murphey was covered by the film's lead, Sarah Geronimo. The whole team held a grand press conference on May 15, 2014 at the Dolphy Theater to talk about the film and their experiences. The next day, the first official full-length trailer was released on YouTube.



</doc>
<doc id="42844640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42844640" title="What a Man (1930 film)">
What a Man (1930 film)

What a Man is a 1930 American romantic comedy film directed by George Crone and starring Reginald Denny, Miriam Seegar and Harvey Clark. It was an adaptation of the play "They All Want Something" by Courtenay Savage, which was itself based on a novel by E.J. Rath. A separate Spanish language version "Thus Is Life" was made at the same time. The film was remade in 1938 as "Merrily We Live". It is also known by the alternative title The Gentleman Chauffeur.

A British ex-Grenadier Guards officer moves to America, but struggles to find work. After he is employed as a chauffeur to a wealthy family, he falls in love with his employer's daughter.





</doc>
<doc id="42846627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42846627" title="The Last Bandit">
The Last Bandit

The Last Bandit is a 1949 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Bill Elliott, Lorna Gray and Forrest Tucker. It was a remake by Republic Pictures of the 1941 film "The Great Train Robbery" with a larger budget and using the studio's Trucolor process. The film was remade again in 1952 as "South Pacific Trail".

Frank Norris, now working as a railroad detective, is implicated in an attempt by his former outlaw colleagues to rob a series of gold shipments. 




</doc>
<doc id="42848395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42848395" title="Of Pure Blood">
Of Pure Blood

Of Pure Blood is a 1986 made-for-TV thriller for CBS that premiered on October 19, 1986, directed by Joseph Sargent and starring Lee Remick.
Alicia Browning (Remick) is a casting director in New York City whose grown son is shot to death in Munich, Germany by police when he apparently tried to attack a doctor who was attending the annual Oktoberfest. When Alicia travels to Germany—her native homeland—to investigate, she finds the old Nazi Lebensborn breeding programs still alive and wanting her son's child—her grandchild—that he fathered with a German girlfriend before his death, for their attempts to recreate Hitler's so-called 'master race' and a modern-day Fourth Reich.



</doc>
<doc id="42851321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42851321" title="Cool It Carol!">
Cool It Carol!

Cool it Carol! (1970) is a low budget British sex comedy-drama directed by Pete Walker, starring Robin Askwith and Janet Lynn. According to the opening credits, "this story is true but actual names and places are fictitious"; the film being apparently inspired by a tabloid article the director read in the "News of the World". It was released in the USA as "Dirtiest Girl I Ever Met".

The cautionary tale of Joe and Carol, a couple of youngsters who leave the "sticks" behind and journey to swinging London in search of fame and fortune. Joe fails to find employment in the big city, but Carol enrols as a fashion model. As the naïve couple begin to enjoy the night life of London they are drawn ever deeper into a world of pornography, drugs and prostitution.




</doc>
<doc id="42853308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42853308" title="The Adderall Diaries (film)">
The Adderall Diaries (film)

The Adderall Diaries is a 2015 American crime thriller film written and directed by Pamela Romanowsky, based on a "true-crime memoir" book of the same name by Stephen Elliott. The underlying true crime is the Hans Reiser murder case. The film stars James Franco, Ed Harris, Amber Heard and Christian Slater.

The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 16, 2015. The film was released on DirecTV Cinema on March 10, 2016, prior to opening in a limited release on April 15, 2016, by A24.

Stephen Elliott is a successful author with a troubling childhood.
His mother died when he was a child and his father was physically and psychologically abusive. He has lived most of his life behaving very destructively and abusing drugs and committing petty vandalism.

He had recently gotten a deal to write his next book and decided to write about Hans Reiser, a software guru who developed the Reiser filesystem. He had a volatile marriage and his wife has gone missing. Despite his claims that his wife has simply gone into hiding to hurt him, the cops arrested him for her murder and he is now on trial. Stephen is attending court every day and following the case, in hopes of writing a best seller.

His previous book was a memoir about his childhood that is about to get released. At the release party, he is reading from his book talking about how his late father hurt and abused him and his father Neil Elliott stands up in the crowd and calls him a liar. This causes him to question his childhood memories. In despair, he gets high and goes to a club and sleeps with a random person. He wakes up the middle of next day. His voicemails include his publisher dropping him for missing an important meeting and a girlfriend he was starting a relationship with dumping him. To make matters worse, he also realizes that he slept through the jury finding Hans Reiser guilty of murder.

He connects with his father and realizes that he is dying and wants to make amends. While talking, he figures out that while Neil made some parenting mistakes, Stephen is falsely remembering his father being downright abusive. A recurring memory of his father handcuffing him until he bled was because Stephen was trying to kill himself and Neil was desperately trying to restrain him.

In the end, he writes over the course of two days about making amends with his father. His agent reads it and loves it. She agrees to find him another publisher. Meanwhile, it is revealed in the news that Hans has finally admitted to killing his wife because she was going to leave him and take his kids and he killed her in anger. He has shown the cops where her body is buried in exchange for a lesser sentence.

Director Pamela Romanowsky met James Franco at New York University while attending the MFA Film Program. After collaborating on a short film, he hired her to direct "The Adderall Diaries" as he had previously purchased the rights. In June 2014, Christian Slater had been cast in the film.

Principal photography began on May 16, 2014 in Brooklyn. On May 23, filming was underway in New York City.

The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 16, 2015. Shortly after the premiere, its distributed rights were acquired by A24 Films and DirecTV Cinema, the film would premiere on DirecTV before a theatrical and video on demand release.

The film was released on March 10, 2016, on DirecTV Cinema prior to a limited theatrical release on April 15, 2016.

The film received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, it currently holds a 19% score based on 32 reviews, with an average rating of 4.44/10. Metacritic reports a 42 out of 100 rating based on 16 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Stephen Elliott reviewed the film negatively saying that the final result had little in common with his memoir and wondered "why calling the character Stephen Elliott was necessary."



</doc>
<doc id="42854800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42854800" title="The Impersonator">
The Impersonator

The Impersonator is a 1961 low-budget black and white British thriller film directed and co-written by Alfred Shaughnessy. An American angle and U.S. character actor John Crawford were incorporated to give this second feature some transatlantic box office appeal.

In an effort to improve relations between a US air force base and the sleepy local English village nearby, airman Sergeant Jimmy Bradford organises a school trip to see the pantomime "Mother Goose". Meanwhile a prowling killer is on the loose and after a night out with the victim, the finger of suspicion points at Bradford.


Writing in "The Radio Times", David Parkinson gave the film two out of five stars, saying, "it's shoestring stuff, but still better than most British B-movies." Britmovie called the film an "excellent British B-thriller produced by Bryanston on a budget of £23,000 that is a cut above the majority of second features."

It was one of 15 films selected by Steve Chibnall and Brian McFarlane in "The British 'B' Film", their survey of British B films, as among the most meritorious of the B films made in Britain between World War II and 1970. They called it "exceptionally proficient" and noted that the critics Penelope Gilliatt and Dilys Powell had also praised it at the time of its release.


</doc>
<doc id="42857012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42857012" title="X: Night of Vengeance">
X: Night of Vengeance

X: Night of Vengeance is a 2011 Australian erotic thriller directed by Jon Hewitt and starring Viva Bianca and Hanna Mangan-Lawrence as a pair of sex workers who witness a murder and must evade the killer (Stephen Phillips) while he chases them through Sydney, Australia.

Shay, a runaway on her first night in Sydney, works as prostitute. She is beaten up by couple of pimps because she took one of their customers. Holly is on her last night working as a high-class call girl before departing with one of her clients to Paris. Needing a brunette girl for one of her customers, Holly discovers Shay and recruits her for a sexual encounter. In the client's hotel room, they witness him being killed by Bennett. The girls flee the hotel, chased by the murderer through King's Cross, Sydney's red-light district.

Holly and Shay use a cab driven by Harry, and the pair manage to evade Bennett, only for Bennett to track Holly using the murder victim's recent call list. Bennett intercepts Holly and assaults her. They drive through the street looking for Shay. It is revealed that Shay is seventeen years old and ran away from home after her mom died. Bennett finds Shay walking through the streets, Holly warns Shay and Shay runs away. Bennett chases after her, leaving his car behind with Holly inside.

Holly takes Bennett's car and rescues Shay. It is now revealed that Bennett is a cop. Holly decides to seek help from her boyfriend Ligurian, who is also a cop. They visit Ligurian at a strip club and ask for his help. It turns out Ligurian and Bennett are friends and when Bennett tries to shoot Holly, Ligurian shoots and kills him. Ligurian then forces Shay to drive a car with him and Holly. Holly drives the car into a wall, killing Ligurian. Holly and Shay then escape with the briefcase in another car before Holly succumbs to an injury from the crash. Shay leaves in Harry's taxi and receives a pet rabbit from Harry the next morning.

"X" was shot in and around Kings Cross, Sydney.

The film premiered at the 60th Melbourne International Film Festival in 2011. The film was sold overseas before it premiered in Australia, which director Hewitt attributed to the difficulty that Australian films have competing against American films domestically.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports a 69% approval rating based on 16 reviews and a rating average of 5.3 out of 10. Glenn Dunks on Oyna Magazine gave "X: Night of Vengeance" a B+, stating that the film "won't be for everyone, but I found myself enjoying every second of its slick, bordering on camp, nature. It's one of the most alive and confident genre titles to come out of this country in quite some time", while Xan Brooks of "The Guardian" gave it a 2/5 rating and said, "Hewitt's pungent early scenes of Oz's underbelly have a certain crystal-meth intensity, but the buzz can't last, and the film starts to wilt."

Cindy Clarkson was nominated for Best Editing at the 2nd AACTA Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="42859225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42859225" title="Walking on Sunshine (film)">
Walking on Sunshine (film)

Walking on Sunshine is a 2014 British romantic jukebox musical comedy-drama film directed by Max Giwa and Dania Pasquini. The film features covers of songs from the 1980s and was released on 27 June 2014. It is also a debut role for singer-songwriter Leona Lewis.

The opening scene shows Taylor and her boyfriend Raf by the sea. Raf wants Taylor to stay with him in Italy, but Taylor wishes to go to university and start her "real life".

Three years later, Taylor goes to the south Italian region of Apulia on holiday ("Holiday"). Her sister Maddie, who went there five weeks before upon Taylor's instruction to get over a break-up with her boyfriend Doug, greets her when she arrives and surprises Taylor with her extravagant house and their friend Lil. Maddie also reveals she is getting married in two days, which shocks Taylor ("Venus"). Lil reveals that Taylor had a boyfriend in Apulia on her holiday three years ago, but Taylor explains she doesn't want to rekindle her relationship with him. Taylor then goes down to the beach to see if she recognizes anybody from her holiday three years ago. She is reunited with her friend Elena and her boyfriend Enrico, as well as her friend Mikey. Taylor sees Raf on the beach and follows him cleverly ("How Will I Know?") before falling right in front of him. Raf recognizes her and is about to greet her when Maddie runs over and kisses Raf, revealing that Raf is Maddie's fiancé. Raf, Elena, Mikey and Enrico are all very surprised that Maddie and Taylor are sisters as they don't think the pair have anything in common. Taylor is shocked that Maddie is marrying Raf, but pretends she doesn't know him, Elena, Enrico, or Mikey, despite Elena telling her she should tell Maddie the truth. Taylor declines, and tells her she would prefer to keep it a secret as not to worry Maddie.

Later on that night the group attends a dinner, where Raf makes a speech about Maddie that brings Taylor to tears, which she disguises. Maddie makes a speech ("The Power of Love"). Taylor goes outside to the bar and Raf follows her, saying that the relationship between them is "weird", which Taylor denies at first but then agrees with. Raf wants to tell Maddie about their relationship three years ago but Taylor refuses, wanting to protect Maddie and to stop her from feeling like a fool.

The next day, Raf and Taylor are sent by Maddie to go and sort out their clothes and also the rings. Raf and Taylor argue about their past relationship and Taylor says she doesn't believe people should "sing from the rooftops", referring to people's feelings. Raf argues that if they do, they really mean it. Elena, Mikey and Enrico overhear and leave. However, when Raf and Taylor step out of the changing cubicles in their wedding outfits it is hinted that they still have feelings for each other.

While this is happening, Doug turns up and surprises Maddie at the market. He tells her he made a mistake by breaking up with her, and wants her back. She declines, but Doug tries to persuade her ("Don't You Want Me"). He follows Maddie back to her house, where she agrees to have dinner with him before her hen party as a "final farewell". Elena and Enrico are discussing Taylor's secret by the pool and Maddie walks in, finding out Elena has a secret. Elena panics and tells her she is pregnant.

Raf and Taylor return from wedding preparations and Maddie asks if Taylor would like a plus one, hinting at her past boyfriend from three years ago. Taylor declines and then finds out about Doug and Maddie's dinner after Doug sends Maddie pink roses with a note saying he can't wait for it, and an argument ensues. The others break up the argument by taking Taylor to the tomato festival ("Walking on Sunshine"). Maddie is left behind to be pampered for her hen night.

After the festival, Raf takes Taylor to the sea to wash off the tomatoes. The sun is setting ("Eternal Flame"). Raf overhears Taylor and the two go to kiss, but Taylor runs away, still thinking about Maddie. Raf chases her as she runs back to the house, and he demands to know if she has any feelings for him and to discuss what happened between them on the beach. Whilst they are arguing, Maddie walks in and her hen party guests led by Elena and Lil surprise them. Taylor is forced to reveal that Raf was her old love from her past Puglia holiday but lies, saying that she has no feelings for him. Raf is hurt, but says the same, to keep his relationship with Maddie strong. Lil kicks Raf out of the hen night and Maddie tells Taylor to change for the party.

The girls go out on the hen night, dressed up ("Girls Just Wanna Have Fun"); the boys do the same ("The Wild Boys"). Taylor leaves the nightclub that the girls are visiting, and sings It Must Have Been Love, along with Raf who is in a different part of Puglia at his stag do. Taylor realizes she still loves Raf and decides she can't stay in case she destroys Maddie and Raf's relationship. She leaves for the airport in a taxi, throwing a picture of her and Raf out of the taxi window.

Whilst Taylor is leaving, Maddie goes back to her bedroom where Doug is waiting. He says he does not want anything from her but he wants to give his blessing, which Maddie says is "sweet" before she realizes what Doug is doing. She ties Doug up, pretending she is going to have sex with him ("Faith"); instead, she pushes him into the pool. Everything goes silent and Maddie goes to see if he is alright, and Doug is on one knee with an engagement ring, which confuses Maddie.

The morning afterwards, Lil finds Taylor in the airport and offers advice. She says that Taylor must forget her feelings for Raf as her relationship with Maddie is more important. Taylor agrees and the pair get in a taxi to go to the wedding, after Lil realizes they are late. Taylor changes in the taxi. Maddie also wakes up late, hugging a picture of Raf, meaning she turned Doug away. Raf is shown duct taped to a tree next to a nunnery. The cast congregates at the church ("White Wedding"). Maddie and Taylor reconcile before heading inside.

At the altar, the priest asks if anybody objects to Raf and Maddie's marriage, to which Doug stands up, but Maddie tells him to sit down. Maddie then surprises everyone, telling Raf she is in love with love itself rather than him specifically and that he deserves better. Raf leaves the church but Taylor pursues him to apologize ("If I Could Turn Back Time"). When it doesn't work, Taylor runs to the roof and sings to Raf from there, as earlier on in the film Raf said if somebody sings from the rooftops you can tell they mean their feelings. Raf joins Taylor on the roof where Taylor tells Raf she loves him and the two kiss.

Later at the beach, Elena admits to Enrico that she actually is pregnant and Enrico is overjoyed. Lil hints at having feelings for Mikey by kissing him. Maddie and Taylor discuss how Maddie is now alone, but she says she will be fine. Doug interrupts the girls, and Lil and Taylor strap him into a hang glider whilst Maddie distracts him. Lil gives a signal to a boat offshore and Doug is flown up into the air, screaming. The entire cast then perform "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" and the film ends.


The film was shot in the Salento region of Apulia, the "heel of the Italian boot".
The Piazza del Duomo of Lecce appears in several scenes.
Nardò is the location of the Tomatina-inspired tomato festival.
Buildings of Presicce also appear.
Beach scenes were shot at Lido Coco Loco at Torre San Giovanni 

"Walking on Sunshine" opened in 360 theaters on 27 June 2014 and earned $687,345 in its opening weekend. As of 23 July, it has grossed $3,248,671 worldwide.

The film received negative reviews, currently holding a 33% rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 24 reviews. The site's consensus states: "It desperately wants to be frothy and fun, but "Walking on Sunshine" is crass and calculated -- and a poor substitute for the jukebox musicals it attempts to emulate."



</doc>
<doc id="42862256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42862256" title="A Matter of Resistance">
A Matter of Resistance

A Matter of Resistance () is a 1965 French romantic comedy film co-written and directed by Jean-Paul Rappeneau, and starring Catherine Deneuve, Pierre Brasseur, Philippe Noiret and Henri Garcin. It received the Louis Delluc Prize in 1965.




</doc>
<doc id="42870175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42870175" title="Blackhats">
Blackhats

Blackhats is an action film directed by Laron Austin and starring Errol Sadler, Doris Morgado, and E. Roger MitchellIt was produced by Eddie Singleton, Martin Kelley, Bennie Swint and Sadler. The screenplay was written by Eddie Singleton and Martin Kelley.


The film was shot in Atlanta, Georgia area over 25 days in 2014. It opened in one theater on October 23, 2015, closing six days later with total box office receipts of US$3,216.



</doc>
<doc id="42871384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42871384" title="Glamour for Sale">
Glamour for Sale

Glamour for Sale is a 1940 American crime film directed by D. Ross Lederman and starring Anita Louise, Roger Pryor, and Frances Robinson.





</doc>
<doc id="42873351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42873351" title="Selma (film)">
Selma (film)

Selma is a 2014 historical drama film directed by Ava DuVernay and written by Paul Webb. It is based on the 1965 Selma to Montgomery voting rights marches led by James Bevel, Hosea Williams, Martin Luther King Jr., and John Lewis. The film stars actors David Oyelowo as King, Tom Wilkinson as President Lyndon B. Johnson, Tim Roth as George Wallace, Carmen Ejogo as Coretta Scott King, and Common as Bevel.

"Selma" premiered at the American Film Institute Festival on November 11, 2014, began a limited US release on December 25, and expanded into wide theatrical release on January 9, 2015, two months before the 50th anniversary of the march. The film was re-released on March 20, 2015 in honor of the 50th anniversary of the historical march.

"Selma" received critical acclaim, with particular praise given to DuVernay's direction and Oyelowo's performance. It was met with some criticism for its historical innacuracies, largely centered on the perceived villification of Johnson and the omission of several prominent Jewish civil rights leaders. The film was nominated for Best Picture and won Best Original Song at the 87th Academy Awards. It also received four Golden Globe Award nominations, including Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director and Best Actor and won for Best Original Song.

In 1964, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) accepts his Nobel Peace Prize. Four black girls walking down stairs in the Birmingham, Alabama 16th Street Baptist Church are killed by a bomb set by the Ku Klux Klan. Annie Lee Cooper attempts to register to vote in Selma, Alabama but is prevented by the white registrar. King meets with Lyndon B. Johnson and asks for federal legislation to allow black citizens to register to vote unencumbered, but the president responds that, although he understands Dr. King's concerns, he has more important projects. 
King travels to Selma with Ralph Abernathy, Andrew Young, James Orange, and Diane Nash. James Bevel greets them, and other SCLC activists appear. FBI director J. Edgar Hoover tells Johnson that King is a problem, and suggests they disrupt his marriage. Coretta Scott King has concerns about her husband's upcoming work in Selma. King calls singer Mahalia Jackson to inspire him with a song.

King, other SCLC leaders, and black Selma residents march to the registration office to register. After a confrontation in front of the courthouse, a shoving match occurs as the police go into the crowd. Cooper fights back, knocking Sheriff Jim Clark to the ground, leading to the arrest of Cooper, King, and others.

Alabama Governor George Wallace speaks out against the movement. Coretta meets with Malcolm X, who says he will drive whites to ally with King by advocating a more extreme position. Wallace and Al Lingo decide to use force at an upcoming night march in Marion, Alabama, using state troopers to assault the marchers. A group of protesters runs into a restaurant to hide, but troopers rush in, beat and shoot Jimmie Lee Jackson. King and Bevel meet with Cager Lee, Jackson's grandfather, at the morgue. King speaks to ask people to continue to fight for their rights. King receives harassing phone calls with a recording of sexual activity implied to be him and another woman leading to an argument with Coretta; she knows it is a fabrication but the strain of constant death threats has taken its toll on her. King is criticized by members of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC, pronounced "snick" in the film).

As the Selma to Montgomery march is about to begin, King talks to Young about canceling it, but Young convinces King to persevere. The marchers, including John Lewis of SNCC, Hosea Williams of SCLC, and Selma activist Amelia Boynton, cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge and approach a line of state troopers who put on gas masks. The troopers order the marchers to turn back, and when the marchers hold their ground, the troopers attack with clubs, horses, tear gas, and other weapons. Lewis and Boynton are among those badly injured. The attack is shown on national television as the wounded are treated at Brown Chapel, the movement's headquarter church.

Movement attorney Fred Gray asks federal Judge Frank Minis Johnson to let the march go forward. President Johnson demands that King and Wallace cease their activities, and sends John Doar to convince King to postpone the next march. White Americans, including Viola Liuzzo and James Reeb, arrive to join the second march. Marchers cross the bridge again and see the state troopers lined up, but the troopers turn aside to let them pass. King, after praying, turns around and leads the group away, and again comes under sharp criticism from SNCC activists. That evening, Reeb is beaten to death by a white mob on a street in Selma.

Judge Johnson allows the march. President Johnson speaks before a Joint Session of Congress to ask for quick passage of a bill to eliminate restrictions on voting, praising the courage of the activists. The march on the highway to Montgomery takes place, and, when the marchers reach Montgomery, King delivers a speech on the steps of the State Capitol.

On June 18, 2008, "Variety" reported that screenwriter Paul Webb had written an original story about Martin Luther King Jr. and Lyndon B. Johnson for Celador's Christian Colson, which would be co-produced with Brad Pitt's Plan B Entertainment. In 2009, Lee Daniels was reportedly in early talks to direct the film, with financing by Pathé. Dede Gardner and Jeremy Kleiner of Plan B joined as co-producers along with participation of Cloud Eight Films. In 2010, reports indicated that The Weinstein Company would join Pathe and Plan B to finance the $22 million film, but by the next month Daniels had signed on with Sony to re-write and direct "The Butler". In an interview in August 2010, Daniels said that financing was there for the "Selma" project, but he had to choose between "The Butler" and "Selma", and chose "The Butler".

In July 2013, it was said that Ava DuVernay had signed on to direct the film for Pathé UK and Plan B, and that she was revising the script with the original screenwriter, Paul Webb. DuVernay estimated that she re-wrote 90 percent of Webb's original script. Those revisions included rewriting King's speeches, because, in 2009, King's estate licensed them to DreamWorks and Warner Bros. for an untitled project to be produced by Steven Spielberg. Subsequent negotiations between those companies and "Selma"'s producers did not lead to an agreement. DuVernay drafted alternative speeches that evoke the historic ones without violating the copyright. She recalled spending hours listening to King's words while hiking the canyons of Los Angeles. While she did not think she would "get anywhere close to just the beauty and that nuance of his speech patterns", she did identify some of King's basic structure, such as a tendency to speak in triplets (saying one thing in three different ways). In early 2014, Oprah Winfrey came on board as a producer along with Pitt, and by February 25 Paramount Pictures was in final negotiations for the US and Canadian distribution rights. DuVernay did not receive screenwriting credit due to a stipulation within Webb's original contract, which gave Webb the sole credit.

On April 4, 2014, it was announced that Bradford Young would be the director of photography of the film.

In 2010, Daniels (who was the attached director at the time) confirmed that the lead role of King would be played by British actor David Oyelowo. King was one of four main roles played by British actors (the others roles being those of King's wife, President Johnson, and Alabama Governor Wallace). Actors who had confirmed in 2010 but who did not appear in the 2014 production include Robert De Niro, Hugh Jackman, Cedric the Entertainer, Lenny Kravitz, and Liam Neeson.
On March 26, 2014, British actor Tom Wilkinson was added to the cast to play US President Lyndon B. Johnson. On April 7, it was announced that British actress Carmen Ejogo would play Dr. King's wife, Coretta Scott King. On April 15, actor and rapper Lakeith Stanfield had reportedly joined the cast to play civil rights protester Jimmie Lee Jackson, who was shot and killed on a nighttime march and whose death led James Bevel to initiate the Selma to Montgomery marches. On April 22, Lorraine Toussaint joined the cast to portray Amelia Boynton Robinson, who was very active in the Selma movement before SCLC arrived and was the first African-American woman in Alabama to run for Congress. On April 25, it was announced that R&B singer Ledisi had been added to the cast to play Mahalia Jackson, a singer and friend of King. On May 7, Andre Holland joined the cast to play politician and civil rights activist Andrew Young. On May 8, Tessa Thompson was cast to play the role of Diane Nash, a civil rights activist and founding member of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. On May 9, Deadline confirmed the role of rapper and actor Common as James Bevel, the Director of Direct Action and Director of Nonviolent Education of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. On May 16, Trai Byers was added to the cast to play James Forman, a civil rights leader active in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee. And on June 20, Deadline cited the role of Colman Domingo as SCLC activist Ralph Abernathy.

On May 28, Stephan James was confirmed portraying the role of SNCC activist John Lewis in the film. On May 29, Wendell Pierce joined the film to play civil rights leader Hosea Williams. On May 30, Cuba Gooding Jr. was set to play civil rights attorney and activist Fred Gray. On June 3, British actor Tim Roth signed on to play Alabama governor George Wallace. On June 4, Niecy Nash joined the cast to play Richie Jean Jackson, wife of Dr. Sullivan Jackson played by Kent Faulcon, while John Lavelle joined to play Roy Reed, a reporter covering the march for "The New York Times". On June 10, it was announced that the film's producer, Oprah Winfrey, would also portray Annie Lee Cooper, a 54-year-old woman who tried to register to vote and was denied by Sheriff Clark—whom she then punched in the jaw and knocked down. Jeremy Strong joined the cast to play James Reeb, a white Unitarian Universalist minister from Boston and murdered civil rights activist. On June 12, it was reported that Giovanni Ribisi joined the cast to play Lee C. White, an adviser to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson on strategies regarding the Civil Rights Movement. Alessandro Nivola also joined to play John Doar, a civil rights activist and attorney general for civil rights for the Department of Justice in the 1960s. Dylan Baker was added to the cast to play FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover , who carried out extensive investigations of King and his associates, on July 17.

Principal photography began May 20, 2014, around Atlanta, Georgia. Filming took place around Marietta Square and Rockdale County Courthouse in Conyers. The Conyers scene involved a portrayal of federal judge Frank Minis Johnson, who ruled that the third and final march could go forward. In Newton County, Georgia, filming took place at Flat Road, Airport Road, Gregory Road, Conyers, Brown, Ivy and Emory Streets, exteriors on Lee Street, outside shots of the old Newton County Courthouse, also shots of the Covington Square, and an interior night shoot at the Townhouse Café on Washington St. In Alabama, scenes were shot in Selma, centering on the Bloody Sunday march to the Edmund Pettus Bridge, and at Montgomery, Alabama, where, in 1965, King led civil rights demonstrators down Dexter Avenue toward the Alabama State Capitol at the conclusion of the third march from Selma.

Jason Moran composed the music for the film, marking his debut in the field. Common (who plays James Bevel) and John Legend released the accompanying track "Glory" in December 2014, ahead of the film's theatrical release. A protest anthem, "Glory" refers to the 2014 Ferguson protests and earned both the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and the Academy Award for Best Original Song.

"Selma" premiered in Grauman's Egyptian Theatre at AFI Fest on November 11, 2014, in Los Angeles for which it received a standing ovation. The film opened in limited release in the United States on December 25, 2014, including Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, before its wide opening on January 9, 2015.

The film was screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival in February 2015. It was released by Pathé February 6, 2015 in the United Kingdom. Paramount Pictures gave the film a limited re-release in the US on March 20, 2015 to honor the march's 50th anniversary. "Selma" was released on Blu-ray and DVD on May 5, 2015.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 99% based on 304 reviews, with an average rating of 8.51/10. The site's critical consensus reads: "Fueled by a gripping performance from David Oyelowo, "Selma" draws inspiration and dramatic power from the life and death of Martin Luther King, Jr. – but doesn't ignore how far we remain from the ideals his work embodied." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 85 out of 100, based on 52 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". According to CinemaScore, audiences gave the film a rare grade of "A+" on an A+ to F scale.

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun Times" praised the film as "an important history lesson that never feels like a lecture. Once school is back in session, every junior high school class in America should take a field trip to see this movie." Joe Morgenstern, writing for "The Wall Street Journal", wrote: "At its best, Ava DuVernay's biographical film honors Dr. King's legacy by dramatizing the racist brutality that spurred him and his colleagues to action." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" praised the acting, directing, writing, and cinematography, and wrote: "Even if you think you know what's coming, "Selma" hums with suspense and surprise. Packed with incident and overflowing with fascinating characters, it is a triumph of efficient, emphatic cinematic storytelling."

Rene Rodriguez, writing in the "Miami Herald", commented that
Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote: "DuVernay's look at Martin Luther King's 1965 voting-rights march against racial injustice stings with relevance to the here and now. Oyelowo's stirring, soulful performance as King deserves superlatives." David Denby, writing for "The New Yorker", wrote: "This is cinema, more rhetorical, spectacular, and stirring than cable-TV drama." Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" gave the film four out of five stars, and wrote: "With "Selma", director Ava DuVernay has created a stirring, often thrilling, uncannily timely drama that works on several levels at once ... she presents [Martin Luther King, Jr.] as a dynamic figure of human-scale contradictions, flaws and supremely shrewd political skills."

Praise was not unanimous. Glen Ford, editor of Black Agenda Report, criticized the film as a product of the "conservative Black political worldview" of producer and star Oprah Winfrey, writing that it "insults Black SNCC civil rights heroes" but protects "the white, rich Kennedys". Writing about why "Selma" was not nominated for more Academy Awards, Adolph Reed Jr., political science professor at the University of Pennsylvania, opined that "now it's the black (haute) bourgeoisie that suffers injustice on behalf of the black masses."

Selma was ranked 1 by WhatFilmy in their list of 15 Best Political Drama Movies.

The film won and was nominated for several awards in 2014–15. In addition, "Selma" was listed on many critics' top ten lists.

The historical accuracy of "Selma"s story has been the subject of controversy about the degree to which artistic license should be used in historical fiction. The film was criticized by some for its omission of various individuals and groups historically associated with the Selma marches, while others challenged how particular historical figures in the script were represented.

Most controversy in the media centered on the film's portrayal of President Johnson, and his relationship with King. To people such as LBJ Presidential Library director Mark Updegrove and Joseph A. Califano Jr., Johnson was seen as a champion of civil rights legislation and a proactive partner of King, and they accused the film of falsely depicting Johnson as a reluctant, obstructionist political actor who had the FBI monitor and harass King. Having served as Johnson's top domestic policy assistant (including on issues of civil rights) and as U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare, Califano questioned whether the writer and director felt "free to fill the screen with falsehoods, immune from any responsibility to the dead, just because they thought it made for a better story". Historian David E. Kaiser complains that the film's depiction of Johnson as obstructing Dr. King's civil rights efforts—when, in fact, he helped get important legislation passed—advances a false narrative that American whites are "hopelessly infected by racism and that black people could and should depend only on themselves".

Andrew Young—SCLC activist and official, and later U.S. congressman, ambassador to the United Nations, and mayor of Atlanta—told "The Washington Post" that the depiction of the relationship between Johnson and King "was the only thing I would question in the movie. Everything else, they got 100 percent right". According to Young, the two were always mutually respectful, and King respected Johnson's political problems. On television, Young pointed out that it was US Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy who had signed the order that allowed the FBI to monitor King and other SCLC members and that it happened before Johnson took office.

Some Jews who marched with King at Selma wrote that the film omits any mention of the Jews who contributed significantly to the civil rights movement, “airbrushing” Jews out of the film, particularly Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel, who appeared in news photos at the front of the march with King.

Director DuVernay and US Representative John Lewis, who is portrayed in the film marching with King during the civil rights movement, responded separately that the film "Selma" is a work of art about the people of Selma, not a documentary. DuVernay said in an interview that she did not see herself as "a custodian of anyone's legacy". In response to criticisms that she rewrote history to portray her own agenda, DuVernay said that the movie is "not a documentary. I'm not a historian. I'm a storyteller." Lewis wrote in an op-ed for "The Los Angeles Times": "We do not demand completeness of other historical dramas, so why is it required of this film?"

The visual blog "Information is Beautiful" deduced that, while taking creative license into account, the film was 100% accurate when compared to real-life events, saying that it "painstakingly recreates events as they happened, and takes care to include everybody who was involved".




</doc>
<doc id="42875348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42875348" title="The Initiation of Sarah">
The Initiation of Sarah

The Initiation of Sarah is a 1978 American made-for-television supernatural horror film directed by Robert Day. It first aired on ABC on February 6, 1978 and starred Kay Lenz as a shy, withdrawn young woman who discovers that she has psychic powers after joining a sorority. The film achieved some controversy upon its initial airing on television as part of the film's plot involved Morgan Fairchild wearing a wet T-shirt after being thrown into a fountain, something that had not been previously shown in a made-for-TV movie.

The film was later re-made in 2006 for ABC Family and Fairchild returned to portray the mother of the titular Sarah and her sister, who was renamed Lindsay. Fairchild initially regretted portraying Jennifer in the 1978 film but later changed her mind after producer Chuck Fries stated that while it was easy to find an ingenue, it was difficult to find someone who could play a convincing "bitch".

The film opens with Sarah (Kay Lenz), a painfully shy young woman, and her beautiful sister Patty (Morgan Brittany) playing on the beach at sunset. Patty wanders off to play in the surf with a young man, only for him to try to force himself on her. After a moment the man recoils and it is implied that Sarah has used telekinesis to save Patty. The film then cuts to the two sisters driving to college. On the way there Patty and Sarah discuss plans for the two of them to join Alpha Nu Sigma (ANS) as their mother was a member of the sorority. Sarah points out that she (Sarah) is adopted and that Patty is their mother's only biological child, as she was adopted shortly after she was born.

Once at the campus the two girls attend a rush week party at ANS. Patty is instantly welcomed into the sorority's clique while Sarah is directed to the nearby Phi Epsilon Delta (PED) house, as they do not view her as a potential candidate. The sisters both go to the PED house, where they are met with a general lack of enthusiasm from almost all of the girls other than Mouse (Tisa Farrow), an awkward and shy young woman who is instantly drawn to Sarah. After rush week is over Patty is overjoyed to get into ANS, but is somewhat hurt when she discovers that not only did Sarah not get in, but that ANS president Jennifer (Morgan Fairchild) insists that Patty not speak to Sarah, as she was accepted into PED. This causes friction between the two sisters, as Sarah is frustrated at Patty's reluctant willingness to follow Jennifer's orders.

As the semester progresses Sarah begins to strike up a relationship of sorts with Paul (Tony Bill), a teaching assistant for her psychology classes, and becomes somewhat closer to Mouse. She's unnerved by the PED's den mother Mrs. Hunter (Shelley Winters), who recognizes that Sarah has special powers and insists that she use them to lead PED to glory against the ANS. Patty continually tries to find ways to talk to Sarah but is repeatedly unsuccessful and Jennifer's taunting ultimately leads Sarah to use her powers to push Jennifer into a fountain. Feeling vindicated by the encounter, Sarah begins to open up to the idea of her powers but does not fully embrace them until Jennifer orchestrates a cruel prank against Sarah where she is pelted with rotten food, eggs, and mud. While the prank is successful in humiliating Sarah, it finally pushes Patty to leave Jennifer's sorority. Angry, Sarah rebuffs Paul's attempts to persuade her that Mrs. Hunter is evil and that she should leave the sorority, ultimately deciding to hold an initiation ceremony with Mrs. Hunter.

On the night of the ceremony Sarah and the other PEDs eagerly follow Mrs. Hunter's lead. Sarah notes that Mouse is not at the ceremony but is pacified by Mrs. Hunter's assurances that Mouse will show up at the final portion of the night's events. As the group is led through the ceremony, the ANS are also going through their own initiation rites. At Mrs. Hunter's prompting Sarah uses her powers to disrupt the ceremony for an interruption, causing the wind to blow the ANS' dresses and cause Jennifer's face to permanently warp into a horrific visage. However, when Sarah discovers that the PED ceremony will end with Mouse getting sacrificed, she uses her powers to stop the ceremony but ends up burning herself and Mrs. Hunter alive. The film ends with Patty deciding to join PED at Mouse's insistence and the two sorrowfully gaze at a picture of Patty and Sarah in happier times.


Critical reception for the DVD release of "The Initiation of Sarah" has been mixed to positive. Most of the reviews shared the opinion that while the film was cheesy, they enjoyed the acting. Multiple reviewers also noted its similarity to the 1976 film "Carrie", which also dealt with the subject of a female outcast that discovers telekinetic powers, with comparing it unfavorably to the earlier film while still maintaining that "The Initiation of Sarah" was overall enjoyable.



</doc>
<doc id="42883739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42883739" title="The Institute (2013 film)">
The Institute (2013 film)

The Institute is a 2013 documentary film directed by Spencer McCall reconstructing the story of the "Jejune Institute", an alternate reality game set in San Francisco, through interviews with the participants and the creators. The game was produced in 2008 by Oakland-based artist Jeff Hull. Over the course of three years, it enrolled more than 10,000 players who, responding to eccentric flyers plastered all over the city, started the game by receiving their "induction" at the fake headquarters of the Institute, located in an office building in San Francisco's Financial District.



</doc>
<doc id="42886300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886300" title="Melody of My Heart">
Melody of My Heart

Melody of My Heart is a 1936 British musical film directed by Wilfred Noy and starring Derek Oldham, Lorraine La Fosse and Bruce Seton. It was made at Beaconsfield Studios.




</doc>
<doc id="42886539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886539" title="The Fool Killer">
The Fool Killer

The Fool Killer (also known as Violent Journey) is a 1965 American adventure drama film starring Edward Albert and Anthony Perkins. It was based on the 1954 novel of the same name by Helen Eustis.

A 12-year-old boy roams the post-Civil War South with a philosophical axe murderer.




</doc>
<doc id="42886601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886601" title="Pyro... The Thing Without a Face">
Pyro... The Thing Without a Face

Pyro... The Thing Without a Face (also known as Wheel of Fire) is a 1964 American horror film directed Julio Coll.

Vance Pierson is an engineer with a wife and daughter, who is having an affair with a widow, Laura. He wants to end the affair but Laura gets upset and sets the family home on fire. The fire kills Vance's family and disfigures him. He seeks revenge on his former mistress.


The film was released for the first time on DVD by Troma on February 27, 2001.

TV Guide awarded the film 2/5 stars, criticizing the film's script, dialogue, and over focus on the affair between Hyer and Sullivan. However, they did commend the film's make-up effects, and predictable but well handled ending. On his website "Fantastic Movie Musings and Ramblings", Dave Sindelar noted that the film was obvious and straightforward, but commended the film's attention to detail, and strong performances.



</doc>
<doc id="42886651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886651" title="The Continental Twist">
The Continental Twist

The Continental Twist is a 1961 film. It was also known as Twist All Night. An excuse to feature the twist, "The Motion Picture Guild" described the movie as, "an idiotic mess that smacked of ripoff."

A number of musicians including Louis Evans become concerned when it appears they will be evicted from their nightclub. He and girlfriend Jenny Watson accidentally encounter a group of art thieves in the process.



</doc>
<doc id="42886660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42886660" title="Make-Up (1937 film)">
Make-Up (1937 film)

Make-Up is a 1937 British drama film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Nils Asther, June Clyde and Judy Kelly. It was a circus film made by an independent production company at Shepperton Studios.




</doc>
<doc id="42887207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42887207" title="Love Up the Pole">
Love Up the Pole

Love Up the Pole is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Clifford Gulliver and starring Ernie Lotinga, Vivienne Chatterton and Wallace Lupino. It was made at the Cricklewood Studios in London, and distributed by Butcher's Film Service which specialised in low-budget British films.




</doc>
<doc id="42887276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42887276" title="Sin Town (1929 film)">
Sin Town (1929 film)

Sin Town is a 1929 American silent western film directed by J. Gordon Cooper and William K. Howard and starring Elinor Fair, Ivan Lebedeff and Hugh Allan. It is a contemporary-set Western, in which two World War I veterans are wrongly accused of killing a rancher and arrested for murder. With the help of the rancher's daughter they escape and capture the real culprit.




</doc>
<doc id="42887316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42887316" title="Sin Town (1942 film)">
Sin Town (1942 film)

Sin Town is a 1942 American western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Constance Bennett, Broderick Crawford and Patric Knowles. It is set during the Texas Oil Boom of the early 20th century.

According to the "New York Times", July 31, 1942: Universal has signed Constance Bennett to play the feminine lead in “Sin Town,” a story of an oil-boom community, which was originally scheduled for Marlene Dietrich. The cast will also include Broderick Crawford, Andy Devine and Leo Carrillo, and Ray Enright will direct.




</doc>
<doc id="42898162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42898162" title="Romeo and Juliet (2013 Broadway play)">
Romeo and Juliet (2013 Broadway play)

Romeo and Juliet is a filmed performance of the 2013 Broadway theatrical production of William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" starring Orlando Bloom and Condola Rashād which was produced as a 2014 film by BroadwayHD and Fathom Events.

It was the first Broadway production of the play "Romeo and Juliet" since 1977. The play ran on Broadway at Richard Rodgers Theatre from September 19 to December 8, 2013 for 93 regular performances after 27 previews starting on August 24 with Orlando Bloom and Condola Rashād in the starring roles. On November 27, two performances of the production were filmed with nine cameras in high definition, and these performances were scheduled to be released in 2000 theatres on February 13 for the Valentine's Day week in 2014 in the United States. The United Kingdom theatrical release date was April 1.
This production depicts Romeo and his Montague family with white actors, while Juliet and her Capulet family are depicted with black actors. The production was a modernization featuring a Triumph motorcycle and zip-up jackets. The show marked Bloom's Broadway debut, and although Rashad had earned Tony Award nominations for both of her two prior Broadway roles, it was the first professional Shakespeare production for both stars. Therefore, the actors hired Patsy Rodenburg of Guildhall School of Music and Drama as a Shakespearean voice instructor.

The play was met with modest reviews. Broadwayworld.com critic, Michael Dale, viewed the work as "lacking" in many respects. Despite the fact that Director David Leveaux uses a grand entrance for star Bloom on a motorcycle, the show is mostly "stale" according to Terry Teachout of "The Wall Street Journal". "The Hollywood Reporter" David Rooney described the production as "snoozy". Nonetheless the film received a fresh rating from 5 out of 6 reviewers at Rotten Tomatoes.


</doc>
<doc id="42905542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42905542" title="Mall (film)">
Mall (film)

Mall, known in French as Mall: A Day to Kill, is a 2014 American drama film based on a novel of the same name written by Eric Bogosian. It was released on June 18, 2014, in France, on July 16 in Sweden, and on October 17 in North America. The film is directed by Linkin Park turntablist Joe Hahn, with Vincent D'Onofrio serving as executive producer. D'Onofrio has also worked as an actor in the film as Danny. Peter Stormare, Gina Gershon, Mimi Rogers, Brian Rodriguez and Cameron Monaghan also star in the film. The film was produced by Hahn, Vincent D'Onofrio, and Sam Maydew. The film is Hahn's full-length directorial debut and his second directed film after "The Seed", which was a 10-minute short. The story for the film features lives of five disaffected suburbanites come together at a shopping mall.

Mal, an addict, shoots his mother, sets their trailer on fire, and heads to the mall. At the same time, a cop urges philosophical college student Jeff to stop loitering on private property. Jeff and his friend Adelle also go to the mall, as Jeff tells her about his belief that modern society has become soulless and a shallow facsimile of itself. Jeff describes several of the people that they see at the mall and narratives what he imagines their back story to be: Donna, a bored housewife who obsesses over her attractiveness; Barry, a salesman who hates his business but stays in it because he understands it; Michael, a security guard who, after immigrating, becomes a widower and lives only for his job; and Danny, a married businessman who engages in casual sex.

Jeff and Adelle meet up with Beckett and Shel, and Beckett shares ecstasy with Jeff. Beckett attempts to talk Jeff out of his crush on Adelle, to no avail. When Danny is arrested (by the same cop who hassled Jeff) for peeping on Donna who forgets to lock the fitting room door while she changes clothes, Beckett and Shel leave to gawk at the scene. Alone with Adelle, Jeff confesses to her that he has fallen in love with her, but she calls him unexciting and wanders off. Mal arrives at the mall and kills Barry, who is his father, and several cops. Hurt, Jeff stumbles in a drug-addled daze through the mall, not aware of the crowds that have begun to flee. Mal leaves the mall, kills the cops who arrested Danny, and heads to the forest. Michael grabs a spare rifle from Mal's car and follows him.

Beckett, Shel, and Adelle arrive in the parking lot, where they find Danny still handcuffed. As they discuss what to do with him, he begs them to free him so that he can go home. After Beckett and Shel leave to vandalize the mall, Adelle points out that she can do anything she wants to Danny. She moves him to his own car, binds him in place with a seat belt, tightens his handcuffs, and molests him while forcing him to repeat, "I'm a pervert." She leaves once he passes out. Meanwhile, Jeff meets Donna in a bar, and after he tells her that she does not look old enough to have kids, she invites him to a motel room, where they have sex. Unconcerned with what has happened at the mall, Donna merely asks for details so that she can craft a believable cover story.

Jeff wanders back to the mall, where he discovers Beckett and Shell taking pictures of Danny with their cell phones. Jeff chases them away and offers to take Danny to a hospital. Danny requests that he brought back to his home. When Danny asks Jeff if he knows Adelle based on her description, Jeff says that she is not a friend. Satisfied, Danny approaches his house, still handcuffed. As Jeff walks off, he encounters Mal, who ended up wounded after a shootout with Michael. Mal and Jeff talk briefly, and Mal requests that Jeff kill him. Jeff refuses and calls him a coward who is willing to die but not to live. As Jeff runs off, the cops gather for an assault on Mal's location. As Donna returns to her boring life, Jeff quotes "Steppenwolf", saying that one day he will learn to laugh. The film ends as he laughs.

The casting for the film was done by Angela Demo and Barbara J. McCarthy.

Kimberly Kane and Juelz Ventura appear in cameos as pornographic actresses.

The production of the film was handled by various producers. But it was mainly handled by Vincent D'Onofrio. Whereas the others were Erika Hampson and Sam Maydew. The executive producers included Shaked Berenson and Patrick Ewald.

The film was directed by Joe Hahn of American rock band Linkin Park. Other band members, including Chester Bennington, assisted in scoring the film's soundtrack.

Principal Photography took place in the Eastern part of Los Angeles. More information about the location of the set was kept as a secret. A bit of information was given to Linkin Park Underground members who lived in Los Angeles by giving them a chance to meet Joe Hahn. Shooting began in April 2012.

In the tweet-out sessions, Hahn answered a question that, "The movie was shot a year ago, and we're finishing the album right now." In another question, Hahn said that "the movie is coming along well. We finished it, and we are getting ready to put it out, and hopefully you would see it soon." Hahn stated about the comparison between directing a video and a film:

In another interview with "Forbes", Hahn again explains the difference as: 

A trailer was released in the promotion of the film, which was also leaked on the internet at the end of May. But in support of that the film had few teasers which were launched on the Facebook page of the film. All the teasers were available on July 25, 2014. Another list of sneak peeks was released via Facebook and YouTube on October 14.

Another trailer of the film was officially released on the Facebook page of the band, which is a couple of minutes long.

An Art exhibition inspired by the film named as "Beast Astray" was put up on September 25, 2014, at Known Gallery, Los Angeles, for the promotion of the film. The exhibition was put up by the sponsorship and support of Machine Shop, Red Bull, Good Smile company, and various others.

The music for the film was composed by Deadsy drummer Alec Puro and Linkin Park members Chester Bennington, Dave Farrell, Hahn and Mike Shinoda. The soundtrack for "The Seed", the first installment by Hahn featured three songs. One of them was "There They Go" by Fort Minor (originally from his studio debut album, "The Rising Tied") played during the credits, and the other two were untitled and were played during the fight scenes. This would be the sixth soundtrack and the second score by the band, after their soundtracks for the hit music series of the 2007 hit film, "Transformers". The previous soundtrack by the band was the 2011 film . The first score by the band was a collaboration with Steve Jablonsky for the 2009 film . The soundtrack for the film was released under the Warner Bros. and Machine Shop record labels on December 12, 2014.

In a tweet-out session, Joe answered the question about the score: "The movie is done! The score is finished! And we are putting it out to distributors and see who's going to put it out. So it's going to come soon." A song named as "It Goes Through", which Shinoda provides lead vocals on, as he also did for "The Last Line" and "Devil's Drop", for the 2-minute trailer that was released on May 28, 2014, in promotion for "Mall", was featured in the movie trailer, which could be the first single from the soundtrack of the film. The official trailer to "Mall" was launched via Linkin Park's official Facebook page on August 9, 2014.

In October 2013, Joe Hahn had developed a few toys for , and there in an interview, he said that the film would be released in 2014. The film made an exclusive screening at Zachary Levi and The Nerd Machine's 5th annual Nerd HQ event on July 24, 2014, at Petco Park in San Diego immediately after the band's performance at the MTVU Fandom Awards, as well as performing their second hit single "Until It's Gone" from "The Hunting Party". "Mall" had its theatrical premiere in Los Angeles on October 14, 2014, and had a limited released on October 17, 2014. It was released in Canada on October 24 and debuted on iTunes on October 31. It was released on video on demand in November 2014.

Zach Hollwedel of "Under the Radar" rated it 4/10 stars and called it "an angry letter to consumerist America with little redemptive value".




</doc>
<doc id="42905623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42905623" title="Warriors of the Apocalypse (2009 film)">
Warriors of the Apocalypse (2009 film)

Warriors of the Apocalypse is a 2009 science fiction action film directed by Len Kabasinski. It is unrelated to the 1986 film of the same name.

It was renamed "Apocalypse Female Warriors".
After World War III reduces the world to an atomic wasteland, four female wastelanders trek to one of the few remaining cities, fighting off mercenaries, zombies, and other dangers along the way.


</doc>
<doc id="42907878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42907878" title="Spike Island (film)">
Spike Island (film)

Spike Island is a 2012 British comedy film, directed by Mat Whitecross and written by Chris Coghill. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and Vertigo Films and produced by Revolver Entertainment. The film is based on The Stone Roses' seminal gig on Spike Island in Widnes, Cheshire, England, and follows the story of a group of friends who idolize the band and try to get into the gig, but are faced with problems because they do not have a ticket or a way to get there. "Spike Island" was premiered on 11 October 2012 at the BFI London Film Festival and was released on DVD on 21 June 2013.

Set in May 1990, the film follows the exploits of five lads: Gary 'Tits' Titchfield, Darren 'Dodge' Hodge, Chris 'Zippy' Weeks, 'Little Gaz' Gareth Barrett and 'Penfold' Andrew Peach. They are The Stone Roses fans and members of wannabe band Shadowcaster. It starts 60 hours prior to The Stone Roses' legendary gig at Spike Island, Widnes, Cheshire. The group get an idea to give The Stone Roses their cassette tape via Sally, a girl whom both Tits and Dodge show interest in, although Dodge has never spoken to her. They hatch a plan to get tickets to the gig and kick-start their career. Tits' brother 'Ibiza' Steve gets the boys on the guest-list for the gig. But when Tits' dad gets increasingly ill during the 60 hours, he fails to turn up and on the morning of the gig his dad worsens but his dad tells Tits to go to the gig. Penfold's dad burns his top in an effort to stop him from going and when he goes to hit him Penfold stands up to his dad after his dad has been abusing him and heads to the gig. They lure 'Uncle Hairy' out of his van and steal it but when they run out of fuel they have to stop but Penfold convinces them to walk to the M6. They hide in the baggage hold of the bus until they arrive at Spike Island. Once arrived they jump out of their hiding place and are chased by police and the bus driver but lose them in the crowd. They lose Penfold and are unable to find him, so they carry on to the entry zone. But are turned away because they do not have tickets and are not on the guest-list. The remaining four make their way to the outside of the venue. They meet Sally who has lost her friends in the crowd and doesn't want to go in alone and gives Dodge her ticket. Dodge heads for the gig without the cassette tape because he was afraid "to fuck it up". On his way back to the boys, he sees Sally and Tits hooking up. Tits and Dodge later argue but when Tits' dad eventually dies they make up. Meanwhile, Zippy visits the nearby Catalyst Science Discovery Centre (at that point still called The Museum of the Chemical Industry). At the end of the movie it is shown that Tits and Sally are together and all the boys have moved on as school has finished. The ending scene shows Tits looking at Dodge from his window while Dodge walks down the lane with his guitar and bags.


On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 48% based on 25 reviews; the average rating is 4.9/10.



</doc>
<doc id="42908311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42908311" title="Woman in Gold (film)">
Woman in Gold (film)

Woman in Gold is a 2015 biographical drama film directed by Simon Curtis and written by Alexi Kaye Campbell. The film stars Helen Mirren, Ryan Reynolds, Daniel Brühl, Katie Holmes, Tatiana Maslany, Max Irons, Charles Dance, Elizabeth McGovern, and Jonathan Pryce.

The film is based on the true story of Maria Altmann, an elderly Jewish refugee living in Cheviot Hills, Los Angeles, who, together with her young lawyer, Randy Schoenberg, fought the government of Austria for almost a decade to reclaim Gustav Klimt's iconic painting of her aunt, "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I", which was stolen from her relatives by the Nazis in Vienna just prior to World War II. Altmann took her legal battle all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States, which ruled on the case "Republic of Austria v. Altmann" (2004).

The film was screened in the Berlinale Special Galas section of the 65th Berlin International Film Festival on 9 February 2015, and was released in the United Kingdom on 10 April 2015 and in the United States on 1 April.

In a series of flashbacks, Maria Altmann recalls Anschluss, the arrival of Nazi forces in Vienna, the persecution of the Jewish community and the looting and pillaging by the Nazis against Jewish families. Maria Altmann and members of her family attempt to flee to the United States. While Altmann and her husband are successful, she is forced to abandon her parents in Vienna.

In the present, living in Los Angeles, an elderly and widowed Altmann attends the funeral for her sister. She discovers letters in her sister's possession dating to the late 1940s, which reveal an attempt to recover artwork owned by the Bloch-Bauer family that was left behind during the family's flight for freedom and stolen by the Nazis. Of particular note is a painting of Altmann's aunt, Adele Bloch-Bauer, now known in Austria as the "Woman in Gold".

Altmann enlists the help of E. Randol Schoenberg (the son of her close friend, Barbara), a lawyer with little experience, to make a claim to the art restitution board in Austria. Reluctantly returning to her homeland, Altmann discovers that the country's minister and art director are unwilling to part with the painting, which they feel has become part of the national identity. Altmann is told that the painting was legitimately bequeathed to the gallery by her aunt. Upon further investigation by her lawyer and Austrian journalist Hubertus Czernin, this claim proves to be wrong as the alleged will is invalid due to the fact that her aunt did not own the painting, the artist's fee having been paid by Altmann's uncle. Adele Bloch-Bauer wanted the painting to go to the museum at her husband's death but it was taken from him by the Nazis and placed in the museum by a Nazi-collaborating curator, well before his death. Schoenberg files a challenge with the art restitution board but it is denied and Altmann does not have the money needed to challenge the ruling. Defeated, she and Schoenberg return to the United States.

Months later, happening upon an art book with "Woman in Gold" on the cover, Schoenberg has an epiphany. Using a narrow rule of law and precedents in which an art restitution law was retrospectively applied, Schoenberg files a claim in US court against the Austrian government contesting their claim to the painting. An appeal goes to the Supreme Court of the United States, where in the matter of "Republic of Austria v. Altmann", the court rules in Altmann's favor, which results in the Austrian government attempting to persuade Altmann to retain the painting for the gallery, which she refuses. After a falling out over the issue of returning to Austria for a second time to argue the case, Altmann agrees for Schoenberg to go and argue the case in front of an panel of three arbiters in Vienna.

In Austria, the panel hears the case, during which Schoenberg reminds them of the Nazi regime's crimes. He implores the arbitration panel to think of the meaning of the word "restitution" and to look past the artwork hanging in art galleries to see the injustice to the families who once owned such great paintings and were forcibly separated from them by the Nazis. Unexpectedly, Altmann arrives during the session, indicating to Czernin that she came to support her lawyer. After considering both sides of the dispute, the arbitration panel rules in favour of Altmann, returning her paintings. The Austrian government representative makes a last-minute proposal begging Altmann to keep the paintings in the Belvedere against a generous compensation. Altmann refuses and elects to have the painting moved to the United States with her ("They will now travel to America like I once had to as well") and takes up an offer made earlier by Ronald Lauder to acquire them for his New York gallery to display the painting on condition that it be a permanent exhibit.

On 15 May 2014 Tatiana Maslany was cast in a principal role as the younger version of Helen Mirren's character, appearing in the Second World War flashbacks. On 29 May Katie Holmes joined the cast of the film. On 30 May Max Irons, Charles Dance, Elizabeth McGovern, Jonathan Pryce, Moritz Bleibtreu and Antje Traue joined the cast of the film. On 9 July Frances Fisher joined the film to play Reynolds' character's mother.

The reproduction of the key painting, "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I", was painted by scenic artist Steve Mitchell, who spent five weeks making the re-creation. He also made a partly finished version as well as a partial version for a close-up.

Principal photography began on 23 May 2014 and lasted for eight weeks in the United Kingdom, Austria, and the United States. On 9 June Katie Holmes was spotted filming some scenes in London. On 16 June the filming was under way in London. On 1 July Reynolds and Mirren were spotted filming in Vienna, Austria. On 9 July the filming was reportedly under way in Los Angeles.

The Vienna airport scenes were filmed in the UK at Shoreham Airport in West Sussex.

"Woman in Gold" grossed $33.3 million in North America and $28.3 million in other territories for a total gross of $61.6 million, against a budget of $11 million.

In the film's limited release weekend, 3–5 April, it grossed $2.1 million from 258 cinemas. In its wide release weekend, expanding to 1,504 cinemas on 10 April it grossed $5.5 million, finishing 7th at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film had a rating of 57% based on 152 reviews, with an average rating of 6/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Woman in Gold" benefits from its talented leads, but strong work from Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds isn't enough to overpower a disappointingly dull treatment of a fascinating true story." On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 51 out of 100, based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.

Helen Mirren received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.

Altmann's efforts actually addressed five Klimt paintings owned by her family, including "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I" and "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II", as well as three landscapes. The decisions by the US Supreme Court and the Austrian arbitrators covered all five paintings.

Film critics in Austria and Germany noted various deviations of the film from historical reality. Olga Kronsteiner from the Austrian daily "Der Standard" wrote that, it was not Maria Altmann's lawyer, Randol Schönberg, who researched and initiated the restitution case, but Austrian journalist Hubertus Czernin, who had worked on a number of restitution files at the time, who found the decisive documents and subsequently informed Maria Altmann.

Hubertus Czernin, who is depicted in the movie, is suggested to have been motivated by the fact that his father had been a member of the Nazi Party; but Stefan Grissemann from Austrian weekly "Profil" pointed out that his father's party membership was not known to Czernin until 2006, long after he had started to work on this and other restitution cases; and that in addition Czernin's father was imprisoned by the Nazis late in the war for high treason.

Thomas Trenkler from the Viennese daily "Kurier" criticized the film's reference to a time limit for restitution claims in Austria, writing that there has never been such a time limit. He also wrote that his least favorite scene in the film was when Maria Altmann leaves her ailing father in Vienna in 1938. Despite the imminent danger, Maria Altmann stayed in Vienna, having said, "I would never have left my father! He died of natural causes in July 1938". Only then did she and her husband escape from Vienna.

In June 2006, based on an earlier agreement between Altmann and Ronald Lauder (which was shown in the film), Altmann sold "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I" to Lauder's Neue Galerie New York for $135 million ($ million today), setting a new mark for most expensive painting (since surpassed). Five months later, Altmann sold the companion "Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II" at auction (bought by Oprah Winfrey) for almost $88 million ($ million today), then the third-highest priced painting.

Gustav Bloch-Bauer had been loaned the famous "Gore Booth Baron Rothschild" Stradivarius cello (see List of Stradivarius instruments) by the Rothschild family, which was looted by the Nazis in 1938 and retained by the German authorities till 1956.




</doc>
<doc id="42910647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42910647" title="Max (2015 film)">
Max (2015 film)

Max is a 2015 American family adventure drama film directed by Boaz Yakin, and co-written with Sheldon Lettich. The film stars Josh Wiggins, Mia Xitlali, Dejon LaQuake, Thomas Haden Church, Robbie Amell, Lauren Graham, Luke Kleintank, and Jay Hernandez. The film was released by Warner Bros. on June 26, 2015.

Max, a Malinois used to help U.S. Marines in Afghanistan, is handled by Kyle Wincott (Robbie Amell) (Marine MWD). Kyle is questioned when weapons seized by his squad go missing. Realizing his friend Tyler Harne (Luke Kleintank) is among those involved with the shady dealings, he warns Tyler that he cannot cover for him. The two then go into the battlefield with their squad, with Max on point. While advancing on a suicide bomber, Max is injured by an explosion. In the ensuing gunfight, Kyle is shot and killed.

Kyle's brother Justin (Josh Wiggins), who makes money selling illegally copied video games, their mother Pamela (Lauren Graham) and their father Ray (Thomas Haden Church) are informed of his death. After Kyle's body is brought home for burial, the other Marines notice that Max is only calm when he is around Justin, apparently sensing that he is Kyle's brother. The family adopts the dog, who would otherwise be euthanized for his disturbed behavior. Justin initially wants little to do with Max but eventually warms up to him. While meeting up with his friend Chuy (Dejon LaQuake), Justin meets Chuy's cousin Carmen (Mia Xitlali), who offers to go to his house and show him some handling tricks for Max. Little by little, Max's behavior improves around other people.

Tyler visits the Wincott's one evening, provoking an aggressive response by Max. Later, after the Fourth of July, Ray asks Tyler what really happened. Tyler implies that Max turned on Kyle and caused him to discharge his weapon on himself, leading to his death. Justin decides to investigate the matter. He receives a DVD of Kyle training Max; he later contacts a friend of Kyle, Sergeant Reyes, for help 

Later, Justin is approached by Chuy's other cousin Emilio (Joseph Julian Soria), a cartel member, who presses him over a video game bootleg. Afterwards, Justin and Max follow Emilio into the woods, where they secretly observe a meeting between cartel members and Tyler, who tries selling stolen weapons to them. The cartel's dogs sense Max and run after him. Max fights them off, severely wounding one of the dogs, while Justin runs away and leaves his bike behind. When he gets home, he finds Tyler and Stack, the cartel's dog handler, who was injured in the melee. Feigning innocence, they accuse Max of doing harm and demand his euthanization.

Max is taken by animal control officers but escapes. Meanwhile, Ray catches Tyler making a business deal with the cartel but is held hostage by Emilio. Max makes it home and leads Justin, Chuy, and Carmen into the woods to rescue Ray. Confronting the cartel, they incapacitate Emilio and the last cartel dog and rescue Ray. Tyler and Stack chase after Justin and Ray, but Stack is killed after crashing his off-road pickup truck. Tyler corners Justin at a damaged bridge, but is attacked by Max. The two are knocked over the side of the bridge; while Tyler is killed by the fall, Max survives. Afterwards, Emilio is arrested and sent to jail.

The family welcomes Max into their home. After Justin and Max visit Kyle's grave, they invite Chuy and Carmen over for dinner.

The start of the credits shows real photos of war dogs and trainers in many wars. Then it shows a statue of a war dog created by sculptor Susan Bahary.


In May 2014, "Variety" reported that Boaz Yakin would direct the family film titled "Max" for Warner Bros. and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Principal photography began on May 12, 2014.

The film was scheduled for release in the United States on January 30, 2015. Then it was pushed back to August 21, 2015, and on March 3, 2015, it was moved two months forward to June 26, 2015.

In the United States and Canada, "Max" opened simultaneously with the comedy "Ted 2" across 2,850 theaters and was projected to earn around $10 million in its opening weekend. It earned $500,000 from its Thursday night showings and $4.3 million on its opening day (including the Thursday previews). Through its opening weekend, it grossed $12.2 million, fourth place among all films behind "Jurassic World", "Inside Out", and "Ted 2".

"Max" received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 36%, based on 94 reviews, with an average rating of 4.8/10. The site's consensus reads, ""Max" has good intentions and tries to hearken back to classic family-friendly features, but its disjointed, manipulative plot overwhelms the efforts of its talented human and canine stars." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 47 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

In CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend, cinema audiences gave "Max" an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.

A sequel, "", was released theatrically on May 5, 2017. It released digitally on May 9, 2017, and released on Blu-ray and DVD on May 23, 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="42910842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42910842" title="The Longest Ride (film)">
The Longest Ride (film)

The Longest Ride is a 2015 American Neo Western romantic drama film directed by George Tillman Jr. and written by Craig Bolotin. Based on Nicholas Sparks' 2013 novel of the same name, the film stars Scott Eastwood, Britt Robertson, Jack Huston, Oona Chaplin, Alan Alda, Melissa Benoist, Lolita Davidovich, and Gloria Reuben. The film was released on April 10, 2015 by 20th Century Fox.

Luke Collins is a bull rider on the Professional Bull Riders (PBR) tour, who is seriously injured one night while riding a top ranked bull named Rango. A year later after recovering, he starts riding again and meets Sophia Danko after she attends a show. She is an art lover living at a sorority house with an internship secured in New York City. On the way home from their first date, they spot a car crash in the woods and help rescue an older man who is stuck inside. Sophia also pulls a wicker box from the vehicle.

While in the hospital, Sophia visits the 91-year old man she rescued, Ira Levinson. He explains that there are letters in the box, which he wrote as a teenager, and she offers to read them to him. They tell the story of how he met his late wife, Ruth, on April 10, 1940. Their stories start to interweave. Luke finds an old photograph of Ira and Ruth that fell out of the box in his car, and takes it to the hospital. In flashbacks, Ruth tells a young Ira that she wants a big family, and eventually, he proposes to her before leaving to fight in World War II. However, Ira is shot during an attack and is later informed by the doctor that he can no longer have children, news that causes distance between Ruth and him when he returns. They decide to make it work regardless and move in together, decorating the house with many paintings that Ruth and he love more than anything.

Luke continues riding bulls, as Sophia and he fall in love. Ira leaves the hospital and is moved to a nursing home, where Sophia continues to visit. Her boss calls and asks her to attend an art exhibit the following week, to which she invites Luke. While they are there, Luke makes a rude comment to Sophia's boss, which causes an argument between them. They talk about how their worlds are different and Luke does not feel that their romance will work because of it. Sophia goes to Ira for advice, and he tells the story of how he and Ruth made their situation work. He and Ruth wanted a big family, but he was wounded in the war and was unable to have children. Ruth was a schoolteacher who became attached to a young boy named Daniel McDonald. Because Daniel lived with his uncaring half-brother and his wife, Ira and Ruth began taking him in as their own, and Ruth wanted to adopt him, but his relatives wouldn't allow it.

Meanwhile, Luke is injured while riding and is rushed to the hospital. As Sophia is leaving for New York, she gets a call and goes to see him. Luke is advised not to ride again, but refuses to accept that his career is over. Following an argument, Luke and Sophia break up. In flashbacks, Ira and Ruth also break up because she cannot see a life with him without children in their future. However, weeks later, Ruth returns and they confess their love for one another. One morning, now 80 years old, Ira wakes up to find Ruth has died in her sleep. He boxes up all of the paintings they collected together to sell them at an auction. One night, a woman knocks on his door, claiming to be the wife of Daniel McDonald, the child they almost adopted when they were younger, to inform him that Daniel, who later became a professor of physics and astronomy in Britain, has died. She gives him a portrait of Ruth that Daniel had painted and the photograph Daniel had kept of Ira and Ruth (the one Luke found in his car the day of the crash) with a message on the back that reads: "Ruth Levinson, third grade teacher. She told me I could be anything I wanted to be when I grew up". Daniel became a professor of astronomy in memory of his favorite teacher.

Sophia continues her studies at Wake Forest and Luke continues to ride bulls. One day, they are both contacted by Ira's attorney, to inform them that Ira has died and an auction will be held for the paintings in his collection. Luke wins his last ride, finally conquering Rango, and wins the championship bullriding cup, but feels disappointed because Sophia is not there to share it with him. He decides to go to the auction, where he somewhat unexpectedly meets Sophia. 

Luke buys the first painting, Daniel's childhood "Portrait of Ruth". Unlike the other paintings and pieces that are on the scheduled auction list, this first painting is not a professional work and is only in the auction - and listed first - because of Ira's love for her, and his specific instructions that this painting be sold first. Luke makes the only bid, getting it for only $600.00. Most of the other art is assumed to be far more valuable and will probably go for far more money, and as this is the only painting Luke can afford, he bids on it out of his love and affection for both Ira and Sophia, only after no one else bothers to bid on this "amateur" work of art. 

As Luke goes to the back to pay the auctioneer, Sophia and Luke talk and he tells her he will not ride anymore because what he really wants is to be with her for the rest of his life. As they reconcile with a kiss, an uproar breaks out in the auction room. The auctioneer announces that a codicil in Ira's will exists regarding the auction. First ensuring that Luke has paid for the painting of Ruth and checking the receipt, he reads the codicil which simply states, "sharing these paintings was the greatest joy of my life...and the true gift was the journey of love and life we shared together. Portrait of Ruth may not be the most valuable painting in my collection, but it was the most precious to me because it reminded me daily of my beloved Ruth. And so, the terms of my will are simple; whoever purchases her portrait will receive my collection in its entirety." Luke becomes owner of the entire collection, worth almost $200 million. Sophia and he now hold together the trust of love that binds all of Ira's paintings together. 

One year later, Luke and Sophia, now married, have built a museum dedicated to Ira and Ruth and their paintings. Luke takes Sophia to the old college where Ira and Ruth used to spend their wedding anniversary. They sit under the same tree and read Ira's letters together.

In April 2014, Fox 2000 Pictures set a film adaptation to be released on April 10, 2015, with George Tillman Jr. in final talks to direct, Craig Bolotin adapting the screenplay, and Britt Robertson as Sophia Danko, Oona Chaplin as Ruth, Scott Eastwood as Luke Collins, Jack Huston as Young Ira, and Alan Alda as old Ira.

Principal photography began on June 16, 2014, in Wilmington and Winston-Salem, North Carolina. On July 28, filming started in Jacksonville, where a major rodeo scene was shot. The PBR was the technical advisor and producer for all of the bull riding events. PBR bull riders doubled for Scott and appeared in the film. The crew then moved to Winston-Salem at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum.

"The Longest Ride" has grossed $37,446,117 in North America and $25,498,698 in other territories for a worldwide total of $62,944,815.

In its opening weekend, the film grossed $13,019,686, finishing third at the box office behind "Furious 7" ($59,585,930) and "Home" ($18,532,280).

"The Longest Ride" has received negative reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 29%, based on 112 reviews, with an average rating of 4.4/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Longest Ride" is less manipulative than the average Nicholas Sparks film, but it's still saccharine and hopelessly contrived — not that it'll matter to the target audience." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score of 33 out of 100, based on 30 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". It earned an average grade of "A" in CinemaScore poll on an A+ to F scale, marking the first Sparks feature adaptation to earn an A in 11 years since "The Notebook" (2004).

"The Longest Ride" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on July 14, 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="42911875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42911875" title="1 (2013 film)">
1 (2013 film)

1 (also known as 1: Life On The Limit) is a 2013 documentary film directed by Paul Crowder and narrated by Michael Fassbender. The film traces the history of Formula One auto racing from its early years, in which some seasons had multiple fatalities, to the 1994 death of Ayrton Senna, the sport's most recent death at the time of production. Extensive and often rare archival footage is used throughout.

The film opens with the 1996 Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne, where Martin Brundle survived a spectacular crash at turn 3. After receiving clearance from race doctor Sid Watkins, Brundle hopped into a spare car to finish the race. The film then takes a brief look at the early days of Formula One racing in the 1950s, which was essentially a resumption of prewar Grand Prix racing. In 1958, the year world champion Juan Manuel Fangio retired, the FIA announced the Formula One World Constructors' Championship for the makers of the winning car. This led to a wave of British privateer teams, nicknamed ""Garagistas"" by Enzo Ferrari, dominating the Championship. Most notable was Team Lotus, led by Colin Chapman.

In 1966, the FIA doubled the engine size from 1.5 to 3 liters, which saw the cars race markedly faster on tracks and facilities unchanged since before World War II. This resulted in several fatal accidents. The death of Chapman's star driver Jim Clark at the Hockenheimring in a Formula Two race in 1968 was a turning point: several drivers, including Clark's Lotus replacement, Jochen Rindt, and the Grand Prix Drivers' Association (GPDA), began questioning the sport's safety. Rindt himself was killed during practice at the 1970 Italian Grand Prix; he was posthumously awarded the driver's championship that year.

Jackie Stewart, three-time champion and Chairman of the GPDA, used his position to push for improved safety and track facilities, including safety barriers and mandatory seat belts. This caused some opposition with other drivers, most notably Jacky Ickx, Stewart's opponent on the track at the time. Stewart's influence led to boycotts of some races, including the 1971 Belgian Grand Prix. Despite his efforts, drivers continued to be killed, including Stewart's own teammate, François Cevert, at the 1973 United States Grand Prix.

Meanwhile, new drivers and teams made their way into Formula One. Hesketh Racing, led by the extravagant Lord Hesketh, entered Formula One in 1973 with their Formula Two driver James Hunt. Despite their rather blasé appearance, they performed surprisingly well including winning the 1975 Dutch Grand Prix ahead of Ferrari's Niki Lauda. When Hesketh was forced to close at the end of 1975, Hunt went to McLaren, which placed both him and Lauda as favorites to win the 1976 Championship.

In 1978, Bernie Ecclestone, head of the Formula One Constructors Association, hired Professor Sid Watkins as the official Formula One 'race doctor.' Initially distrusted by track officials, Watkins' influence on the sport increased after the death of Ronnie Peterson at the 1978 Italian Grand Prix; at that race, the Italian officials prevented him from treating Peterson at the scene.

Following Peterson's accident, Formula One remained relatively fatality free until the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix, which saw the deaths of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna in separate accidents.

In the aftermath, the FIA President Max Mosley (who drove in the race Jim Clark was killed in, and was head of March Engineering in the 1970s), formed the Advisory Expert Group chaired by Sid Watkins to research and improve safety in motor racing. As a result of the changes implemented by this Group, Formula One did not experience a driver fatality until 2015, when driver Jules Bianchi succumbed to a head injury 9 months after a crash during the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix.


Associate producer, Jonathan Bracey-Gibbon had the idea for creating a "safety documentary" about Formula One and developed the script with Michael Shevloff, though production did not begin until 2008. In addition to narration by Michael Fassbender, the documentary features on-screen interviews with Formula One champions Mario Andretti, Jenson Button, Lewis Hamilton, Damon Hill, Jacky Ickx, Niki Lauda, Nigel Mansell, Michael Schumacher, Jackie Stewart, and Sebastian Vettel. Other interviewees include Bernie Ecclestone, head of the Formula One Constructors Association (FOCA), Max Mosley, legal adviser to FOCA, and Sid Watkins, head of the Formula One on-track medical team. The majority of the interviews were completed in 2010 and 2011.

The documentary premiered on January 10, 2014 at the Empire, Leicester Square in London, United Kingdom. The sport suffered its first fatality in 2015 as a result of a 2014 accident when Jules Bianchi died on July 17, 2015.

"1" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 28, 2014 in the United States and Canada and on March 17 in the United Kingdom. The Australian Blu-ray release and some DVDs are bundled with "Rush".

Mike McCahill of "The Guardian" gave the documentary 4 stars out of 5, stating, "This F1 history finds its narrative impetus in the trade-off between crowd pleasing speed and concern for driver survival". McCahill praised the timing and contextual presentation, and described the film as "surprisingly critical." Mark Kermode of "The Guardian" found "gripping" the mixture of archive footage and modern-day interviews. Daniel Johnson of "The Telegraph" considered the film a "compelling" depiction, noting that Formula One racing went beyond "sport" to "high-stakes theatre" in the fifteen years following 1967, a period in which 19 drivers died. Charlotte O'Sullivan of the "London Evening Standard" described the movie as "pure bliss for Formula 1 fans." The film's star power was highlighted by Ian Freer of "Empire". "The Independent" described the film as "well-researched", but noted its "morbid" and "depressing" elements. Bleacher Report featured columnist Matthew Walthert described the film as an inspiring tragedy told by the living about those who died while quickly driving high-powered and potentially lethal "mobile bombs." The Independent notes the film graphically documents the improvement of safety in the sport.

Fassbender's narration was described as both "sonorous" and "laconic". Ecclestone and Mosley were lauded by reviewers for their "genuine determination" and for their roles as "self-styled guardian angels".

Kermode noted the timing of the film, which opened in the shadow of "Senna" (2010) and "Rush" (2013). The film is praised for complementing them both. "The Independent" described the film as produced alongside "Rush". Walthert claimed the film was a response to "Senna", which "raised the bar for F1 filmmaking" as much as its predecessor. The archival footage is said to be familiar to viewers of those films, but it is said to be "moving" and "smartly marshalled". British "GQ" critic Rebecca Cox described the footage as "100 per cent real and utterly terrifying".



</doc>
<doc id="42915690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42915690" title="Worst Friends (2014 film)">
Worst Friends (2014 film)

Worst Friends is an American comedy film, written, produced and directed by Ralph Arend and starring Richard Tanne, Noah Barrow, Kristen Connolly, and Cody Horn, with Larry Fessenden, Geoffrey Arend, and Kathryn Erbe. It was released on November 4, 2014.

"Worst Friends" has been described as a dark Indie comedy. The film is set in an unnamed New Jersey suburb and focuses around a number of key characters. The film opens explaining the close but troubled friendship of two young boys.

It explores the role of friendships when a traumatic incident takes place and how there can be a fine line between help and dependence. Jake (Richard Tanne) is a young man suffering traumatic injuries after he is hit by a car. He turns to his childhood friend Sam (Noah Barrow) for support and to help him recover.

A physical therapist (Cody Horn) is enlisted and begins to help Sam with Jake's recovery. Sam and Jake's friendship takes a turn for the worse when Sam's childhood sweetheart, Zoe (Kristen Connolly), returns to town. Her presence becomes a true test of Sam and Jake's friendship.


The concept of the plot was taken from Richard Tanne's own experiences in 2010. While recovering from an injury in his home state of New Jersey, Tanne reconnected with filmmakers Ralph Arend and Noah Barrow and the idea generated traction over the coming weeks.

On July 28, 2010, the producers launched a Kickstarter campaign aiming to make $11,000 to fund the film. By August 11, 2010, the campaign had raised over $17,000.

Following the online premiere of the trailer, it was announced by "Deadline" that Level 33 Entertainment would be distributing the film across North America.

The film was then released on November 4, 2014 through video on-demand and DVD.

The film received mainly positive reviews following its launch in 2014.

In its review, "Yes! Weekly" described the film as a “loose, likeable comedy” with a “fun cast.” Actor Larry Fessenden was singled out for “amusingly channeling Jack Nicholson.”

Videoviews.org awarded the film 3 1/2 out of 5 stars and wrote, "Worst Friends is a simple story but the acting and well-written dialogue take it up a notch."

Spectrum Culture reviewed the film in 2014, stating the film covered the harsh realities of some friendships and praised the film’s opening for its effective storytelling, but ultimately only awarded the film 2 out of 5 stars.


</doc>
<doc id="42920458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42920458" title="Beyond Desire">
Beyond Desire

Beyond Desire is a 1995 American action thriller film directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard and starring William Forsythe and Kari Wuhrer. It was released straight-to-video, first in Germany on July 13, 1995, followed by the United States on April 23, 1996.

Ray "Elvis" Patterson (William Forsythe), an ex-con, joins forces with a sexy, high-priced call girl named Rita (Kari Wuhrer) to help clear his name from a murder charge 14 years earlier while a brutal gangster is after him for the location of some stolen money. Ray served 14 years at Nevada State Prison, after being wrongfully convicted of the murder of his girlfriend. 

Now released, Ray sets out to find the true murderer and bring him to justice. Ray and Rita head into Las Vegas together, where Ray believes he will find the answers as to who the killer is. But all is not as it seems as Frank (Leo Rossi), Rita's boss, turns out to be the man Ray seeks. 

Non-stop action and adventure ensue as bullets fly and Ray and Frank go head to head for justice, Rita's heart, and the money that turned up missing from the crime scene 14 years ago.


Production took place in Las Vegas, Nevada. Minor filming locations included the La Concha Motel, the Vacation Village hotel and casino, and the Riviera hotel and casino. Scenes were also filmed at Hoover Dam's power plant.


</doc>
<doc id="42939326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42939326" title="Devil in the Detail (film)">
Devil in the Detail (film)

Devil in the Detail is a 2014 Ghanaian-Nigerian romantic thriller film directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso starring Nse Ikpe Etim and Adjetey Anang.
It premiered at Silverbird Cinemas, Accra, Ghana, on 14 February 2014.
The film tells the story of a happily married couple whose relationship is torn apart by infidelity.

Plot

They have everything in their life, money, fame, happiness, they were a perfect married couple but their craze for sex and having affair with others ruined everything. 



</doc>
<doc id="42940884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42940884" title="Indigenous (film)">
Indigenous (film)

Indigenous is a 2014 American horror film directed by Alastair Orr and written by Max Roberts. It stars Zachary Soetenga, Lindsey McKeon, Sofia Pernas, Pierson Fode, Jamie Anderson, Juanxo Villaverde and Laura Penuela.

Five friends, Scott (Zachary Soetenga) and his girlfriend Steph (Lindsey McKeon), Elena (Sofia Pernas), Trevor (Pierson Fode) and Charlie (Jamie Anderson) meet in Panama for vacation. While partying at night, Trevor meets the natives Carmen (Laura Penuela) and Julio (Juanxo Villaverd). Scott becomes interested in exploring the Darien Gap, despite a number of people believing that a group of teenagers were murdered by El Chupacabra in the area, including Julio who warns the group away from going. However, Carmen tells the group of a beautiful waterfall deep in the jungle and convinces them to hike there.

The following morning, Julio realizes that Carmen has taken the group into the jungle despite his warnings, and sets off to find them. Meanwhile, the group hike far into the jungle to reach the waterfall. After some time, Trevor and Carmen leave the rest of the group to be alone, but begin to hear strange noises in the jungle. While Trevor is investigating, Carmen disappears. They attempt phoning her, but find her phone smashed nearby, before losing service, leaving them stranded in the jungle. As night falls, the group realize that they are being stalked. After catching a glimpse of a wild animal, the group scatter through the jungle in terror, and Charlie is attacked and killed. Elena and Trevor discover the body and run into Scott and Steph. Scott decides to try and reach higher ground in order to get cell-phone service. After leaving the others, Scott records a distress video, hoping it will reach someone who can help. However, he is interrupted by the others screaming and rushes back, only to find a bloodied Trevor, who is quickly dragged away. Scott follows him into a cave where he finds El Chupacabra's lair, then flees and catches up with Steph and Elena.

Trevor awakens in the cave with a broken leg and finds Carmen's mauled body. He attempts to escape from the cave, but is attacked and killed. The following day, Scott's video has been posted on social media and has gone viral, prompting a search and rescue mission by Panama authorities, accompanied by Julio. Having survived the night, Scott, Steph and Elena are once again attacked by El Chupacabra. While running through the jungle, Steph breaks her ankle. Scott stays with Steph while Elena leaves to flag down the attention of an overhead helicopter. However, as the helicopter crew is recording Elena she is attacked by El Chupacabra. Soon afterwards, Scott and Steph are also attacked, but military personnel arrive and shoot El Chupacabra, saving them.


"Indigenous" was shot on location in Panama. Director Orr credited his cast and crew with making the film possible, as they had to carry all of the equipment themselves through the jungle.

"Indigenous" premiered at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival. It later played at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

Mark Adams of Screen Daily wrote that it is "modestly entertaining" and "a well-made B-Movie" despite the familiar plot and one-note acting.



</doc>
<doc id="42941300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42941300" title="Naked Vengeance">
Naked Vengeance

Naked Vengeance is a 1985 exploitation rape-revenge film directed by Cirio Santiago. The film features Deborah Tranelli as its protagonist, actress-turned-vigilante Carla Harris. The film has since received a cult following and is often mentioned in works discussing films of the rape and revenge genre.

Carla Harris is living the American dream. She has a handsome and wealthy husband, Mark. On their way home from a restaurant, they spot a man attacking a woman. Mark tries to help but is killed. The man escapes when the police arrive. Russo, an officer, goes to her house and tells her that there are no witnesses. Russo says that he will contact her if they find anything.

On the way to her parents' house, Carla stops at a gas station where she sees her old boyfriend Burke and one of Burke's friends, Sparky. Later that night, Carla goes to a club and meets her old high school friends, her best friend Estelle and her husband Slob. Carla also meets David but Estelle doesn't like him. After being accosted by Fletch, the local butcher, Carla goes home. While she is changing, she notices Timmy, the gardener spying on her. Later that night, the men break into her house and rape her. When her parents return, Burke grabs Mr. Harris's shotgun and kills them, as well as Timmy.

Meanwhile, in the hospital, Carla wakes up and tells the doctor that she wants revenge. Later that night, she escapes from the hospital. She goes to the closed bar, seduces the bartender and convinces him to pour wine all over his body. She steals his gun, then throws a candle at him, leaving him to burn. The next day, Carla finds Burke in his speedboat. She grabs a knife on the boat and stabs him. She then takes a grapple and throws it through his chest. She ties the other end to his boat and starts the boat, making him drown and then escapes. Carla then sneaks to Sparky's gas station. While Sparky is working on a car, Carla drops the car on him, killing him. Later that night, Carla goes to Arnie's ice company. Carla pushes Arnie in the ice cube maker. A block of ice pushes him in the cube hole, leaving him to die.

Carla goes to the ice truck when Fletch, the gang and some town locals spot her and chase her to her parents' house. Carla blocks the doors and hides in a corner. The men start to burn the house down, but Carla goes into the basement and escapes through a vent. When the Sheriff asks Fletch about the burning, he claims he knew nothing about it. Later that night, Fletch is alone in the butcher shop. Carla arrives and the two fight. Carla finds the shotgun that Fletch used to kill her family and kills him with it.

Two months later, in New York, Carla finds the man who killed her husband. She seduces him, then grabs his gun and shoots him. She then walks away in tears.

The film, a Westbook Brooks production in association with D.S., was directed by Cirio H. Santiago and was shot in New York City and Connecticut. The screenplay was written by Reilly Askew and Anthony Maharaj. While the film has been frequently thought of as an unofficial remake of Meir Zarchi's "I Spit On Your Grave" (1978) since both movies share a similar storyline, this claim has neither been refuted nor acknowledged.

Deborah Tranelli, best known for her longtime role in the soap opera "Dallas", was cast as the lead character and protagonist, actress-turned-vigilante Carla Harris. Not having a stunt double, Tranelli did her own action exploits. The theme song was performed by her as well. Kaz Garas, Rosemarie Gil, Ed Crick, Nick Nicholson and Terrence O'Hara also star in the film, while Carmen Argenziano has a cameo appearance as a detective.

In his short review for the "Sydney Morning Herald", David Frith described the character Harris as "a sort of female Charles Bronson, wreaking bloody revenge on male hoodlums." In analysing the film in his work "Screening the Male: Exploring Masculinities in the Hollywood Cinema", Steve Cohan compares it with "I Spit On Your Grave" and postulates that the film's castration scene is a partial representation of "a male death wish". He adds that "there is no doubt that the audience is intended to enjoy his save punishment". A similar conclusion is made in "Introduction to Film Studies", in which author Jill Nelmes argues that "Species" samples elements from "Naked Vengeance" and "I Spit On Your Grave", whereas Annette Kuhn likens it to "Violated" (1984) and "Shame" (1987).

The magazine "Critical Condition" (which focuses on "obscure & bizarre films on video and DVD") described "Naked Vengeance" as " a perfectly crazy rip-off of "I Spit on Your Grave" (1978), maybe even outdoing it in sheer sleaze factor alone," and judges it to be Santiago's "crowning achievement".
The website "AllMovie" notes that the film "obviously takes its inspiration from "I Spit On Your Grave"", but added that the film "is likely to amuse exploitation fans" due to it going to lengths to be more outrageous than its predecessor and becoming a self-parody by being overt in presentation of the heroine enduring a brutal rape and then having to witness her own parents being killed in front of her resulting in her seeking revenge. The reviewer cautioned viewers and concluded, "The end result is as subtle as a flying mallet and ragged in both the acting and technical departments but Deborah Tranelli delivers a brave, surprisingly strong performance as the beleaguered heroine and the film uses that performance to its benefit by having her in the majority of its scenes. To sum up, "Naked Vengeance" might be derivative schlock but it has a certain crude effectiveness that will appeal to grindhouse fans.

Using a methodology that polls viewers to measure their "satisfaction" with the picture, "HBO's Guide to Movies on Videocassette and Cable TV" gave this film a four-star rating.



</doc>
<doc id="42946166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42946166" title="Rose (2012 film)">
Rose (2012 film)

Rose is a 2012 British thriller film directed by Kemal Yildirim. The film premiered on 15 May 2012 at the London Independent Film Festival and was released on DVD on 20 May 2014 in the United States with other territories to follow. 

The film stars Helen Clifford as Rose, a drug addict and prostitute trying to raise her daughter Ellie, and is based upon Yildirim's 2008 short film by the same name, which screened at Cannes, and resulted in his being encouraged to expand the short into a feature film.




</doc>
<doc id="42947524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42947524" title="The Trouble with the Truth (film)">
The Trouble with the Truth (film)

The Trouble with the Truth is a 2011 American romantic drama film written and directed by Jim Hemphill. Starring John Shea and Lea Thompson as two divorcees meeting after their daughter's (Danielle Harris) engagement, the film follows their conversation over dinner as they reassess their life and relationship. The film has drawn comparison with Richard Linklater's "Before Sunrise" and "Before Sunset", and Louis Malle's "My Dinner with Andre" for its minimalist plot, with Roger Ebert noting that "it is a very small movie with very deep feelings".




</doc>
<doc id="42952248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42952248" title="Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko">
Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko

Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko () is a 1999 Philippine action comedy film directed by Boots Plata and starring Fernando Poe Jr. and Judy Ann Santos. The film, produced and distributed by Star Cinema, premiered in the Philippines on June 9, 1999.

The film earned around on the first day of its release. By the end of its run, the film earned more than to become the first Philippine-produced film to have exceeded the in box office gross. It is also FPJ's first and only film under Star Cinema.

"Badong (FPJ) has been raising up his only child, Joey, ever since his wife died at an early age. Consequently, Joey grows up like her father, a boyish person who acts like a man. Together with Lola Benedicta (Anita Linda), Badong and Joey had been living happily, with the former protecting his child while the latter is helping his father with his auto repair shop. One day, Badong's childhood friend, Beth (Aileen Damiles), visits their location and they became close. However, Joey feels that Beth is trying to replace her late mother and that Beth is destroying her relationship with her father.


The production team started filming during the first week of April 1999. During this time, Poe Jr. revealed that his first project with Santos under Star Cinema was first planned in 1997.

However, the team encountered problems with the production fees. Because of substantial cost-cutting over the years, talent fees of the stars/cast had to be reduced.

The film was Muñoz' first film project in the entertainment industry. He was, at the time, the current "Close-Up Boy" and was part of the eighth batch of ABS-CBN's Star Circle. On the other hand, his co-star, Santos, was thrilled to be her partner since they were former schoolmates in real life at Mt. Carmel High School in Quezon City.

The theme song of the film is entitled ""Awitin Mo At Isasayaw Ko"" (), which was written by Joey De Leon and Vic Sotto of VST & Co., and performed by the stars Fernando Poe Jr. and Judy Ann Santos. It also features Rey Valera's song ""Kung Tayo'y Magkakalayo"" (), performed by Valera himself albeit with modified lyrics by Vehnee Saturno to better reflect the movie's theme of father and daughter relationship. Also used in the film was April Boy Regino's ""Di Ko Kayang Tanggapin"" () performed by Leandro Muñoz.

"Isusumbong Kita Sa Tatay Ko" marked the first Philippine-produced film to have reached and exceeded in box office gross.

Consequently, the film's box office performance earned both Poe Jr. and Santos the titles "Box Office King and Queen" by the Guillermo Mendoza Memorial Scholarship Foundation.

The film received predominantly favorable reviews besides its commercial success. For instance, Sol Jose Vanzi of the "Philippine Headline News Online" noted, "It's a match produced in celluloid heaven, because he [Poe Jr.] is [the] king of Philippine movies while she [Santos] is considered today's drama princess."

A few weeks after its release, the production team was already planning for a possible sequel. The following year, plans for the sequel was brought up by Poe a couple of times. He mentioned that a script was being worked on but he was not satisfied with the results, adding that the draft at the time felt forced. The sequel would have carried the title "Magpaalam Ka Muna sa Tatay Ko" and would have featured a different storyline.

Santos then revealed that the sequel would have reunited her with her ""Gimik"" leading man, Rico Yan. According to Santos, Poe himself wanted Yan to become part of the sequel.

The plans never came to fruition as Yan died in 2002, followed by Poe himself in 2004.



</doc>
<doc id="42952409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42952409" title="All Hallows' Eve (2013 film)">
All Hallows' Eve (2013 film)

All Hallows' Eve is a 2013 American horror anthology film edited, written, and directed by Damien Leone, in his feature film directorial debut. The film is presented as a series of shorts that two children and their babysitter discover on an unmarked videotape on Halloween night, all of which feature a homicidal clown named Art the Clown. The film stars Katie Maguire, Catherine Callahan, Marie Maser, and Kayla Lian, with Mike Giannelli as Art the Clown. It incorporates footage from the 2008 short film "The 9th Circle", as well as the 2011 short film "Terrifier", both of which were also directed by Leone and featured Art the Clown.

"All Hallows' Eve" was released direct-to-video by Image Entertainment on October 29, 2013, and received mixed reviews. The film was followed by a standalone anthology sequel, "All Hallows' Eve 2", in 2015, which features segments by different directors. The character of Art the Clown would later be featured in the 2016 film "Terrifier", also written and directed by Leone.

After a night of trick-or-treating on Halloween, babysitter Sarah is surprised to see that children Tia and Timmy have received an unmarked VHS tape in one of their bags. The children convince Sarah to allow them to watch the tape, which contains three stories, each of which feature a homicidal clown named Art the Clown.

The first segment features a young woman named Casey, who is drugged and kidnapped by Art the Clown while waiting for a train. She awakens to find herself chained in a room with two other women, Kristen and Sara. When Sara is dragged away by her chain, Casey and Kristen decide to follow where their chains lead. Upon reaching the end of the chains, Casey attempts to break the chains with a large rock, but is interrupted by a deformed humanoid who dismembers Kristen with a cleaver. The humanoid unwittingly frees Casey by severing her chains with the cleaver, but she soon finds herself tied down and surrounded by hooded figures. After watching the figures remove a fetus from the womb of a restrained pregnant woman, Casey is raped by Satan. After the segment ends, Sarah sends Tia and Timmy to bed, and decides to continue watching the VHS tape by herself.

The second segment features a woman named Caroline, who has just moved into a new countryside home. At night, a bright object crashes near the house, and a power outage occurs. Caroline finds that her phone and her car are malfunctioning, and suspects that someone other than herself in the house. She suddenly receives a call from her husband John, a painter, but the connection is soon broken. She discovers that she is being stalked by an alien, and after managing to disorient it, she hides in a small room under a staircase. There, her phone rings again, alerting the alien to her location. As she is dragged off by the alien, she pulls a sheet off of one of John's paintings, revealing an image of Art the Clown.

The third and final segment features a costume designer driving down an isolated road. Stopping at a gas station, she finds the attendant furiously kicking out Art, who had apparently smeared feces on the walls of the gas station's bathroom. The attendant fills her tank and hears a noise from inside the gas station while giving the costume designer directions. He goes inside to investigate, and when he doesn't return, the costume designer enters the building and sees Art chopping up the attendant's body with a hacksaw. She flees, and a chase ensues, and Art eventually appears behind her seat in her car and attempts to suffocate her with cellophane. She slams on the brakes and escapes, barricading herself inside a large shed. Art digs his way into the shed, and slashes her with a makeshift whip composed of sharp instruments. She stabs Art in the eye with a scalpel, and in the back with a knife. She escapes again and is picked up by a man who tries to drive her to a nearby police station. Art follows them in a car and shoots the man in the head with a handgun, causing their car to crash into a tree. After some time, the costume designer regains consciousness on a crude operating table, and finds that Art has amputated her arms and legs and carved various obscenities into her body.

Disturbed, Sarah turns off the television. A home phone rings, and when Sarah answers it, she hears the costume designer from the third segment pleading for help. The television turns back on, displaying a dingy room. Art steps into the frame, approaches Sarah from within the screen, and begins to pound on the glass. Sarah then sees herself on the television screen, with Art behind her. She frantically removes the tape from the VCR and smashes it on the floor, destroying it. She then goes to check on Tia and Timmy, only to discover that Art has murdered them.

Leone created the character of Art the Clown, who was first featured in the short film "The 9th Circle", which Leone wrote and directed. The short was filmed on 35 mm in 2006 and premiered at the Backseat Film Festival in 2008. Leone then wrote and directed "Terrifier", another short film featuring Art that was released in 2011. "All Hallows' Eve" producer Jesse Baget viewed the "Terrifier" short on YouTube, prompting to him to consider including it in an anthology film with shorts by other filmmakers. According to Leone, "I wasn't having that, and talked him into letting me shoot everything. He was totally cool with it, and allowed me to write more and use the two shorts I had already made to create a whole, cohesive film." 

"The 9th Circle", with additional footage that was not included in the original short film, serves as the first segment of "All Hallows' Eve", while the "Terrifier" short serves as the film's third segment. In regards to the film's second segment, Leone stated: "A lot of people ask me why we didn't do another Art the Clown story, and I felt if I gave people another 15 or 20 minutes of him killing someone, it would take away from the impact of 'Terrifier.'" He originally intended for the alien in the second segment to be created using puppetry, but due to time and budgetary constraints, the alien was portrayed by actor Brandon deSpain in a costume.

"All Hallows' Eve" was released on DVD and digital by Image Entertainment on October 29, 2013. It was first released on Blu-ray as a double feature with the 2013 film "Mischief Night" on September 9, 2014. Image re-released the film on DVD on September 13, 2016 as a double feature with the 2015 film "All Hallows' Eve 2". "All Hallows' Eve" received a standalone Blu-ray release in August 2019.

"All Hallows' Eve" has received mixed reviews. Rod Lott of the "Oklahoma Gazette" wrote: "what "All Hallows' Eve" lacks in production value, writer/director/editor/makeup artist Damien Leone makes up for in pure passion. One can tell this guy loves the spirit of the season, and it shows in his terror trilogy, which has all the makings of becoming a minor cult hit." A reviewer for "Ain't It Cool News" praised the character of Art the Clown, calling him "somewhat iconic" and "pretty terrifying", but criticized the film's "paper-thin" storyline, writing that "I can only imagine the fear would have been multiplied exponentially had the filmmakers spent as much time on the story as they did with coming up with the creepy as all get-out monster."

Madeleine Koestner of "Fangoria" wrote that the film's first segment "makes absolutely no sense", and went on to call the second segment "inexcusably uninteresting", referring to the third segment as "easily the best of the three." She commended the special effects and character designs, and noted that "there's something legitimately creepy about this movie." Brad McHargue of Dread Central gave the film a score of 3.5 out of 5, writing that Art could "be destined to become a horror icon", and concluding: "Through all of its flaws, [...] "All Hallows' Eve" shows tremendous talent both in front of and behind the camera. [...] while it's not a perfect film, it hints at a promising future for Leone and, if we're lucky, Art the Clown." Adrian Halen of HorrorNews.net called it "easily one of the scariest films I've seen this year", writing that it "tends to transcend its own setting by playing on viewers fears and sense of nightmarish realism."

Tom Becker of DVD Verdict criticized the film's "unimaginative writing, uninspired acting, and tacky effects", and wrote that "It's not a bad film, especially, just not a particularly good or memorable one. [...] Worth a look if your cable is out and you've exhausted Netflix and Redbox." Felix Vasquez Jr. of Cinema Crazed called the film "a pointless exercise in the anthology format with no real stand out stories, or performances in the bunch. Even with Generic the Clown acting as the basic clothesline for all of the tales, Damien Leone’s indie anthology horror film is a very forgettable and dull genre entry."

"All Hallows’ Eve 2" is a standalone anthology film from Ruthless Pictures and producer/director Jesse Baget containing nine story segments, each with a different director. The film was released on VOD and digital on October 6, 2015, and had a DVD release on February 2, 2016.

A spin-off, full-length film featuring "Art the Clown", titled "Terrifier", was released in 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="42953640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42953640" title="Dragstrip Girl (1994 film)">
Dragstrip Girl (1994 film)

Dragstrip Girl is a 1994 American drama film directed by Mary Lambert.

"Dragstrip Girl" originally aired on the cable television network Showtime on September 2, 1994 as part of the anthology series, "Rebel Highway". As with other films in the series its name is taken from a 1950s B-movie ("Dragstrip Girl") but its plot bears no resemblance to that film.

Johnny is a bad guy trying to go straight. He becomes smitten with Laura, a wealthy good girl rebelling against her parents by pretending to go steady with him. This film is set against the backdrop of 1950s Los Angeles.


In a review for "The A.V. Club", reviewer Nathan Rabin wrote that "the film has dreamy, ethereal atmosphere to spare, but Lambert and screenwriter Jerome Gary fail to fill their evocative '50s dreamscape with sympathetic or interesting characters."


</doc>
<doc id="42953757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42953757" title="Reform School Girl (1994 film)">
Reform School Girl (1994 film)

Reform School Girl is a 1994 American drama film directed by Jonathan Kaplan.

"Reform School Girl" originally aired on the cable television network Showtime on September 23, 1994, as part of the anthology series "Rebel Highway". It is a remake of the 1957 B-movie "Reform School Girl".

Donna seeks to escape her life of avoiding the advances of her legal guardian, her lecherous uncle, and takes a ride in a stolen car with bad boy Vince, who gets them involved in a hit-and-run accident. Unable to escape, she is sent to McCarthy Reform School for Wayward Girls to take the fall for Vince because she does not know his last name and cannot identify him, but she is most upset that her uncle will now turn his attention toward her younger sister Cathy.

Donna is befriended by a kleptomaniac nicknamed "Dink" on the way to the reform school and once there she meets the other girls. She resists the advances of the school psychologist, who accuses her of throwing herself at him in order to get her sent to solitary confinement. During an exercise break, her speed is noticed by Coach Buxbaum and reported to Headmistress Turnbull, an Olympic medal-winner who offers Donna early release if she wins a track competition at Velmont Academy, a girls' prep school in Hillsdale. Turnbull gives a silver medallion to Priscilla for running, but when Priscilla finds that Dink has stolen it she fights her and Dink injures Priscilla's knee. Dink is sent away and Priscilla is left unable to compete. Donna becomes intimate with Carmen Peña, who is the fastest girl at the reform school but refuses to compete for Headmistress Turnbull because she does not want to owe her anything.

Vince befriends Cathy, then visits Donna in prison and explains that he was arrested for grand theft auto and the police are trying to connect him to the hit-and-run incident. He warns Donna that he will hurt her sister if she talks to the police about him. After seeing how upset Donna is after a visit from her uncle and sister, Turnbull knows that Donna wants to call her sister but revokes her phone privileges to motivate her to compete, so Carmen calls Cathy and tells her about money hidden behind Donna's mirror. When Cathy finds the money, her uncle tries to take it from her but Cathy sprays him in the eyes with perfume and escapes with the money to take a bus to Kansas.

Priscilla reports Donna and Carmen's lovemaking to Turnbull but only Carmen is punished so that Donna can still compete in Kansas. At the competition, Donna wins a race while Velmont student Jody Beaumont wins the hurdles event and breaks the record in the long jump. The final event is the 4 × 440 yards relay, where Donna and Jody are put in the final slot against one another. They shake hands, receive the batons, and Donna overtakes Jody. Just before the finish line she remembers what Carmen said and how Dink was sent away. Instead of crossing the finish line, she stops and gives the finger to Turnbull. Jody comes from behind and wins. Back at the reform school she receives a letter from her sister that she is safe in Kansas.


</doc>
<doc id="42954726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42954726" title="The Vanishing Act">
The Vanishing Act

The Vanishing Act: The Untold Story of the Missing Malaysian Plane is an upcoming English-language feature film from India inspired by the events surrounding the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. To be directed by Rupesh Paul, "The Vanishing Act" is currently under production. The new storyline of the film makes it an Action-Psychological-Thriller, focusing on the unintended actions of a young software developer.

The expected shooting duration is about 35 days in India, and 15 days in Los Angeles/Malaysia.
With The Vanishing Act, Rupesh Paul wants to explore the new galore of technologies and their effect on the human brain, which have not been explored before.
The film's trailer was shown at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival to seek co-producers for the film. The film reportedly has received offers for co-production from China and Malaysia. When asked, the director said he had rushed the teaser for the sake of Cannes, and afterwards issued an unconditional apology for the fictional love-triangle portrayed in the teaser, and the press was told that he wished a film to be released by September. The trailer was shot at Mumbai in six days. A completed film is expected for as early as an August release.

The Official Logo of the feature film was released at the AFM 2014 recently by Rupesh Paul.

"The Vanishing Act" is an in-flight story of an unknown psychological ailment that comes up as a challenge for the onboard passengers. It spins the story of a young software developer, Dylan, whose discovered creation spills blood over his dream of being famous.
The storyline is being kept confidential so far, and will only be revealed in its pre-premiere period.

A teaser of the film was released at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, and received an adverse reaction from social and mainstream media.
The film has been heavily criticised for not being considerate towards the families of the individuals onboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. The film has received heavy criticism especially over its timing, its thriller genre, its romantic subplots, the terrorist undertones and its title.
After receiving much criticism on the story of the film, the producers courageously decided to go ahead with the project. RPPL wants to announce the premiere for the film at the Marche du Festival segment of Cannes International Film Festival 2015.
They have now come up with an altogether different storyline, which can be defined as a psychological-thriller. "We respect the sentiments of all those who experienced loss due to the tragedy, and the intention was never to benefit out of it. I’m a filmmaker and I would like to loosely base the film on one of the most baffling mysteries which has remained unanswered." says Mr. Rupesh Paul.



</doc>
<doc id="42955918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42955918" title="Thicker than Water (1993 film)">
Thicker than Water (1993 film)

Thicker than Water is a 1993 Welsh thriller television film directed by Marc Evans and starring Theresa Russell, Jonathan Pryce, Robert Pugh and Catherine Neilson. It is based on the novel of the same name by Dylan Jones, about a Welsh doctor who attempts to put his life together after the death of his pregnant wife.

Debbie and Jo (both portrayed by Theresa Russell) are identical twins. Jo is killed in a car accident, and her husband, Cardiff physician Sam Crawford (Jonathan Pryce) is grieving for her. Despite this, Debbie starts to act increasingly like Jo for Sam to overcome his grief. Sam meets with, and is drawn to, Chloe (Catherine Neilson), his wife's former colleague. Meanwhile Debbie, whose fertility problems seems exacerbated by a post-viral weakness, insists that she still feels Jo's presence. Mysterious circumstances lead Sam to suspect that Jo's death wasn't an accident at all.




</doc>
<doc id="42958248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42958248" title="East Is West (1922 film)">
East Is West (1922 film)

East Is West is an extant 1922 American silent drama film directed by Sidney Franklin and starring Constance Talmadge. The film is based on a 1918 Broadway stage play starring Fay Bainter as Ming Toy. It was remade as a talkie at Universal in 1930 with Lupe Velez. A copy of the film is held at the EYE Film Institute Netherlands, formerly Filmmuseum Nederlands.




</doc>
<doc id="42964605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42964605" title="Potomanto">
Potomanto

Potomanto (derived from the French word "portmanteau") is a 2013 Ghanaian-Nigerian action thriller film directed by Shirley Frimpong-Manso. It stars Olu Jacobs, Yvonne Okoro and Adjetey Anang. It premiered at Silverbird Cinemas, Accra, Ghana, on 20 December 2013.

An angry ex-police officer, Andane, whose work is to investigate and catch unfaithful partners takes a different turn when he is hired to investigate the wife of a wealthy businessman. He stumbles on a ring of organ harvesters and traffickers who lure young men with a promise to take them abroad. The fiancé of the wealthy man is an undercover agent also undertaking an investigation to nab the organ traffickers. They join force in an attempt to stop the canker that has taken the lives of many of the youth in the community.







Nollywood Reinvented gave the film a 55% rating and praised its storyline and directing. Ghanafilmindustry.com followed with 4 out of 10 stars and concluded that the film was a cheap attempt towards greatness.


</doc>
<doc id="42965694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42965694" title="Mercenaries (2014 film)">
Mercenaries (2014 film)

Mercenaries (also called Prison Raid) is a 2014 action film starring Kristanna Loken, Brigitte Nielsen, Vivica A. Fox, Cynthia Rothrock, Zoë Bell, and Nicole Bilderback. In the tradition of The Asylum's film catalog, "Mercenaries" is a mockbuster of "The Expendables 3". The film was directed by Christopher Ray, the son of Fred Olen Ray.

During a visit to Kazakhstan the daughter of the U.S. President is captured by a female warlord (Ulrika) and held for ransom. The CIA tasks agent Kendall to create a team to rescue the first daughter from Ulrika's base, a former Soviet prison nicknamed "The Citadel". The team Kendall puts together were all serving time in U.S. prisons, but are offered full pardons for taking part in the operation.

With the help of a local girl, the four-woman team gain access to The Citadel, but just as they are about to escape after rescuing the first daughter, one of their number turns against them.

Cynthia Rothrock recalled in an interview that she was originally to have played the Brigitte Nielsen role, but another appointment led her to miss the start of filming. The role she was later offered was to have been originally played by Rebecca DeMornay

"Mercenaries" received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics, with its dialogue and production values being criticized the most.



</doc>
<doc id="42966753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42966753" title="Twin Faces">
Twin Faces

Twin Faces, also known as Press Button B, is a 1937 British crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Anthony Ireland, Francesca Bahrle and Frank Birch. The film was made at Highbury Studios as a quota quickie for release by the Hollywood studio Paramount Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="42966836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42966836" title="Two on a Doorstep">
Two on a Doorstep

Two on a Doorstep is a 1936 British comedy film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Kay Hammond, Harold French and Anthony Hankey. The film was made at the Elstree Studios complex. It was made as a quota quickie for release by the American company Paramount Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="42968379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42968379" title="After Many Years (1930 film)">
After Many Years (1930 film)

After Many Years is a 1930 British crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Henry Thompson, Nancy Kenyon and the Savoy Havana Band. It was made as a quota quickie for released by the Hollywood studio MGM. In the film, a murdered policeman's son tracks down the murderer in Peru.



</doc>
<doc id="42968416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42968416" title="Romance in Rhythm">
Romance in Rhythm

Romance in Rhythm is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Phyllis Clare and David Hutcheson, David Burns. It was made at Cricklewood Studios. The screenplay concerns a songwriter who is accused of murdering a nightclub manager.




</doc>
<doc id="42968510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42968510" title="The Bank Messenger Mystery">
The Bank Messenger Mystery

The Bank Messenger Mystery is a 1936 British crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring George Mozart, Francesca Bahrle and Paul Neville. The film was an early production of Hammer Films. The screenplay concerns a bank cashier who believes he has been wrongly fired and teams up with some criminals to rob the bank.




</doc>
<doc id="42968541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42968541" title="Strange Cargo (1936 film)">
Strange Cargo (1936 film)

Strange Cargo is a 1936 British crime film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Kathleen Kelly, George Mozart and Moore Marriott. The film is notable for an early performance by George Sanders who went on to success in Hollywood. It was made at Elstree Studios for release by Paramount Pictures. It is also known by the alternative title Breakers Ahead. Criminal gun runners smuggle illegal arms onto a British ship at a South American port. (The film shares a title—but nothing else—with the 1940 Clark Gable/Joan Crawford drama Strange Cargo.)




</doc>
<doc id="42968648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42968648" title="Her Sister's Secret">
Her Sister's Secret

Her Sister's Secret is a 1946 drama film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Nancy Coleman, Margaret Lindsay, Phillip Reed, and Regis Toomey. It centers around a woman who falls in love with a soldier. Believing she has been abandoned, she gives her baby to her married sister. The picture was produced and distributed by Producers Releasing Corporation. The screenplay was by Anne Green from the novel "Dark Angel" by Gina Kaus.

During World War II, Toni Dubois meets soldier Dick Connolly at Pepe's. They have breakfast there the following day, and Dick proposes to Toni, who decides to wait until six weeks have passed before meeting again to see if they truly love each other. However, during the six weeks pause, Dick's leave gets canceled, and Toni believes she was a one night stand because the letter he wrote to her explaining his leave situation becomes lost. Toni decides to visit her sister Renee, who is married to Bill Gordon. When Bill is shipped overseas, Toni reveals she is pregnant from her one night with Dick. As Renee and Bill are unable to have their own child, Renee asks if she can have the baby and tell Bill it is hers. Toni gives birth to a boy, who Renee names Billy. Renee takes the child and Toni agrees not to see little Billy for another three years.

Two years later, Toni stays home with her ill father, Mr. Dubois. Mr. Dubois tells her to not stay home when he dies. When he passes, Toni leaves and heads to Renee's, where she learns from housemaid Etta that Bill and Renee have gone out of town for a while. Toni attempts to take Billy away but Etta stops her. When Bill and Renee return home, Etta tells them of what happened. Meanwhile, Dick is discharged from the army, and he comes to Renee's house looking for Toni. After he leaves, Renee tells Toni that Dick was at her house. Toni insists upon taking Billy back, but Renee refuses, stating that Billy has become her son after two years. Toni tries to take Billy away again, but Billy runs away from Toni in fear, causing Toni to accept that Bill and Renee will raise Billy. Bill reveals that he knew the truth about Billy's birth, and thanks Toni for allowing them to raise him.

Directed by Edgar G. Ulmer, "Her Sister's Secret" was produced by Henry Brash and written by Anne Green. It is based on the novel "Dark Angel" by Gina Kaus. Working titles for the film were "Between Two Sisters" and "Once and For All".

The film was produced by Producers Releasing Corporation. They increased their usual film budget for "Her Sister's Secret", referring to it as their "first million-dollar production" in advertising.

Producers Releasing Corporation released the film in September 1946.

"The New York Times" wrote of the film, "In fashioning "Her Sister's Secret" as their first million-dollar production, the film makers at PRC may have been imbued with the theory that soap operas not only affect a lot of people but also sell soap and make money. For the romantic drama, which came to the Gotham yesterday, follows the pattern set by many of those lachrymose radio offerings" and said that "The sets of "Her Sister's Secret" are neat and interesting, attributes, which, sadly enough, can hardly be applied to its story." A reviewer for the Northwest Chicago Film Society opined the film was "a superb melodrama" and that "you won’t soon forget "Her Sister’s Secret"."

Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" remarked that "the actors are hardly charismatic, but Ulmer, capturing their frozen energy in the shifting perspective of daringly long takes, infuses them with his rhapsodically compassionate vision." Brody also wrote that "Edgar G. Ulmer cuts loose with a wild creativity that yoked his theatrical imagination to a keen view of the traumatic times," and that Ulmer "wrings the last drop of true emotion from every soap-operatic twist, while also baring the domestic scars of war’s violence, sacrifice, and, above all, silence." Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half stars, saying that it was a "fair weeper with competent cast."

In 1947, the film was banned in Ireland by Richard Hayes for featuring an unwed mother, a decision which was eventually reversed by the Appeal Board. This reversal was described by Irish film historian Kevin Rockett as "an indication of the slightly more flexible approached being adopted in the post-war years by the Appeal Board."

The film was restored by the UCLA Film & Television Archive, with funding provided by The Film Foundation and The Franco-American Cultural Fund. A fine-grain was recently struck from the original nitrate negative, from which a new negative and superb new print were produced. Among other earlier exhibitions, the new print was exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City in November 2014.




</doc>
<doc id="42969436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42969436" title="Suspected Person">
Suspected Person

Suspected Person is a 1942 British drama film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Clifford Evans, Patricia Roc and David Farrar. The film was made at Welwyn Studios by Associated British, one of the two leading British studios of the era. It was released in the United States in 1944 by Producers Releasing Corporation. 

A British associate of some American gangsters double-crosses them following a bank robbery and escapes with the loot. He heads to London where his sister keeps a boarding house. She is unaware of his criminal career, but becomes suspicious when both Scotland Yard and his former associates both turn up on his trail.




</doc>
<doc id="42970195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42970195" title="The Pistol: The Birth of a Legend">
The Pistol: The Birth of a Legend

The Pistol: The Birth of a Legend is a 1991 biographical sports film about the 1959 8th grade basketball season of Pete Maravich and his father Press Maravich. The film, which presents his early beginnings and the origin of the "Pistol" nickname, is set in Clemson, SC, where the elder Maravich served as head coach for Clemson Tigers men's basketball. The film is regarded as a family film that is listed by several Christian book and film clubs. The film was originally released on January 17, 1991 in theatres, on November 8, 2005 on DVD, and on November 11, 2013 on Blu-ray. The film was produced soon after Pete Maravich's 1988 death.

The film shows Maravich's efforts to make the D. W. Daniel High School varsity team as an eighth grader as he deals with racially charged issues in the deep south of the 1950s. Press Maravich serves as his son's drill sergeant, motivator, coach and cheerleader.

Set in 1959 Clemson, SC, the film begins with Pete Maravich shooting in the back yard as his father, Press, impresses the importance of focusing on a goal with dedication and diligence. In addition to motivational talks, Press gave Pete a range of drills and technique advice. At school, Pete perceives himself as an outcast even on the basketball team, where at one point he was benched for ten games. Pete believed in himself and his father stood behind him. Pete begins dribbling the basketball regularly and in strange situations such as during his bike rides while he keeps it with him around the clock. Pete's coach looks down on Pete's fancy basketball skills as the kind of thing that the Blacks from the bad part of town do. Eventually, when Pete is given the chance, he wins the game. Because he shot the basketball from the hip, he earned the nickname "Pistol Pete". Even after winning the state championship, Press convinced the coach and team that they can't really be champions without beating the all black Cleveland High School in an unofficial contest. Press concluded the film with the advice to "give the fans a show they'll never forget, and they'll come back again and again."


"The Pistol: The Birth of a Legend" was produced soon after Pete Maravich's January 5, 1988 death when producers decided to capture the story of his legend. It was a low budget movie.

In 2014, "Complex" named it the 19th best basketball movie of all time. Hal Erickson of AllMovie said that "The film is for the most part an exercise in joie de vivre" and he lauded the film for making the most of a small budget. Using words like "uplifting" and "heartwarming", CD Universe says the film depicts the devotion of a father to his son and of a boy to the game of basketball. Ted Baehr's Movieguide depicts Maravich as a misfit at school, while his father attempts to give him dreams at home. Movieguide describes the film as subtle with emphasis on the value of sharing of special moments in life.



</doc>
<doc id="42971905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42971905" title="Alina, the Turkish Assassin">
Alina, the Turkish Assassin

Alina, the Turkish Assassin is a 2012 action film written by Seda Eğridere and directed by Vladimir Jedlicka. The consulting producer for the film was the famous American director Bobby Roth. It stars Seda Eğridere and Tamer Karadağlı.

"Alina" tells story of Melisa Eryılmaz, a double agent named Alina, and her fight to discover the truth about her family and her real identity. Alina was adopted by the Turkish secret service agent Fırat Yılmaz at the age of 3 and was raised under the name Melisa Eryilmaz. Melisa learned Russian, Bulgarian, German, Arabic and English as a result of the trips she took as a kid with Firat Yilmaz and eventually started to work with intelligence agencies such as MI-6, CSR, CESIS, BND, SGDN and SAVAK. What she would discover on one assignment would shatter everything she knows about her life and would set her on a dangerous mission to discover the truth behind her real identity.


Production began early 2010 and after a long search, Seda Eğridere was cast as the title character Alina in the feature film. Consulting director/producer for the film was the acclaimed American director Bobby Roth. Upon being cast as the titular character, Eğridere persuaded director Bobby Roth to shoot parts of the film in her home country. In an interview with one of the top newspapers in Turkey, Hurriyet, Bobby Roth praised Eğridere's acting performance and work discipline and noted that "I accepted the project and agreed to shoot in Turkey only because I trusted Seda." The casting process for the male lead actor was diligent and producers had difficulty finding a Turkish actor who spoke good English but finally, in 2012, Tamer Karadağlı was cast from a large pool of acclaimed Turkish celebrities to play the male lead opposite Eğridere. For the movie, Egridere was required to speak Russian, Spanish and Arabic, undergo extensive martial arts training and learn to ride a motorcycle to play the title role of Alina. She was celebrated for her physical performance and the sex scenes with Tamer Karadağlı generated a lot of buzz around the film.


</doc>
<doc id="42980496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42980496" title="Paano Ang Puso Ko?">
Paano Ang Puso Ko?

Paano Ang Puso Ko? () is a 1997 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Rory B. Quintos and starring Judy Ann Santos, Wowie De Guzman, and Rico Yan. The film, produced and distributed by Star Cinema, premiered in the Philippines on February 12, 1997.

Ruben (Wowie De Guzman) and Cecile (Judy Ann Santos) are childhood friends. One day, Ruben's cousin Jason (Rico Yan), returns from the United States. He meets Cecile, and despite their different backgrounds, the two fall in love. Only then does Ruben realize that he too is in love with Cecile. However, Jason has a secret that may destroy his relationship with Cecile and Ruben.

As time passes, Jason admits his love for Cecile and the two become a couple. However, Ruben also plans to state his love for Cecile, and brings her a flower as a statement of his love. Cecile says that she is in a relationship with Jason, and Ruben is disappointed; the two cousins have a fight.

Cecile's father does not like Jason, and thus physically attacks him. Jason is traumatized and falls ill, then secretly leaves the Philippines, knowing that he can die of his illness at any moment. Months later, Jason returns, only to die shortly afterwards. After Jason's death, Ruben and Cecile becomes a couple.


Filming took place primarily within the province of Batangas in the Philippines. In specific, they captured the countryside in Laurel and Tanauan provinces. The team had to show farmlands and people plowing on the field where the characters Cecille and Ruben were born. The production crew also filmed at the Enchanted Kingdom amusement park in Sta. Rosa, Laguna, where the characters Cecille and Jason visit and date in the film.

The film's titular theme song "Paano Ang Puso Ko" was penned by Roberto Rigor and performed by April Boy Regino. The song was adapted from Chuck Willis' "What Am I Living For", composed by Fred Jay and Art Harris.

Before the film's release, the pairing of Santos and de Guzman was proven to be successful for audiences. "Paano Ang Puso Ko?" marked the sixth time (including minor roles) they had partnered in a film after the success of their first team-up in ABS-CBN's longest soap opera "Mara Clara", which ended on February 14 (Valentine's Day, two days after the movie was released) and later the premiering of "Esperanza" on February 17 the following week. In addition, de Guzman was already popular during that time as a performer of Universal Motion Dancers (UMD), a dancing group in the Philippines. It also marks Yan's first film role with Santos after working together in the teen drama series "Gimik". Nevertheless, their combination was also popular during that time. The film was a box-office success.

Aside from its commercial success, the film received favorable reviews. Leah Castaneda of the "Manila Standard" newspaper noted:

I like Judy Ann when she was still in her Wowie de Guzman/Rico Yan phase. I watched her movies and thought, 'Now, here's a good actress'. Her being natural and effortless impressed me. She was convincing in her roles as an unassuming "probinsyana" gifted with a golden heart and impeccable comedic timing. I enjoyed how she seemed to forever irritate Wowie and how she managed to capture Rico's heart, if only on the silver screen...


</doc>
<doc id="42980668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42980668" title="Junkhearts">
Junkhearts

Junkhearts is 2011 British drama film directed by Tinge Krishnan. It won the Golden St. George at the 34th Moscow International Film Festival.




</doc>
<doc id="42986922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42986922" title="Lazer Team">
Lazer Team

Lazer Team is a 2015 American science fiction action comedy film directed, produced, and co-written by Matt Hullum. The first feature film produced by Rooster Teeth, it stars Burnie Burns, Gavin Free, Michael Jones, Colton Dunn, Allie DeBerry, and Alan Ritchson. The film follows the Lazer Team, a group of four who find themselves responsible for the fate of the planet upon discovering an alien crash site containing a battle suit.

The film was produced by Hullum, Burns, and Doreen Copeland. Burns and Hullum also co-wrote the script, alongside Rooster Teeth employees Chris Demarais and Josh Flanagan. Funding for "Lazer Team" was largely raised through a successful Indiegogo campaign, raising over $2.4 million in a month. Filming began in October 2014, with principal photography taking place in Austin and New Mexico.

"Lazer Team" premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 24, 2015. Through Amplify and Tugg, the film was theatrically released on January 27, 2016 as a cinema-in-demand model. The film was also released onto YouTube Premium the same day, as well as being added to Rooster Teeth's "FIRST" streaming service on November 3, 2017. "Lazer Team" received mixed reviews and grossed $1.6 million on a $2.4 million budget. A sequel, "Lazer Team 2", was released on November 13, 2017.

In 1977, the government has secretly decoded a transmission, sent by the alien Antareans, which warns of a deadly race known as the Worg, coming to destroy Earth. To help defend Earth, the Antareans have sent a powerful battle suit for the "Champion of Earth" to wear. The government begins training a boy named Adam from birth to be the Champion. Thirty-eight years later, Officer Anthony Hagan arrests Zach Spencer for causing trouble at a party and begins to drives him away, only to find Woody Johnson and Herman Mendoza shooting unauthorized fireworks. Herman defiantly launches a massive rocket which strikes an incoming UFO and causes it to crash nearby.

The UFO opens to reveal the battle suit, and the four men each take a piece of it. The suit activates when all four pieces are worn, and each piece becomes irreversibly and genetically locked to its wearer. They discover Zach's arm-cannon can shoot energy projectiles, Hagan's gauntlet can create an energy field, Woody's helmet increases his intelligence over time, and Herman's boots can make him run at superhuman speeds. The military shows up and apprehends the group. Angry that their preparations have been jeopardized and that Zach has posted a selfie with the suit (calling the four "Lazer Team"), Colonel Emory gives Adam orders to train them in only four days, after which time the Worg are scheduled to arrive. Meanwhile, a group of soldiers are possessed by small robotic insects sent by the Worg, and begin to hunt down Lazer Team and possess Mindy, Hagan's daughter.

The officers in charge decide to try and amputate the suit from the team, but when brought to the hospital, they escape using the suit's abilities. They are intercepted by Adam, but they work together to create a strong energy shield and knock him unconscious. After escaping, they hide out in Hagan's ex-wife's cabin. Zach calls the Worg-controlled Mindy on Skype and gives her his location. She arrives and attacks the group, but they subdue her and Woody communicates with the Worg through the device on the back of her neck. Before they can finish negotiating, Zach rips the device off and it self-destructs, destroying the cabin. They are then pursued by the possessed soldiers, but escape.

The team goes on their way to Zach and Mindy's high school, where they find that an Antarean ship has arrived and is over the town's football field, creating a giant forcefield around it. The Worg transmit a message, calling the Champions of Earth to battle. Lazer Team is once again ambushed by the possessed soldiers, but they use teamwork to kill all four of them. With the pressure of saving the planet weighing down on them, they decide to hide except for Hagan, who turns himself in to the military. However, now seeing the full potential in the team, Adam frees Hagan and they sneak to the stadium where a crowd has formed around the UFO. They find the rest of the team there and regroup, hijacking a police car and ramming it into the forcefield to successfully reach the football field.

The Worg warrior arrives in an identical suit of armor. Woody intercepts a transmission from the ship, revealing that rather than a war they are part of an elimination tournament where the Antareans destroy the losers' planets until one remains. Lazer Team proves unsuccessful at defeating the Worg by themselves, so Adam begins a distraction using riot gear from the police car. Adam is killed by the Worg with a dark matter beam, indirectly teaching the team how to achieve this with the suit. Lazer Team and the Worg fire dark matter beams into each other, creating a vortex. The four separated suit pieces malfunction and Lazer Team is blown clear of the forcefield, but the Worg and the Antarean ship are consumed. The team is greeted by a huge crowd outside. Emory arrives and states that the war isn't over, and that Lazer Team is going into space.

The film also contains cameos from many other actors, most of them employees at Rooster Teeth. These cameos include Barbara Dunkelman, Lindsay Jones, Arryn Zech, Kara Eberle, Jon Risinger, Josh Flanagan, Matt Hullum, Gus Sorola, Shannon McCormick, Blaine Gibson, Brandon Farmahini, Joel Heyman, Yomary Cruz, Kerry Shawcross, Adam Ellis, Trevor Collins and Miles Luna. Country musician Dale Watson, film critic and Space Jam animator Korey Coleman, astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson, YouTuber Justine Ezarik, improvisational comedian Tom Booker, and Barenaked Ladies lead singer Ed Robertson also have cameos in the film.

The concept for Rooster Teeth's first live action feature was in development as early as 2010. It was first announced at Halo Fest during PAX Prime 2011. Burns stated they were drawing inspirations from, "a lot of the sci-fi classics that we've grown up with," but were, "not making a parody and we're not making a send-up – we're making our own movie." Influences on the script included "team movies" such as "The Mighty Ducks" and "Cool Runnings". According to co-writers Chris Demarais and Josh Flanagan, the third act was completely restructured by them a week before shooting began.
While writing the story, Burns did not imagine himself playing Hagan, saying "I tend to be a bigger, loud-mouthed, talk-fast kind of guy ... I had to essentially take it down a notch to play him."

In February 2014, Burns confirmed the company was going to launch a crowdfunding campaign for the film as a way to offer more support options while gaining publicity. Freddie Wong was a consultant in shaping their campaign. The Indiegogo page for the film launched in June 2014. The fundraiser reached its $650,000 goal in under 10 hours and broke Indiegogo's record for the fastest film campaign to reach $700,000. Within three days, "Lazer Team" broke $1 million. "Lazer Team" holds the record for the highest funded film campaign on Indiegogo with over $2.4 million collected. On the final day of the campaign, Rooster Teeth released a special perk for a single fan to be cast in a walk-on role; within 20 seconds of the perk going live, 535 people purchased the perk, as it slowed the site's ticketing system. All 535 people were used for a crowd scene in the film. Hullum stated that the crew had been contacted by multiple distribution companies, media companies, and acting agencies since the campaign began. Burns corroborated, explaining that the film's budget increased as the campaign earned more money:

Casting calls and auditions for minor speaking roles in were held for attendees at RTX 2014. Additional casting for extras was held during shooting. Blaine Gibson also auditioned for the role of Zach.

Principal photography began on October 14, 2014. Filming took place over 40 days in Austin and New Mexico. During the first week of production, filming took place at the Austin National Guard Armory, as well as the University of Texas at Austin. Filming wrapped on December 13. Reshoots started in late February 2015.

To avoid interrupting Achievement Hunter's online video schedule, Free and Jones pre-recorded content for a month prior to filming. During filming, both came into the office, "half the days that we had off" to film videos instead of sleeping for a few hours before returning to set.

"Lazer Team" premiered in Austin at Fantastic Fest, on September 24, 2015, followed by a Canadian premiere at the Toronto After Dark Film Festival on October 16, a European premiere at the Film4 FrightFest on October 24, and an Australian premiere at RTX Australia on January 22, 2016. "Lazer Team" was among the first titles in Fullscreen's newly launched feature film division. "Lazer Team" had a limited theatrical release on January 27–28, 2016, in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand. The theaters were selected through the Tugg platform, which determines the interest of a screening at a specific theater. It set a Tugg record in Australia when it sold 800 tickets to a single theatre at Event Cinemas' George Street, in Sydney.

The film reportedly grossed $1 million through pre-sale tickets. From February 10, 2016, the film was available for streaming as part of YouTube's new paid subscription service YouTube Red. On November 3, 2017, shortly before the release of the sequel, Lazer Team was made available for FIRST members on Rooster Teeth's website.

"Lazer Team" played in theaters as a cinema-in-demand model where if fans gathered a certain number of people who wanted to see the film, the producers would find a theater for a one-time showing event. The distributors managed 480 screenings (for one night only) in both the U.S. and abroad. The picture was also four-walled for a 35-screen run in the U.S. It was played 47 times in the UK and fans lined up around the block. In Australia, it screened 65 times. "Lazer Team" ended up grossing over $1.1 million in the U.S. and over $1.6 million globally, according to Rentrak. The film was unable to recoup its 2.4 million dollar budget in the theatrical window.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 56% based on 34 reviews, with an average rating of 5.1/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 42 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Scott Weinberg, writing for "Nerdist", praised the film's amiable, '80s tone and "surprisingly nifty" effects, calling it "a good deal of quaint, geeky fun." Matt Donato of "We Got This Covered" dubbed it, "the Anti-"Pixels"." Marc Savlov from "The Austin Chronicle" gave it a mixed review, writing "Sharply edited while ranging all over the comic map – Lazer Team has its share of groaners, to be sure – it's a solid debut from Austin's gaming and comedy hometown heroes." "New York Times" Neil Genzlinger criticized the film saying "Lazer Team ends by setting itself up for a sequel, but that's mighty wishful thinking" and "What they—or the men playing them—really need to learn to do is act."

Matt Fagerholm of RogerEbert.com heavily criticized the film, writing "This movie is, in essence, a product of fame and money without the slightest tangible shred of effort.".

On August 5, 2016, Burnie Burns and Gavin Free announced that a sequel to Lazer Team was green-lit by Rooster Teeth in partnership with YouTube Red and they had officially began pre-production on the film.

In December 2016, Matt Hullum confirmed Rooster Teeth is aiming to shoot "Lazer Team 2" in late Spring in Texas followed by release in 2017.

Daniel Fabelo will be co-directing the sequel with Hullum. Nichole Bloom and Victoria Pratt are also joining the cast.

As of April 2017, filming for the sequel concluded. On August 25, 2017, it was confirmed that the film was written by Burns, Hullum, and Fabelo.

In October 12, 2017, Rooster Teeth released the trailer for the sequel that revealed the film's release date to be November 13, 2017 in theaters and November 22, 2017 on YouTube Red.



</doc>
<doc id="42987583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42987583" title="The Best of Me (film)">
The Best of Me (film)

The Best of Me is a 2014 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Hoffman and written by Will Fetters and J. Mills Goodloe, based on Nicholas Sparks' 2011 novel of the same name. The film stars James Marsden and Michelle Monaghan with Luke Bracey and Liana Liberato.

Alternating between scenes of their relationship in 1992 with their current lives separately, the film shows the story of Dawson and Amanda.

Dawson Cole works on an oil rig off the coast of Louisiana. An explosion on the job nearly kills him, throwing him into the water, but miraculously he survives. Months later, after recovering, Dawson learns that his close friend and surrogate father, Tuck Hostetler, has died and returns home for the first time in almost twenty years to carry out Tuck's final wishes. When he arrives at his house, Dawson is surprised to find that Tuck also arranged for Dawson's high school girlfriend, Amanda Collier, to join him. It seems that Tuck's intention was that Dawson and Amanda would perhaps rekindle their former romance. However, Amanda is now married.

Dawson was born into a notorious backwoods criminal family with an abusive father. In flashbacks, it is revealed that as a teenager, he left his father's home and stayed overnight in Tuck Hostetler's garage. Tuck, a local mechanic who had recently lost his wife, allowed Dawson to live with him and eventually considered him a son of his own. Dawson and Amanda attended the same high school and began dating, soon falling in love. Before the prom, Dawson's father and brothers beat Tuck. Dawson, angered, went to his fathers house with the intent of killing him with Tuck's rifle. However, they scuffled, and Dawson's cousin, an expectant teen father, was accidentally killed. In exchange for a lighter sentence, Dawson testified against his father and brothers. Since Dawson would not be paroled for another four years, he cut ties with Amanda, forcing her to choose college over staying with him.

After Tuck's death, Amanda and Dawson meet with Tuck's lawyer and learn that they are to scatter Tuck's ashes at a cottage he owned with his wife. Later, Dawson and Amanda spend a passionate night together. They have lunch and discuss their plans, during which Dawson learns that Amanda had continued to try to visit him in prison. The following day, Amanda decides to return to her family and her strained marriage, to meet her family commitments.

When Amanda goes home, Dawson remains at Tuck's to restore the garden. However, she later decides to split up with her husband, and she leaves Dawson a voicemail expressing her love. Before anything more can happen between them, Dawson is attacked and almost killed by his brothers, having been almost pushed in front of a moving train. Dawson knocks out his brothers, but after calling 911, he is spotted by his father across the railroad tracks and is shot dead.

Meanwhile, Amanda gets a call that her son has been in a car accident. On arriving at the hospital, the doctor tells her he needs a new heart. That same night, the doctors tell her they had found a donor. 

While sleeping, Amanda has a dream of Dawson sitting on the side of her bed when she is awoken by the doorbell being rung by her mother, who has come to tell her that Dawson had been shot and killed by his father.

One year later, Amanda gets a call from her son telling her he found out who the donor was and that maybe she knew him: Dawson Cole. Shocked and happy upon hearing this, she drives back to the house Tuck had left them. It is there that she reads the letter Dawson had left her, telling her how much he loved her. She proceeds to take a walk through the garden Dawson had beautifully arranged for her before he died.


On June 17, 2011, Warner Bros. acquired the film rights to the novel "The Best of Me" by Nicholas Sparks. On March 15, 2012, it was announced that the studio had tapped screenwriter J. Mills Goodloe to adapt the book.

On September 27, it was reported that Warner Bros. was in final talks with Michael Hoffman to direct the film, Will Fetters was set to rewrite the screenplay, marking his second adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks novel, and Denise Di Novi was set to produce the film, along with Sparks and Sparks' agent Theresa Park as co-producers, marking Di Novi's fifth film collaboration with Sparks, Sparks' second time producing a film adaptation of one of his novels and Park's production debut. On July 25, 2013, Relativity Media acquired the distribution rights from Warner Bros., marking the studio's third film adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks novel. On October 22, Michelle Monaghan was cast to play the female lead Amanda Collier, and Ryan Kavanaugh was to co-produce the film. On October 24, the studio set the film for an October 17, 2014 release.

On January 9, 2014, the studio offered James Marsden, who co-starred in the 2004 adaptation of Sparks' 1996 novel "The Notebook" to play the male lead Dawson Cole, replacing Paul Walker after his death. On January 28, Liana Liberato joined the film's cast as the younger version of Monaghan's character, Amanda Collier. On February 12, Luke Bracey was added to the cast to play the younger version of Marsden's character, Dawson Cole. On March 12, Sebastian Arcelus and Gerald McRaney joined the cast of the film. Arcelus played Frank Reynolds, Amanda's husband and father of her children, while McRaney played Tuck, a widower who takes in young Dawson and becomes a friend and father-figure to him. On March 25, Jon Tenney was added to the cast to play Harvey Collier, the father of Amanda.

Principal photography began on March 6, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana for a 42-day shoot. On April 30 and May 1 the filming took place in the downtown Covington area. Also filming took place in parts of Pearl River, Louisiana.

On June 27, 2014, it was announced that composer Aaron Zigman would be scoring the music for the film.

The soundtrack album for the film, released on October 7, 2014, features original music primarily from the genre of country music, recorded by artists such as Lady Antebellum, Hunter Hayes, David Nail, Colbie Caillat, Kip Moore, Eli Young Band, Eric Paslay, Thompson Square, and Thomas Rhett. "I Did with You" by Lady Antebellum was released on September 8, 2014 as the first promotional single from the soundtrack. The band's other contribution, "Falling for You" is also available on the deluxe edition of their fifth studio album, "747".

The titles and performing artists were published by "Taste of Country".
The album debuted at number 54 on the Billboard 200, selling 6,200 copies in its first week.

"The Best of Me" opened in North America on October 17, 2014 across 2,936 theaters. It has grossed $26.8 million in North America and $9.2 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $35.9 million.

In its opening weekend, the film grossed $10 million finishing fifth at the box office behind "Fury", "Gone Girl", "The Book of Life" and "Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day", making it the worst opening for a Nicholas Sparks' novel adaptation.

"The Best of Me" has been panned by critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 9%, based on 79 reviews, with an average rating of 3.5/10. The site's consensus reads, "At nine films and counting, the line between Nicholas Sparks film fans and detractors is clear, and "The Best of Me" will change few minds on either side of the divide." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 29 out of 100, based on 26 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". In CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend, cinema audiences gave "The Best of Me" an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

"The Best of Me" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on February 3, 2015. At the same time, a "Tears of Joy" edition of the film with a running time of 115 minutes and an alternated ending was released on DVD and Blu-Ray.



</doc>
<doc id="42989035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42989035" title="Lookin' Italian">
Lookin' Italian

Lookin' Italian is a 1994 American crime film directed by Guy Magar and starring Jay Acovone and Matt LeBlanc.

Vinny Pallazzo (Jay Acovone) is a retired gangster who has left the mafia after a disastrous incident. Now working as a clerk in a dusty bookshop of Los Angeles, he has to look after his young, reckless nephew Anthony (Matt LeBlanc), who lives fast, spending his time between seducing girls at the bookshop, dancing in nightclubs and playing poker games with friends. Vinny tries to do everything so that Anthony doesn't cross paths with mafia and gang wars, as he is afraid that his brash and hot-blooded nephew might end up like his father - dead. But that may be a lot more difficult than it sounds, especially after Anthony's girlfriend is brutally killed with another friend of his, by a gang. Anthony wants then to be avenged, especially after learning the truth about his father.


A low-budget independent movie, "Lookin' Italian" is meant to be, in director Guy Magar words, "an hommage to Scorsese and to Italian-American culture ... To me, the words "Lookin' Italian" mean "lookin' good".

Magar also mentioned in his autobiography about the good friendship between Acovone and LeBlanc as the first took the latter under his wing and helped him with his acting.

The critical response was mixed. "Variety" said:

On the other hand, other newspapers gave some good reviews, especially for a low-budget and low-promoted film. The Press Enterprise remarked, for example, that "Lookin' Italian" was "A powerful, smart and sassy independently-made film that comes together so well – blending comedy and drama, issues and entertainment – is a tribute to Guy Magar who made it for the low Hollywood cost of under $1-million!"




</doc>
<doc id="42997494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=42997494" title="Coherence (film)">
Coherence (film)

Coherence is an American science fiction thriller film directed by James Ward Byrkit in his directorial debut. The film had its world debut on September 19, 2013 at the Austin Fantastic Fest and stars Emily Baldoni as a woman who must deal with strange occurrences following the close passing of a comet.

Eight friends reunite at a dinner party one night in California when a comet passes. Kevin asks Emily if she wants to come with him on his business trip to Vietnam, and she doesn't say yes. Kevin's ex-girlfriend Laurie is also at the dinner, and she wants him back. A power outage occurs. The hosts have some glow sticks that they use for light, and they decide to use the blue glow sticks. Everyone goes outside and sees one house up the street that still has power. When they go back inside, a glass is broken, which they didn't notice before. Hugh and Amir go to the other house to ask to use their phone, and a few minutes later they come back with a box. Inside they find a ping-pong paddle and pictures of themselves, including one that was taken that night, with numbers written on the back. On a notepad, Emily writes down the numbers from the box, looking for a pattern, but they can't find one. Hugh says that at the other house he saw a dinner party set for eight people.

The friends realize the other house is an alternate of theirs. They begin to write a note for the other house, only to find the same note already on their own door. Emily, Kevin, Mike, and Laurie decide to go to the other house to see what's happening. While there, they meet copies of themselves, and both groups flee back to their own homes.

Emily's group explains to the others that they met copies of themselves, except the copies were wearing red glow sticks instead of their blue glow sticks. Hugh goes to his car and gets notes from a physics lecture. After reading those notes, they deduce that the comet has created a split reality, and that one of the realities will collapse when the comet passes. The group argues about how to deal with the other house. Beth is wrongly accused of lacing the food with some ketamine she brought, and Mike hysterically plots to kill their doubles before the doubles can kill them. They consider stealing the physics notes from the other Hugh's car. Mike goes to blackmail the other house's Mike, to prevent them from getting the lecture notes.

It's revealed that Hugh and Amir are from the house with red glow sticks. They take the box and go back to the other house, then the Hugh and Amir with blue glow sticks return. They explain that they found two notes at the other house too. They realize that there are more than just two realities, and they switch from one house to another when they go outside and walk through a dark area.

Outside, they hear someone smash Hugh's car window, and they go out to investigate. While outside, Emily has a sweet conversation with her husband, before realizing she's talking to a Kevin from a different reality, then she goes back inside. The group decides to put a random marker in front of their house. As the marker, they leave a random object and photos of themselves in a box, and on the back they write down the numbers they get from rolling dice. They check how their new numbers compare to the numbers from the other house's box, which they wrote on the notepad earlier. Emily realizes that the numbers written on this notepad aren't the same numbers she wrote on the notepad earlier. When she asks other people, she finds that Lee and Beth are the only ones whose memory matches what's written on the notepad, because they're the only ones who haven't left the house since they wrote the numbers on the notepad. Kevin and Laurie are the only ones whose memory matches Emily's memory, since they're the only ones who have traveled with her the whole time. Hugh and Amir remember a third set of numbers, since they switched realities when they switched to the red glow stick house and again when they switched to the current house. Mike remembers a fourth set of numbers, since he switched realities when he went to blackmail himself.

The situation deteriorates further when a blackmail note arrives. Mike mentions that if there's a dark version of their group, maybe it's them. Another Mike arrives to try to kill them, scaring Laurie, who is comforted by Kevin. Emily leaves the house, and looks through several different houses, finding several where things are even worse.

Finally, she finds a reality where no one seems aware of the split and there is a happy Emily. In this reality, Emily had agreed to go to Vietnam with Kevin at the beginning of the evening, and their relationship had stayed strong. She plans to replace this reality's Emily. She destroys a car window to lure the group outside, then ambushes her double with ketamine. Her double is able to crawl back inside, forcing Emily to subdue her again in a bathtub. She then heads to the living room and faints. She wakes the next morning unable to find her double, yet everything seems fine. She searches outside and runs into Kevin. His cell phone now rings, to which he answers "That's weird. It's you calling me." Upon taking the call, he glances at her suspiciously.


Byrkit came up with the idea for "Coherence" after deciding that he wanted to test the idea of shooting a film "without a crew and without a script". He chose to shoot in his own home and developed the film's science fiction aspect out of necessity, as he wanted to "make a living room feel bigger than just a living room". While Byrkit did have a specific idea for how the film would unfold, he selected improvisational actors and gave them the basic outline of their characters, motivations, and major plot points.

Byrkit told an interviewer, "For about a year, all I did was make charts and maps and drew diagrams of houses, arrows pointing where everyone was going, trying to keep track of different iterations. Months and months of tracking fractured realities, looking up what actual scientists believe about the nature of reality — Schrödinger's cat and all that. It was research, but despite all the graphs and charts, I think our whole idea was that it has to be character-based. We want the logic of our internal rules to be sound, and we wanted it to be something people could watch 12 times and still discover a new layer."

The movie cuts to black at 0:02, 0:03, 0:05, 0:05, 0:07, 0:09, 0:19, 0:27, 0:32, 0:34, 1:06, 1:18, 1:22, and 1:23. The movie's director has said those cuts signify something, but hasn't said what they signify. There was no cut to black around 0:16, which was the point of divergence between realities, although the house was plunged into darkness due to an electricity cut. There was no cut to black at 0:17, when the characters all switched from a house without a broken glass to a house with a broken glass, and there was no cut to black at 0:46, when only Mike switched to a different reality.

Byrkit intentionally chose actors who did not know each other. He told an interviewer that, after working on blockbuster films (such as ""), "I come from theater where I was trained to really just concentrate on story and character on a stage with actors and so I was craving getting rid of everything, getting rid of the crew; getting rid of script, no special effects, no support, no money, no nothing, and just getting back to the purity of that, of a camera in your hand and some actress (actors?) that you trust and an idea."

Byrkit added, 

When asked whether the actors were people whom Byrkit knew pretty well, he answered, "Yeah exactly. They were just friends that I knew I could just call up and say, 'Show up at my house in a couple days. I can't really tell you what we're doing, trust me I'm not going to kill you. It should be fun!' And they didn't know each other before they got to my house and so I had to pick people that seemed to be like they could be couples, seemed like they could be best friends and that I just knew were up to the task of jumping into it."

Interviewer Nell Minow confessed her reaction to the actors' relationships: "I just assumed that they all knew each other very well because they fell into the kinds of rhythms that old friends have." Byrkit replied, "That's just casting great people that could do that. Just five minutes after they arrived at my house they had to pretend to be married and lovers and best friends."

Reviewer Matt Prigge praised the choice of casting and their actions: "Byrkit ... focuses not on brainiacs, as in "Primer", but on smart but mostly under-informed NPR types, who know enough to slowly piece all this together but not enough that they don't usually descend into blabbering, shouting and drinking. Indeed, "Coherence" is largely improvised, with a game cast first believably under-reacting to some weird business with laughter and disbelief, then always maintaining a degree of levity (read: jokes and occasional put-downs) even when stuff has gotten real."

Ryan Lattanzio wrote, "Byrkit brought eight unwitting actors to his Santa Monica home, threw them a few red herrings and set them loose for five days knowing that the film could evolve organically, like great jazz, if he kept his players in the dark. But he and co-storywriter Alex Manugian weren't just making it up as they went along." Byrkit told him that his desire was "to strip down a film set to the bare minimum: getting rid of the script, getting rid of the crew." 

Byrkit added, "...instead of a script I had my own 12-page treatment that I spent about a year working on. It outlined all of the twists, and reveals, and character arcs and pieces of the puzzle that needed to happen scene-by-scene. But each day, instead of getting a script, the actors would get a page of notes for their individual character, whether it was a backstory or information about their motivations. They would come prepared for their character only. They had no idea what the other characters received, so each night there were completely real reactions, and surprises and responses. This was all in the pursuit of naturalistic performances. The goal was to get them listening to each other, and engaged in the mystery of it all."

Actor Brendon discussed the improvisational style of the dialogue with Mandatory journalist Fred Topel, who asked: "I understand the way "Coherence" was done was that everyone got notecards about their characters and the scenes. What was on your notecards?" 

Brendon replied, "I can't remember now, but every day we had five different things that we had to convey... but I do know that Jim [Byrkit], and then Alex [Manugian], the other writer, had to make sure that we were all on point. So it was just a matter of getting that information out. ... Since there was no script, I had no idea how it ended. ... When I saw the movie, I'm like, 'Oh shit, this is awesome!' ... To be quite honest with you, I never really knew what was going on fully until I saw the movie done."

Principal photography took place over the course of five nights in Byrkit's house. 

An interviewer asked Byrkit, "Did you run into any unexpected problems in filming?" Byrkit admitted, "... you're constantly dealing with unexpected things. One night we tried to shoot outside and we had to make the whole thing look completely desolate and the power being off; that was the one night that we had another movie shooting on our street. So the whole street is completely ablaze with lights and hundreds of extras." Another team was shooting a Snickers commercial. "We would be right in the middle of the dramatic scenes and there would be another knock on the door that would just scare the hell out of everybody..."

The original score was composed by Kristin Øhrn Dyrud. The song in the closing credits is "Galaxies", from the album Year of Meteors by Laura Veirs.

Byrkit told an interviewer for "Spinning Platters", "Well, we came up with the premise in my living room, where the movie is shot. A couple years ago we were trying to think about what a good low budget, or no budget, movie would be. And, since we didn't have any resources, I had to think of what we actually had. We had a camera. We had some actors who were pretty good, and we had a living room. So we had to find out how to make a living room feel like more than just a living room. And, that led to a whole "Twilight Zone" type story... I was craving a more naturalistic type of dialogue, where people overlap and it's very messy, where people talk more like real humans talk. And so, we planned the story for a year, including the twists and turns and reversals and betrayals so that we had a really tight puzzle – almost like a fun house that we knew we could lead the actors through." 

Some reviewers have suggested that Byrkit was influenced by the eeriness of "The Twilight Zone" and/or the mind-challenging complexities of the science fiction film "Primer".

Byrkit answered one interviewer: ""Twilight Zone", for sure. "Primer" wasn't really an influence so much as it was a sign to us that maybe there was an audience for this kind of movie. The actual movie itself is so different than ours that it wasn't as much of an influence as, say, "Carnage" by Roman Polanski, or other non-sci-fi movies."

Critical reception for "Coherence" has been predominantly positive and the film currently holds a rating of 88% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 82 reviews. 

Much of the film's praise centered upon its cast, which Bloody Disgusting and "Fangoria" cited as a highlight. Film School Rejects gave "Coherence" a positive review, stating that the film's cast was "remarkably grounded for how complicated and bizarre the story is." 

Dread Central commented on the film's themes and wrote, "What's frightening about the story is how willing the characters are to abandon the reality they know in favor of one that may be a little more appealing. Whether that's a byproduct of the comet and the rift it creates or caused by the characters undermining everyone else around them to get the life they really want is the fundamental idea of "Coherence" and what makes it so unsettling."

Clark Collis of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the film, granting it a B+ rating: "In an impressive big-screen debut from James Ward Byrkit, eight friends discover metaphysics on their menu when a passing comet creates a set of doppelgängers down the road, enjoying their own identical soiree. Byrkit makes the most of the claustrophobic one-house setting, ratcheting up the dread and paranoia as his characters make a string of seemingly reasonable but ultimately wrongheaded decisions. The star-free cast is great too, with "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" vet Nicholas Brendon poking fun at himself by playing an actor who used to be on a TV show... "Coherence" is a satisfying and chilling addition to the ever-growing pal-ocalypse subgenre. And really, you have to love a film that not only explains the concept of Schrödinger's cat but also includes a joke about it ("I'm allergic!").

Stephen Dalton of "The Hollywood Reporter" also enjoyed the film: "An ingenious micro-budget science-fiction nerve-jangler which takes place entirely at a suburban dinner party, "Coherence" is a testament to the power of smart ideas and strong ensemble acting over expensive visual pyrotechnics... A group of eight friends gather for dinner... Marital tensions and sexual secrets sizzle just below the surface, but relationship drama is soon overshadowed by metaphysical weirdness when a comet passes close to Earth, shutting down power supplies and phone connections... It slowly becomes clear that the fabric of reality has been radically remixed by the comet's arrival. We are definitely not in Kansas any more... Byrkit only gave his cast limited information about the narrative loops and swerves ahead, encouraging a semi-improvised naturalism that feels authentically tense."

Matt Zoller Seitz, editor-in-chief of Roger Ebert's website, gives the movie three stars and writes that the film "is proof that inventive filmmakers can do a lot with a little... [but] none of the movie's technical or artistic shortcomings prove to be deal breakers. Once "Coherence" delves into its premise, the viewer is bound to come down with a bad case of the creeps. This is a less-is-more science fiction-horror tale... And it's genuinely more of a horror film than a suspense or "terror" film because, while there's some violence, the source of unease is philosophical."

Ryan Lattanzio of Indiewire praised the film's originality: ""Coherence" is not just smart science fiction: it's a triumph of crafty independent filmmaking, made with few resources and big ambition. Gotham-nominated debut director James Ward Byrkit stripped his vision down to the barest of bones to achieve a mind-shifting, metaphysical freakout about a dinner party gone cosmically awry. This film explodes with ideas, and it has that thing we always hope for at the movies: the element of surprise."

The reviewer for "Salon" was ambivalent: "After the fundamental problem of "Coherence" has become clear, or clear-ish – there's another dinner party, at that other house, that looks an awful lot like this one – the movie becomes slightly too much like an unfolding mathematical puzzle, although an ingenious one that reaches a chilling conclusion. Notes appear before they are written, the significance of those numbered photographs comes into focus through a series of neat twists, and while the characters are half aware that their actions are being shaped by a space-time continuum whose cause-and-effect relationship has gone awry, that's not enough to stop them." 





</doc>
<doc id="43001942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43001942" title="Miles Ahead (film)">
Miles Ahead (film)

Miles Ahead is a 2015 American biographical drama film directed by Don Cheadle in his feature directorial debut, which Cheadle co-wrote with Steven Baigelman, Stephen J. Rivele, and Christopher Wilkinson, which interprets the life and compositions of jazz musician Miles Davis. The film stars Cheadle, Emayatzy Corinealdi, and Ewan McGregor, and closed the New York Film Festival on October 11, 2015. The film takes its title from Davis's 1957 album.

Cheadle took a free-form approach to the film's narrative. Skipping around in time, it depicts Davis' attempts to get his career back on track following a period of inactivity and drug addiction in the 1970s, fictional adventures with a journalist (played by McGregor) who wants to profile him, and his troubled marriage to a former dancer (Corinealdi). The film's score covers, in non-linear fashion, Davis' actual recordings throughout his career, beginning with "Agharta" (1975) before jumping back and forth in scenes featuring "Kind of Blue" (1959), "Someday My Prince Will Come" (1961), "Bitches Brew" (1970), and "We Want Miles" (1981), among others.

"Miles Ahead" received mostly positive reviews from critics. Reviewers generally praised Cheadle's direction and performance, although some were critical of the plot. The film has grossed over $5 million.

"Adapted from Sony Classics"

In the midst of a prolific career, Miles Davis (Don Cheadle) disappears from public view for a period of five years in the late 1970s. He lives in isolation while dealing with chronic pain from a deteriorating hip, a musical voice inhibited and numbed by drugs and painkillers, and traumatic memories of his past. A music reporter, Dave Braden (Ewan McGregor), forces his way into Davis' house and, over the next couple of days, the two men unwittingly embark on an adventure to recover a stolen tape recording of the musician's most recent compositions.

Davis' mercurial behavior is fueled by memories of his failed 9-year marriage (1959-1968) to the talented and beautiful dancer Frances Taylor (Emayatzy Corinealdi). During their romance and subsequent marriage, Frances served as Davis' muse. It was during this period that he released several of his signature recordings, including "Sketches of Spain" (1960) and "Someday My Prince Will Come" (1961). The marriage was marked by infidelity and abuse, however, and Frances was forced to flee for her own safety as Miles' mental and physical health deteriorated. By the late 1970s, plagued by years of regret and loss, Davis flirts with self-destruction until he once again finds redemption in his music.


Cheadle was originally drawn to the project to explore the creative process in the approach to composition used by Miles Davis over the many years of his career. According to Cheadle at the Sundance Film Festival debut of the film, the approach to the film was not to produce a biopic but to create plausible though largely fictional vignettes of Davis' life that interpreted the creative process Davis used in the composition of his music.

The idea for Cheadle to star in a film about Miles Davis began when he was auditioning for "Ali", and it was suggested by writer Chris Wilkenson, noting that he knew the Davis family. Cheadle was interested although he didn't seriously consider it until 2006. That year, when Miles Davis was being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Davis' nephew stated that Cheadle was the only person who could play Miles and that a film was coming with him starring. At the time there were no actual plans for the movie and the comments came to Cheadle as a surprise.

Intrigued by the comments, however, Cheadle met with the Davis family, who pitched him a variety of concepts, none of which interested him. Cheadle finally brought up the concept of portraying Davis as a "gangster", based on his life in 1945 and the 1970s. The family approved this concept, and Cheadle soon realized that he was the only one with the vision to write and direct the film this way. The working title for the film was originally "Kill the Trumpet Player".

The score for "Miles Ahead" used music from Davis's recording career, opening the film with "Prelude (Part 2)" from Davis' 1975 album "Agharta". This transitioned into other periods of his music career, including recordings from "Porgy and Bess" and "Kind of Blue" in 1959, "Nefertiti" and "Filles de Kilimanjaro" in 1968, "Bitches Brew" and the "Jack Johnson" sessions from 1969–70, the 1974 "Dark Magus" performance, and "We Want Miles" (1981). Cheadle explained to "Billboard" magazine about using this non-linear narrative with Davis' music: "I didn't want to be stuck with one period of his music. I think had we told it in a way that was chronological, was cradle to grave, was standard telling, we would've been pigeonholed into these moments that coincided with the music, and they would've all been given short shrift."

Cheadle has said the casting of Ewan McGregor, who plays a "Rolling Stone" journalist in the film, was partly because the actor had a high box-office appeal in territories outside North America: "I could have cast a huge French actor, or an Asian actor who's big in Japan, China, and try to make it work for that. Because it's all about selling foreign. No needle moved until we cast Ewan McGregor". The financing of the film required multiple sources including crowdfunding. Cheadle said: "We crowdfunded via Indiegogo, deferred payment, I put money in myself. Kevin Hart, Pras, my producer's cousin, my other producer's friend put money in. It was just like that kind of a situation".

Filming began on July 7, 2014 in Cincinnati, Ohio, and the first film's first promotional photo was released. Filming wrapped on August 16, 2014.

In August 2015, Sony Pictures Classics acquired distribution rights to "Miles Ahead". The film had its world premiere at the New York Film Festival on October 10, 2015. It grossed $2.6 million in the United States and Canada and $2.5 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $5.1 million.

"Miles Ahead" received generally positive reviews from critics. Metacritic, which assigns a rating in the 0–100 range based on reviews from top mainstream publications, calculated an average score of 64, based on 39 reviews. Based on 170 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a 74% approval rating from reviewers, with an average score of 6.5/10; the site's consensus reads, ""Miles Ahead" is worth watching for Don Cheadle's strong work on both sides of the camera, even if this unconventional biopic doesn't quite capture its subject's timeless appeal".

In "The New York Times", Manohla Dargis wrote that while Davis purists may complain about the imagined sequences in the film, "they'll... miss the pleasure and point of this playfully impressionistic movie." She was particularly impressed by Cheadle's ability to shift between "times, moods and modes effortlessly". "Chicago Sun-Times" critic Richard Roeper gave "Miles Ahead" three out of four stars and found most of it silly but often engrossing, crediting Cheadle for attempting to make a unique music biopic while giving "a brilliant performance worthy of an Oscar nomination". In a less enthusiastic review, Kenneth Turan from the "Los Angeles Times" said the only "fully realized" characters played by Cheadle and Corinealdi were surrounded by a plot he deemed clichéd, unsophisticated, and forgettable. Rex Reed was more critical in a one-star review for "The New York Observer", writing that it was overwhelmingly plagued by "hyperbole and innuendo" while taking issue with Cheadle's depiction of Davis and his life: "According to the jazz musicians I know, he was unpredictable and borderline crazy, but nothing like the moody, unhinged and dangerous stray bullet depicted here."





</doc>
<doc id="43007254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43007254" title="The Girl from Scotland Yard">
The Girl from Scotland Yard

The Girl from Scotland Yard is a 1937 American detective film starring Karen Morley.

Detective Beech (Karen Morley) and reporter Holt (Robert Baldwin) pursue a death ray–wielding anarchist (Eduardo Cianelli) with a pathological hatred of England.


Leonard Maltin wrote, "escapist story of girl trying to track down mysterious madman with destruction ray is poorly handled; not nearly as much fun as it might have been." and "Fantastic Movie Musings & Ramblings" wrote, "there are nice touches here and there...but all in all, it's merely rather ordinary. Not bad for a slow day and keep your expectations in check." 



</doc>
<doc id="43009543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43009543" title="My Old Lady (film)">
My Old Lady (film)

My Old Lady is a British–French–American comedy-drama film written and directed by Israel Horovitz in his feature directorial debut. The film was released in 2014, and stars Maggie Smith, Kevin Kline, Kristin Scott Thomas, and Dominique Pinon. It was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Mathias, a down-and-out New Yorker, travels to Paris to sell a large, valuable apartment he has inherited from his estranged father. Once there, he discovers an old woman, Mathilde, living in the apartment with her daughter Chloé.

Mathias quickly learns that the apartment is a "viager" — an ancient French system for buying and selling apartments — and that he will not actually be in possession of the apartment until Mathilde dies, and that until then he owes her a life annuity of €2,400 a month. All this is a surprise to him, since his father never told him and Mathias had language problems with the French lawyer.

Mathias has no money and no place to live, but Mathilde allows him to stay in the apartment with her if he pays rent. However, to pay for the next life annuity payment, he steals and sells furniture from the apartment and also asks a prospective buyer of his contract for advance payments.

Mathias discovers that Mathilde and his father had a long-lasting affair while both were married. Mathias and Chloé fall in love with each other after emotionally bonding over their childhoods. Since Chloé wants to stay in the apartment, Mathias decides at the last minute to decline a multi-million Euro offer for the apartment/contract. Mathilde points out that Mathias does not have to worry about money: he can sell "en viager", allowing him to live in the apartment while also providing him a life annuity, albeit a modest one because of his relatively young age of 57.


The film "My Old Lady" is an adaptation of Horovitz's play of the same name, which premiered in 1996 at the Gloucester Stage Co., founded by Horovitz in East Gloucester, MA.

Horovitz, principally a playwright and theatre director, and whose plays have been translated and performed in more than 30 languages worldwide, had previously directed only one film, "3 Weeks After Paradise", a 51-minute testimonial from 2002 about his family's experiences following the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on New York's World Trade Center.

"My Old Lady" is a British–French–American film production venture between BBC Films, Cohen Media Group, and Deux Chevaux Films. The film is produced by Rachael Horovitz (Moneyball), Gary Foster (Sleepless in Seattle), Nitsa Benchetrit and David Barrot. Film production began filming on location in Paris and its surrounding suburbs on September 26, 2013.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 61% based on 89 reviews. The site's consensus reads, "Although "My Old Lady" doesn't quite live up to its stars' talents, Kevin Kline and Maggie Smith carry the film capably whenever they're together onscreen." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 53 out 100 based on reviews from 19 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

John DeFore of The Hollywood Reporter wrote: "Kline remains a pleasure to watch, surviving the character's deepening self-pity and making his suspiciously unwriterly carelessness with words (he refers to the trophy head of a wild boar as a "cow") almost charming."
Variety's Andrew Barker gave a mixed review: "Its translation from stage to screen looks to have been a bit rocky, and the film never manages to transcend its actors-workshop aura and develop into something deeper."



</doc>
<doc id="43012625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43012625" title="The 50 Year Argument">
The 50 Year Argument

The 50 Year Argument is a documentary film by Martin Scorsese and co-directed by David Tedeschi about the history and influence of the "New York Review of Books", which marked its 50th anniversary in 2013. The documentary premiered in June 2014 at the Sheffield Doc/Fest and was soon screened in Oslo and Jerusalem before airing on the British Arena television series in July. It was also screened at the Telluride Film Festival and the Toronto International Film Festival and was seen at the New York Film Festival, in September, and at other film festivals. It first aired on HBO in September 2014 and was given other national broadcasts. It had a limited theatrical release in Toronto in 2015.

The film uses a combination of archival footage, quotes from the "Review" and contemporary interviews to give a view of the coverage of the journal over its half-century of publication, focusing on how its writers and editors have approached the larger issues of the day. Reviews of the film have been mostly warm.

The 97-minute film is a "hop-scotching journey through the "NYRB's" history". Scorsese and Tedeschi "delve into the journal's eventful fifty-year history, from its emergence during the writer strikes and Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s through to the Arab Spring uprisings in Egypt, Libya and Syria. ... [They] aim to offer not just an overview of the "Review's" half-century history, but also seek to highlight some of the newsworthy events that the magazine has covered in-depth since its conception. ... [I]t's the monumental clashes of intellect that really capture the imagination." They "present a fascinating account of a publication that defies the modern culture of news reporting" but "avoid probing its political character beyond saluting a broad interest in human rights ... a few dissenting voices among the cheerleaders might have added a little necessary grit." The film's title "is a reference to how the ... publication has so frequently exposed stories less reported and made challenges to the mainstream during its time."

"Anchored by the old-world charm" of the editor of the "New York Review of Books", Robert Silvers, the film focuses on notable contributors to, and articles in, the "Review"; it "slides fluidly between handsomely shot contemporary interviews and well-curated retro footage. ... Michael Stuhlbarg reads the spare voiceover while a vintage jazz soundtrack invokes a lost golden age of uptown Manhattan sophistication." The articles' texts are "enlightened by the rich visual illustration with which they're accompanied. ... Scorsese [chooses] to have many famous articles read by their authors", which is sometimes poignant, and results in "a thematically dense but wholly accessible film about how fifty years of sensuous ideas can open a dialogue towards social and political change." The film has been variously characterized as "a warm, engaging, celebratory love letter from one New York institution to another" and "a bracing film about the value of radical ideas and the importance of being courageous enough to consider them."

Silvers said of the "Review" as a documentary subject: "The book review sounds like it might be quiet, but it can be extremely intense and revelatory. It can have a lot of power – or that's what you hope for."

To help celebrate and memorialize the 50th anniversary of the 1963 debut of "The New York Review of Books", Silvers approached Scorsese, who is known as an avid reader of the "Review", with the idea to make a documentary about the paper. Scorsese said, "I have learned so much over the years from "The New York Review of Books" – it’s given me so much that I jumped at the chance to make this film ... a film about the adventure of thought, and, as Colm Toibin puts it, the sensuality of ideas." The film took 18 months to produce.

The documentary screened as a work in progress at the Berlin International Film Festival in February 2014 and premiered in June 2014 at the Sheffield Doc/Fest. It was also screened in Oslo in June and at the Jerusalem Film Festival in July. The film was shown on British television on the Arena documentary series in July and at the Telluride Film Festival in August. In September, it was seen at the Toronto International Film Festival, the Calgary International Film Festival, and the New York Film Festival. It first aired on HBO on September 29, 2014 and was screened at the Tokyo Film Festival in October. Other film festival screenings in 2014 were held in Rio de Janeiro, Mumbai, Denmark, St. Louis, and it was broadcast on television in Japan. The film was released for public showings in a theatre in Toronto in January 2015.

Press reviews at the early screenings were generally favorable, noting that the filmmakers captured the two key factors of the magazine's half century: its long-form reviews of the great books of the time, and its independent take on political and historical events. Some reviewers felt that Scorsese and Tedeschi were noticeably well disposed to the "Review". "The Hollywood Reporter" called the film "a warm, engaging, celebratory love letter from one New York institution to another" but commented on "the irony of a film that champions serious criticism without containing any serious criticism itself." The English newspaper "The Guardian" concurred, observing that Scorsese and Tedeschi "are here to celebrate the magazine, not challenge it. It's testament to their skill, as much as the "NYRB's" commitment to good stories, thoroughly told, that you find yourself rooting for the staff." "Variety", though concurring that the film "comes mainly to lionize", remarked that it successfully encapsulates the paper's origins and first years, its modern day-to-day operations under Silvers, and a detailed examination of the "Review's" most important articles and contributors. "The Times" said, "Scorsese's nose for mafia-style feuds works well in this study of the literati who inhabit the "Review's" august and book-tsunamied offices in New York's Village."

An "Indiewire" reviewer wrote, in previewing the film for its HBO release: ""The 50 Year Argument" ... is a must-see. ... It reveals how many pivotal cultural arguments were started at the "NYRB" ... the movie visualizes and captures videos ... to remind us of some of the great debates over the decades." "Brooklyn Magazine" called it "a moving and memorable tribute to something that matters." A reviewer at "The Washington Post" commented that "the film does a thoughtful and appealing job of opening up the rarefied literary realm of the "NYRB" to a viewer who may have never heard of it." Another at the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" wrote: ""The 50-Year Argument" is a rare animal among documentaries because it honors intellectualism — a dirty word in some quarters — rather than a person or an event and proves that ideas are powerful and effective in the hands of serious-minded people."


</doc>
<doc id="43014109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43014109" title="She Demons">
She Demons

She Demons is a 1958 independently made black-and-white science fiction film, produced by Arthur A. Jacobs and Marc Frederic, directed and co-written by Richard E. Cunha, that stars Irish McCalla, Tod Griffin, and Victor Sen Yung. Made in the tongue-in-cheek style of Men's adventure magazines, Nazisploitation, and "The Island of Lost Souls", the film was distributed by Astor Pictures in March, 1958 as a double feature with Cunha's "Giant from the Unknown".

During a tropical storm, a pleasure boat is shipwrecked on an uncharted island and is presumed lost with all hands after the storm clears. The four survivors' shipboard radio can only receive but not transmit, and they hear that their castaway island will soon be used by U.S. Navy aircraft as a bombing target.

Finding strange-looking human footprints and hearing the sound of jungle drums, three of the party explore the island. They soon discover the island is populated by deformed, fanged women who are the product of scientific experiments of Nazis led by a mad scientist and war criminal, who rules the island with an iron swastika.

The survivors eventually manage to blow up the island before the Navy jets can do so.


After completing "Giant from the Unknown", Astor Pictures told Richard Cunha that the film would only be accepted if he made another co-feature, to be released by Astor on a double bill. This led Cunha to make "She Demons". Astor advanced $80,000, with Cunha completing the film for $65,000. Filming locations for "She Demons" were at Ferndale, California, Griffith Park, and Paradise Cove Pier in Malibu, California. David Koehler handled the special effects. H.E. Barrie, who co-wrote the screenplay, also wrote the scripts for two of Cunha's other 1950s films, "Missile to the Moon" and "Frankenstein's Daughter".



</doc>
<doc id="43015153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43015153" title="Septic Man">
Septic Man

Septic Man is a 2013 horror film that was directed by Jesse Thomas Cook. The film had its world premiere at the Austin Fantastic Fest on September 19, 2013, where actor Jason David Brown won "Best Actor" in the Horror Features category. In the film Brown stars as a sewage worker who ends up transforming into a hideous mutant by way of toxic sewage.

Jack (Jason David Brown) is an average sewage worker who has been asked to investigate a water contamination in his hometown that has forced everyone else, including his pregnant wife Shelley (Molly Dunsworth), to evacuate. He decides to investigate the local sewage plant but ends up getting trapped in a septic tank by Lord Auch (Tim Burd) and his brother Giant (Robert Maillet). They refuse to let Jack out despite his pleas and the toxic sewage eventually begins to transform Jack into the hideous mutant Septic Man.


"Ain't It Cool News" and "Dread Central" both praised "Septic Man", and "Dread Central" called it a "bizarre yet inventive film" and remarked that the film would not be for everyone's tastes. "Fangoria" and "Complex" both gave negative reviews overall, and "Complex" wrote that "It's a shame that "Septic Man" lacks the significance and social commentary of "The Toxic Avenger", to which it's frequently compared, and settles for a straightforward plot to please fans of gag-inducing humor."

However, on its UK release, it received negative reviews. The review aggregator website "Rotten Tomatoes" reported that 2 critics gave it a positive review based on 16 critics, with an average score of 3.1/10. "Metacritic", a similar website, gave the film an average score of 8 out of 100, based on 7 reviews, indicating "Overwhelming dislike".



</doc>
<doc id="43021426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43021426" title="The Walk (2015 film)">
The Walk (2015 film)

The Walk is a 2015 American 3D biographical drama film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Christopher Browne and Zemeckis. It is based on the story of 24-year-old French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's walk between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center on August 7, 1974. The film stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ben Kingsley, Charlotte Le Bon, James Badge Dale, Ben Schwartz, and Steve Valentine.

The film was released by TriStar Pictures on September 30, 2015 in the United States in IMAX 3D, and on October 9 in regular 2D and 3D. It was dedicated to the victims of the September 11 attacks. The film received positive reviews but was a box office failure.

In 1974, French street performer Philippe Petit is trying to make a living in Paris with juggling acts and wire walking, much to the chagrin of his father. During one performance, he eats a hard candy which was given to him by an audience member and injures his tooth. He visits the dentist and, while in the waiting room, sees a picture in a magazine of the Twin Towers in New York City. He analyzes the photo and decides to make it his mission to walk a tightrope between the two buildings. Meanwhile, he is evicted from his parents' house by his father, citing his lack of income and the fact that he is a street performer. Philippe returns to the circus that inspired him to wire walk as a child and practices in the big top after hours, but is caught by Papa Rudy, whom he impresses with his juggling skills. While performing one day, Philippe meets a woman and fellow street performer named Annie, and they begin a romantic relationship. He also explains that although he did not know it at the time, she was his first "accomplice." He tells Annie about his dream to walk between the towers of the World Trade Center and she supports him and gives him a perfect place to practice at her music school. Philippe meets a photographer named Jean-Louis and befriends him, who becomes Philippe's official photographer and second accomplice in his "coup."

Philippe asks Papa Rudy for tips and advice on knot tying and rope rigging, which Papa Rudy agrees to for compensation. After failing his first real performance by falling into a lake, Philippe decides to attempt to walk on the Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris to redeem himself. He succeeds with the support of Jean-Louis but is arrested in the process. Jean-Louis introduces Jeff, another accomplice who has a fear of heights, to Philippe and Annie, while explaining his idea to use a bow and arrow tied to a fishing line to get the cable across the Towers. Philippe and Annie then travel to America, setting the date for the walk as August 6, 1974. Philippe dresses in disguises to spy on the construction crews and scout out the locations, impaling his foot on a nail in the process. At one point, he meets a man who reveals he is a fan of Philippe's and saw him at Notre Dame. He introduces himself as Barry Greenhouse, a life insurance salesman who works in the building, becoming another member of Philippe's team. They also meet French-speaking electronics salesman J.P., amateur photographer Albert, and stoner David. The gang goes over the plan several times, ending with the notion that Philippe must be on the wire before the construction crews arrive at 7:00 a.m.

On the eve of the event, the gang encounters several challenges, such as being three hours behind schedule, guards on the premises and nearly dropping the heavy cable off the roof. However, they successfully string up the ropes and set the cables. Philippe begins his walk, explaining that everything around him faded once he started, except the wire and himself, and that for the first time in his life he felt truly thankful and at peace. He successfully crosses the gap between the towers while crowds below cheer him on. Once he reaches he has an urge to return, so he walks back again across the void. At one point he kneels to his audience and even lies down. The police arrive, and threaten to remove him by helicopter if he does not get off, but Philippe relentlessly continues to walk back and forth until he achieves the feat a total of six times in his 45-minute performance and felt confident enough to showboat on occasion before being ordered down by the local police. He is arrested on site, with the police and construction workers commending him on his bravery. Philippe and his accomplices are eventually released and he decides to remain in New York, but Annie chooses to follow her dream, and return to Paris. The building manager gives Philippe a free pass to the observation decks of both towers, and Philippe gives a final look to the camera, with the Twin Towers in the background, as he says the expiration date on the pass was crossed out and changed to "forever."


On January 23, 2014, it was announced that Robert Zemeckis would direct a film based on the story of Philippe Petit's walk between the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974. It was also confirmed that Zemeckis wanted Joseph Gordon-Levitt to star in the film as Petit. Zemeckis first came across the story of Petit from the children's book "The Man Who Walked Between the Towers". At first, Zemeckis questioned whether or not the story was true as he did not recall the event, saying he "somehow missed it." Zemeckis immediately recognized the potential for a movie, telling "Deadline": "To me, it had everything that you want in a movie. It had an interesting character who’s driven, and obsessed, and passionate. It had all this caper stuff. He was an outlaw. There was suspense. And then he did this death-defying thing." By February 2014, Gordon-Levitt was confirmed to star in the film. In April 2014, Charlotte Le Bon, Ben Kingsley and James Badge Dale joined the cast of the film. On May 6, 2014, it was announced that the film would be released on October 2, 2015. In May 2014, Steve Valentine and Ben Schwartz joined the cast of the film. Principal photography began on May 26, 2014, in Montreal, and ended on August 6, 2014.
Gordon-Levitt, who had no formal high-wire experience, trained directly with Petit. By the end of the eighth day, he was able to walk on the wire by himself, and continued to practice while shooting. Along with a stunt double, the actor shot the climactic wire-walking scenes on a soundstage; it had reconstructions of the top two stories of the tower and a wire approximately twelve feet off the ground, which was connected out across a green abyss and was anchored on a pole. To learn more about what it was like, Gordon-Levitt also walked the distance between the World Trade Center memorial's two pools, which are located where the Twin Towers stood before the September 11 attacks. He visited the original observatory once before, in 2001, during his first summer in New York City. "It was touristy but I wanted to go do it. I remember it distinctly. It felt more like being in the sky than being on a tall building." Aside from wire-walking, Gordon-Levitt also learned to speak French fluently, perfecting a Parisian accent aided by Le Bon and other French actors on set.

The film premiered at the New York Film Festival on September 26, 2015. It had an early release in IMAX on September 30, 2015, before a wide theatrical release on October 9, 2015.

"The Walk" grossed $10.1 million in North America and $51 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $61.2 million, against a budget of $35 million.

The film was released into IMAX theaters on Wednesday, September 30, 2015. In the opening weekend of its limited release, the film grossed $1.6 million, finishing 11th at the box office. During the first weekend of its wide release a week later, the film grossed $3.7 million, coming in seventh.

"The Walk" received positive reviews from critics, with praise for Gordon-Levitt's performance, Zemeckis' direction and the visual effects, particularly during the wire walk scene. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a rating of 84%, based on 267 reviews, with an average rating of 7.08/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Walk" attempts a tricky balancing act between thrilling visuals and fact-based drama – and like its wire-walking protagonist, pulls it off with impressive élan." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 70 out of 100, based on 41 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A-" on an A+ to F scale.

John Lasser of IGN gave the film an 8.6 out of 10 'great' score, saying, "The Walk" is an amazing film, and is so on multiple levels. Joseph Gordon-Levitt puts forth such an easy charm crossed with a fierce determination that it is impossible not to fall in love with Philippe Petit as he attempts what sounds utterly suicidal. The planning and set up of the caper are as fun as any heist movie. And, even though everyone watching knows exactly what the film is building towards, the climactic sequence delivers everything you want and more. Peter Debruge of "Variety" gave the film a positive review, saying "A filmmaker with a gift for overcoming the seemingly impossible puts audiences in the place of the man who walked between the Twin Towers in this gripping human-interest story." David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, saying "The film's payoff more than compensates for a lumbering setup, laden with cloying voiceover narration and strained whimsy." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying "The film gets better as it goes, and the last half-hour (especially in 3-D on an Imax screen) is nearly everything it should be: scary, visually momentous, meticulously realized." Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Zemeckis finally delivers the goods in abundance in the section that really counts: A vertigo-inducing digital re-creation of Petit's famous walk back and forth between the towers."

Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying ""The Walk" satisfies as an absorbing yarn of authority-flouting adventure and as an example of stomach-flipping you-are-there-ness. The journey it offers viewers doesn't just span 140 feet, but also an ethereal, now-vanished, world." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Expect the worst from the first half- that's before Philippe Petit (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) strings up a wire between the World Trade Center towers. But then, oh, baby, does this movie fly." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "The last 30 minutes or so are all about the walk. Dariusz Wolski's cinematography is beautiful... and Gordon-Levitt does some of his best acting when he's out on the wire and mostly silent, his face glowing from the sheer crazy joy he's feeling." James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "It's two-thirds of a great film but the slow start and unremarkable first hour hold it back. Still, for those who buy into the precept that good things are worth waiting for, "The Walk" unquestionably delivers." Brian Truitt of "USA Today" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying "For those who want to feel like they're 110 stories up and living in the clouds, Hollywood does its job conjuring movie magic with a breathtaking Walk to remember."




</doc>
<doc id="43022601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43022601" title="My Illegal Wife">
My Illegal Wife

My Illegal Wife is a 2014 Filipino comedy drama spoof film directed by Tony Y. Reyes starring Pokwang and Zanjoe Marudo. The film, produced by Skylight Films and distributed by Star Cinema officially premiered in the Philippines on June 11, 2014.




On May 16, 2014, Star Cinema released news through their website about their next film, topbilled by Marudo and Pokwang with the title: "Coming soon: ‘My Illegal Wife’" and accompanied by a spoof image of ABS-CBN's "The Legal Wife" primetime series. They first introduced the cast, including Zanjoe Marudo, Pokwang, and Ellen Adarna as well as the storyline.
The film, which started shooting on April 7, is their second film together after "Cinco" in 2010. In that case, both wanted to do more scenes that will show their improvement as a team, particularly having bed and love scenes on-screen.

The director noted that Marudo can be the next Vic Sotto, who is the "Prince of Comedy", as the director can see his skills on becoming like one. Coincidentally, Marudo is a fan of Sotto.

The team had a story reference on March 28 under Skylight Films. During the reference, Pokwang promises that their team-up will bring laughter and "kilig". One month when their first shoot on April 7 started, both the main actors excitedly posted exclusive sneak peeks on their Instagram accounts. In the same way, entertainment writer Mell Navarro posted a behind-the-scene photo of one of Pokwang and Marudo's scenes through his Facebook account on May 9.

On May 30, the full trailer of the film was uploaded in YouTube. The team, then, attended their grand press conference on June 2 at 11 a.m., accompanied by a livestream. In addition, the Marudo and Pokwang have had guestings in ABS-CBN to promote their upcoming film, including "The Buzz", "Gandang Gabi Vice", and "ASAP", wherein they had a dance production number on the latter.

There are numerous television and movies that the film used to spoof. In fact, their title is a spoof of ABS-CBN's "The Legal Wife" primetime series. Note that only the title is spoofed, not the storyline. Other sources parodied include:



</doc>
<doc id="43031013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43031013" title="Sisters (2015 film)">
Sisters (2015 film)

Sisters is a 2015 American comedy film directed by Jason Moore and written by Paula Pell. The second collaboration between Tina Fey and Amy Poehler following the 2008 film "Baby Mama", it received mixed reviews, though most critics praised the chemistry of the lead actresses. The film was released on December 18, 2015 by Universal Pictures and grossed $105 million on a production budget of $33 million. 
The film centers on adult sisters Kate and Maura Ellis. Kate is an irresponsible single mom while Maura is a kindhearted nurse and recent divorcee. The girls are summoned back to their childhood home by their parents to clean out their bedroom before the house gets sold. Upset and angry that all their childhood memories are going to be gone, Kate convinces Maura to have one last wild party at the house, but things soon get out of control.

Maura Ellis (Amy Poehler) is told by her parents Deana (Dianne Wiest) and Bucky (James Brolin) that they are planning to sell their Orlando home and is asked to come and clean out her childhood bedroom. Her parents also ask that she inform her sister, Kate (Tina Fey), because she does not take bad news well.

Maura, a recently divorced nurse, is constantly trying to help people, and Kate is a disorganized, irresponsible stylist staying at a friend's place while her teenage daughter Haley (Madison Davenport) lives elsewhere and refuses to tell Kate where she is staying. Maura calls to tell her the news, but stops short of telling Kate that their childhood home is being sold, and instead convinces her to come to Orlando for a while, as Kate has just been kicked out of her apartment. Kate and Maura meet at the airport, and on the drive home they hit on a man, James (Ike Barinholtz), doing yard work outside of his home.

Upon reaching their childhood home, they discover the house has already sold and their parents have already packed up and sold all of the family's belongings, except for the things in the sisters' room. Furious, Maura and Kate find their parents and confront them. The sisters are told that the deal is done and that they need to be out of the house by the end of the weekend with everything completely moved out. As they are going to sleep, Kate convinces Maura to have one last party in their childhood home.

The next morning, the sisters are awakened by the new homeowners coming to see the house in order to begin to plan all of the things they want to change when they move in, and tell them that the home needs to be in perfect condition in order for the sale to go through, causing great distress to Maura and Kate. Moving forward with their plans to host a party, Kate and Maura invite most of their friends from high school, excluding Brinda (Maya Rudolph) whom Kate hates.

The sisters go shopping in order to prepare for the party. While looking for decorations, they have a run-in with Brinda who is upset about not being invited. The sisters then go to a nail salon where Maura invites her nail stylist to the party, and tries to convince Kate to apply for a job there. Kate speaks to the owner and he refuses. Kate convinces him to pretend to give her a job so that Maura will think that she is taking responsibility. 

While shopping for dresses, Haley calls Kate to check in with her. Kate hands the phone to Maura, whose conversation with Haley reveals that Maura has been housing Haley for the past several months, unbeknownst to Kate. Maura convinces Haley that Kate has changed for the better, and Haley buys a plane ticket to Orlando to surprise Kate. The sisters finish up their shopping, and stop by James' house where Kate forces Maura to ask him to come to their party, and he agrees. While preparing for their guests to arrive, Maura asks Kate to remain sober for the party, so that she will be able to enjoy herself. Kate reluctantly agrees.

As the party begins, the sisters realize that all of their high school classmates have matured and do not want a wild party. To prevent the guests from leaving, they give a speech to their guests and ask Dave (John Leguizamo) to invite his drug dealer Pazuzu (John Cena) over so they can buy marijuana. More of their friends show up, including their nail stylists, who are able to turn the party around into the epic celebration they were hoping for. Brinda arrives uninvited and is promptly kicked out by Kate. James also arrives where he and Maura try to hold a conversation but keep getting interrupted by the rowdy guests.

As revenge for getting kicked out, Brinda calls in a noise complaint to the police, though Kate and Maura are able to flirt and talk their way out of trouble. As the night progresses, the party spins out of control. After failing to stop the party, Brinda tries again by adding blue paint to the water system for the pool and sprinklers. Haley calls her mom to surprise her about being in town when she learns that Kate is at a party. Haley lashes out at her mother for her lack of responsibility, refusing to believe that Kate is sober. Kate decides to drink since Haley already suspects she is drunk.

With Kate no longer watching over the guests, the party becomes increasingly destructive. Brinda again sneaks in, but this time she and Kate are able to resolve their dislike for one another and Brinda is allowed to stay. Meanwhile, Maura has snuck off with James hoping to having sex with him, but things keep going awry, with Maura falling through the ceiling, and later, James landing squarely on her childhood ballerina music box. James leaves the party with the music box painfully stuck in his rectum. 

Kate learns that her parents were planning to give her a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the house so allow her to attempt a fresh start. Kate realizes that the house is no longer saleable due to the widespread destruction and tries to end the party early. She calls the police with a fake noise complaint, but the responding officer recalls that Maura was kind to his disabled cousin years ago and declines to shut the party down.

After failing to have sex with James, Maura leaves her room and is horrified to see the mess from the wild party. Maura angrily discovers that Kate has gotten drunk, despite her earlier promise to remain sober. At the same time, Kate learns that Maura has been housing Haley and is incensed. As the sisters fight, Haley, Deana and Bucky arrive at the party and are horrified by what they see. Kate has failed to park the car properly, causing it to roll forward into a tree, knocking it down and destroying part of the house. The backyard pool suddenly becomes a sinkhole, and Haley falls in. Kate jumps to the rescue and helps Haley out after she refuses to climb a ladder. Once the parents kick the guests out, they tell Kate and Maura that they are fed up with caring for both of them, and that they need to get their lives together.

The next morning, Deana and Bucky refuse Maura's offer to help pay for the damages so that they will not have trouble selling their home. Kate tells her parents that she doesn't have a place to stay and would like to live in the house. They reluctantly allow her to stay for two weeks while she, along with James' help, begins home repairs. Maura and Kate apologize to one another, and Kate convinces Maura to try and reconnect with James. 

Kate successfully fixes up the place, with her parents now able to sell it with Brinda as their real estate agent. Kate opens a nail salon in Orlando while Maura and James have begun dating. The movie closes with Kate, Maura, Deana, Bucky, Haley and James celebrating Christmas at their parents' new home.

The film was initially titled "The Nest". On December 3, 2014, Universal Pictures announced it had been retitled to "Sisters".

On June 5, 2014, Ike Barinholtz joined the cast of the film to play the male lead. On June 11, James Brolin was added to the cast to play Fey and Poehler's characters' father. On June 12, Greta Lee was added to the cast to play Hae Won, a nail stylist who gets a pity invite to the party. On June 13, Maya Rudolph joined the film to play the childhood friend of both sisters. On June 17, Madison Davenport joined the film to play Kate's daughter Hayley. On July 1, wrestler John Cena was added to the cast of the film, with Deadline reporting that he would play a villainous role. On July 16, Renée Elise Goldsberry was added to the cast to play Kim, a longtime friend of Poehler and Fey's characters.

Principal photography commenced on June 9, 2014 in White Plains, New York when director Moore tweeted some photos from the set. It was filmed in New York City through the end of July. On June 18, the crew shot some scenes in Haverstraw, New York. Fey and Poehler were spotted filming in Pearl River, New York. On June 24, filming was underway around Five Towns College in Dix Hills, New York. Filming also occurred at the Jon Megaris hair salon in nearby Huntington, New York on January 22, 2015.

"Sisters" was released in the United States on December 18, 2015. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on March 15, 2016.

"Sisters" grossed $87 million in North America and $18 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $105 million, against a budget of $30 million.

In North America, "Sisters" opened on December 18, 2015 with box office projections expected to be hurt by "". In its opening weekend, the film was projected to gross $11 million from 2,961 theaters. The film grossed $5 million on its first day and $13.9 million in its opening weekend, finishing third at the box office behind "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" ($248 million) and "Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip" ($14.3 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film had a rating of 61%, based on 173 reviews, with an average rating of 5.94/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Sisters" sharp blend of pathos and vulgarity, along with Tina Fey and Amy Poehler's effervescent chemistry, are more than enough to make up for the handful of laughs this coming-of-age comedy leaves on the table." On Metacritic, the film had a score of 58 out of 100, based on 36 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Guy Lodge of "Variety" gave the film a positive review, writing: "Beneath the film's entertainingly crude hijinks, there are actual human stakes here, as the two sisters recognize in each other the growing up they themselves need to do — though Pell’s script keeps the hugging and learning to a reasonable minimum." Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" also reacted positively, saying, "It takes superior artistry to take the rude, crude and socially unmentionable and make it feel upliftingly wholesome. Such is the magic of Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, the dynamic duo at the playful, prurient, occasionally perverse heart of "Sisters"." Many critics have positively compared the film to other recent successful female-centric comedies, such as "Bridesmaids", "Spy" and "Trainwreck".

Mark Olsen of the "Los Angeles Times" had a more mixed reaction, saying, "There is so much about its package – the stars, the premise, the talented supporting cast – that would make for a film of warmth, humor and insight on the struggles of leaving the past behind and getting out of your own way on the path to fulfilment. Instead, the movie settles for being a party comedy and little else." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film one and a half stars out of four, but praised Fey and Poehler's performances, saying "though they look nothing like sisters, they’re believable as sisters. Every once in a while when we take a break from the thuddingly unfunny slapstick stuff, there’s a nice and genuine moment."



</doc>
<doc id="43033675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43033675" title="Legend (2015 film)">
Legend (2015 film)

Legend is a 2015 biographical crime thriller film written and directed by American director Brian Helgeland. It is adapted from John Pearson's book "The Profession of Violence: The Rise and Fall of the Kray Twins", which deals with their rise and fall, the relationship that bound them together, and follows their gruesome career to imprisonment for life in 1969.

This is Helgeland's fifth feature film. Tom Hardy, Emily Browning, David Thewlis and Christopher Eccleston star with Colin Morgan, Chazz Palminteri, Paul Bettany, Tara Fitzgerald and Taron Egerton as well as singer Duffy featured in supporting roles.

In the 1960s, Reggie Kray is a former boxer who has become an important part of the criminal underground in London. At the start of the film, his twin brother Ron is locked up in a psychiatric hospital for paranoid schizophrenia. Reggie uses threats to obtain the premature release of his brother, who is rapidly discharged from hospital. The two brothers unite their efforts to control a large part of London's criminal underworld. One of their first efforts is to muscle-in on the control of a local nightclub, using extortion and brutal violence.

Reggie enters into a relationship with Frances, the sister of his driver, and they ultimately marry; however, he is imprisoned for a previous criminal conviction, which he cannot evade. While Reggie is in prison, Ron's mental instability and violent temperament lead to severe financial setbacks at the nightclub. The club is almost forced to close after Ron scares away most of the customers. On the first night after Reggie's release from prison, the brothers have an all-out fist fight, but they manage to partially patch things up.

The brothers are approached by Angelo Bruno of the Philadelphia crime family who, on behalf of Meyer Lansky and the American Mafia, wants to engage them in a crime syndicate deal. Bruno agrees to a fifty-fifty deal with Reggie to split London's underground gambling profits in exchange for local protection by the brothers. Initially, this system is highly lucrative for the Kray brothers. Ron's barely concealed volatility results in him publicly murdering George Cornell, an associate of the Torture Gang, rivals of the Krays. As a result, Scotland Yard opens a full investigation of the Kray brothers.

Reggie beats and rapes Frances and she leaves him. Reggie then approaches her to start afresh, offering her a holiday to Ibiza. Instead she is found dead after committing suicide with an overdose of prescription drugs. The brothers' criminal activities continue and Ron pays petty criminal Jack McVitie to kill Leslie Payne, Reggie's partner, who controls the legal side of the Krays' operations. He only wounds Payne, who then turns the brothers over to Detective Superintendent Leonard "Nipper" Read, the head of the investigation. Reggie finds out and brutally stabs McVitie with a knife during a party hosted by Ron. The testimony given by Payne means that Ron is arrested and charged with Cornell's murder. The final scene shows a police squad breaking down the door to Reggie's flat in order to apprehend him for McVitie's murder.

The closing captions indicate both brothers receiving criminal convictions for murder. They died five years apart, Ron from a heart attack in 1995, and Reggie from cancer in 2000.


On 12 October 2013, it was announced that Brian Helgeland had written a script and would be directing a film focusing on the life of Reggie Kray who, with identical brother Ronald, formed the notorious Kray twins. Helgeland said the film would concentrate on Reggie's attempts to control the psychopathic tendencies of his younger twin.

Helgeland spoke of hanging out in London with well-known Krays associate Freddie Foreman, saying, "I had drinks with him in his local haunt. When we finished he got up to go and they feted him at the bar. I said to him, 'what about the bill?' and he replied, 'we don't pay.'"

Helgeland attended the Cannes Film Festival with Working Title's Tim Bevan and Chris Clark to talk to potential buyers of the film and showing test footage of Hardy playing the twins.

On 18 April 2014, it was announced that Helgeland would write and direct the film, with the shooting being based in the United Kingdom and with Hardy starring as the male leads. Five days later it was stated that Browning was in negotiations for a role as the film's female lead.

Crews and cast were spotted filming scenes at Falmouth Road, London, St Anne's Limehouse in Limehouse and in the Windmill Walk area around London Waterloo.
Filming also took place in Caradoc Street in Greenwich, in the Cedra Estate on Cazenove Road and in Gibson Gardens, both of which are in Hackney.

Principal photography started on 12 June 2014. The film was released in September 2015.

Financing for "Legend" was provided by StudioCanal, which also distributed the film throughout the territories of the United Kingdom, France, New Zealand and Germany in addition to handling international sales, which started at the beginning of the Cannes Film Festival. On 30 April 2014, Brian Oliver's Cross Creek Pictures acquired the North American distribution rights to "Legend" from StudioCanal, with a planned 2015 theatrical release through Universal Pictures in its distribution deal with the studio and Oliver also named as a producer on the film. Sales to other territories such as Asia, Africa and much of Europe are being completed. The film was originally set for a 2 October 2015, U.S. release, but it was moved to 20 November 2015.

Legend premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on 12 September 2015 at Roy Thomson Hall.

On 13 June 2014, the first image of the film was published, featuring Hardy as the Kray twins. A promotional poster attracted publicity because it made a two-star review from "The Guardian" appear to be a four- or five-star review by placing the two stars between the heads of the Krays.

"Legend" was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United Kingdom on 25 January 2016 and in the United States on 1 March 2016.

, "Legend" has grossed $41,636,816 worldwide; $27,960,112 in the United Kingdom and $1,872,994 in North America.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 61% based on 164 reviews and an average rating of 5.9/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "As a gangster biopic, "Legend" is deeply flawed, but as a showcase for Tom Hardy – in a dual role, no less – it just about lives up to its title." On Metacritic the film has a score of 55 out of 100 based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".




</doc>
<doc id="43049997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43049997" title="Alex of Venice">
Alex of Venice

Alex of Venice is a 2014 drama film directed by Chris Messina in his directorial debut. It is written by Jessica Goldberg, Katie Nehra and Justin Shilton. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Don Johnson, Katie Nehra, Chris Messina, Derek Luke, and Skylar Gaertner. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18, 2014, and has expanded to a few other film festivals.

The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand beginning on April 17, 2015.


The following have cameos in the film

Shooting began on 17 June 2013 and wrapped on the 17 July 2013. Filming took place on location in Venice Beach.

Messina has stated he was inspired, and influenced by several filmmakers that he has worked for before. "I would say Woody Allen and Sam Mendes were huge inspirations. [Woody] casts his movies really well and then he kind of lets you go. [...] With Sam Mendes, he said something that I quote constantly. He told me that every actor comes with a gift, and it’s the director’s job to let that gift out." Messina has also named "Kramer Vs. Kramer", "Hannah and Her Sisters" and the work of John Cassavetes as "models for the film's quiet naturalism".

Messina directed the film back-to-back while shooting "The Mindy Project". He has said about the experience, “That was maybe the dumbest thing – it was grueling, and I would never do that again [...] I’d be on set at Mindy during the day and then editing at night, and constantly on the phone during breaks.”

Mary Elizabeth Winstead was cast in the film on 12 June 2013. She says of the script, "I immediately loved it. It was one of those things where I cried like 5 times when I first read it. I just felt really connected to the role and thought it was so beautifully written."

Messina approached Don Johnson to play the role of Alex's father Roger. Johnson says he "wasn’t initially won over to play Alex’s father," but "Chris wouldn’t leave me alone – he came up to my house in North Los Angeles, and I wasn’t really looking to work, so I dragged him to my boys’ basketball game and made him watch, and he feigned interest." Johnson ultimately agreed, saying he was "intrigued by Messina's infectious passion" and "the material resonated with me because it had different tempos and rhythms."

Upon casting himself in the movie, Messina said, “I thought there were a lot of other actors who could’ve done a better job [...] I was scared to do both (acting and directing), but I wanted to do it to learn what it’d be like. Maybe two weeks out, I was trying to convince Jamie [Patricof, producer] to hire somebody else!” But both Nehra and Shilton hoped for Messina for the role years ago. “He was our only George,” said Shilton.

The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18, 2014. "Alex of Venice" was also shown at the San Francisco International Film Festival on May 8, 2014 and at the Seattle International Film Festival on June 6, 2014.

In August 2014, "Alex of Venice" was picked up by Screen Media Films for release in early 2015. The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand beginning on April 17, 2015.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 73% based on 30 reviews, and an average rating of 6.1/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Alex of Venice" does immensely likable things with its overly familiar parts, adding up to an agreeable calling card for debuting director Chris Messina." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 56 out of 100, based on 10 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Above all, the cast's performance has been highly praised by critics, with Winstead prominently singled out. "Variety" says, “Winstead gives an extraordinary performance in this uneven but pleasurably mellow indie.” Moviewallas.com adds, "A great deal of the film’s success lies in the casting of Mary Elizabeth Winstead as the lead." Screen Invasion notes, "Winstead is quietly stunning in all of Alex's various circumstances, from bewildered, overwhelmed and frazzled, to focused, confident and accepting."

Johnson also received praise for his performance, with Galo Magazine saying, "Johnson's ability to slip into the skin of his characters...has been underrated far too long." Messina’s directing has also been commended. The Arts Guild says, “Messina has created a film that does successfully look at a [character’s] growth out of chaos”.

One reviewer complained that the script "leaves many details behind" and that "the audience is left questioning the plot from the get go"; but also felt that "the performances... make up for the film's ambiguity."



</doc>
<doc id="43052722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43052722" title="The Fluffy Movie">
The Fluffy Movie

The Fluffy Movie is a 2014 American stand-up comedy film directed by Manny Rodriguez and starring Gabriel Iglesias. The film was released in theaters on July 25, 2014, by Open Road Films. The concert movie was filmed at two shows on February 28, 2014, and March 1, in San Jose, California.

Though the movie centers around Gabriel Iglesias in his stand-up shows, it shows several people in flashbacks who are portrayed by actors.

Additionally, DJ Chuy Gomez and Martin Moreno, both close friends of Iglesias, cameo in the film as themselves close to the beginning of the film.

On February 13, 2014, it was announced that the film would be released on July 11, 2014, with Open Road Films distributing the film. The concert movie was filmed at two shows on February 28, 2014, and March 1, in San Jose, California.

On July 25, 2014, the film received a limited release at 432 theaters in the United States.

Upon its release, "The Fluffy Movie" was met with mixed reviews. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 57% approval rating with an average rating of 5.4/10 based on 14 reviews. On Metacritic, the film achieved an average score of 56 out of 100 based on 11 reviews, signifying "mixed or average reviews".

Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave a positive review of the film, remarking that Iglesias "delivers a solid set of often highly personal material that’s consistently amusing even if it never quite hits the level of hilarity". He further noted that Iglesias "is a likeable presence, and his fluid delivery, complete with spot-on accents and sound effects, is consistently engaging." Conversely, Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a C and said, "While Iglesias is perfectly competent as a comedian, he lacks the ability to really wrap his arms around his own personal narrative." Mark Jenkins of "The Washington Post" gave the film two-and-a-half stars, writing that the film's "principal weakness is that it’s not much of a movie". However, Jenkins went on to note that "The balance between the hilarious and the heartwarming is carefully maintained."

In North America, the film opened to number 17 in its first weekend, with $1,311,446.



</doc>
<doc id="43063577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43063577" title="Her Man (1930 film)">
Her Man (1930 film)

Her Man is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film produced and distributed by Pathé Exchange and directed by Tay Garnett. It starred Phillips Holmes, Helen Twelvetrees and Marjorie Rambeau. The film is a slightly disguised version of the stage play "Frankie and Johnny".

At least one copy is preserved at the Library of Congress. The original camera negative has been scanned and restored at 4K resolution by Sony Pictures Entertainment, in partnership with the Film Foundation and RT features.

A Havana prostitute (Twelvetrees) with a sadistic "protector" (Cortez) falls for a young sailor (Holmes).




</doc>
<doc id="43067301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43067301" title="The Warrior's Husband">
The Warrior's Husband

The Warrior's Husband is a 1933 pre-Code American comedy film directed by Walter Lang and starring Elissa Landi, David Manners, and Ernest Truex. It tells the story of the Amazons, who ruled over men thanks to the sacred girdle of Diana, and Hercules who came to steal it. The film is based on a 1932 Broadway production of Julian Thompson's 1924 play that starred Katharine Hepburn in the lead role.

The Broadway play of the year before is considered as one of the breakthrough roles of Katharine Hepburn. It was a revival of a 1924 play by Julian F. Thompson (the play would re-appear in 1942 as "By Jupiter"). The film version was made with an entirely different cast and music.

In Pontus, the land of the Amazons, the gender roles and natures are completely reversed. Women are the strong sex, thanks to the sacred girdle of the goddess Diana (Roman names are used). It is in the care of queen Hippolyta and her sister Antiope (in the 1932 production played by Katharine Hepburn), the commander of the female armed forces. The men stay at home and take care of the children. Only Sapiens, the new husband of queen Hippolyta, advocates men's rights.

Just like the relationships are reversed, so too are the Greeks for the Amazons a legendary race that probably doesn't exist, instead of the other way around. This is about to change when two Greeks come to court to announce that Hercules needs to get the girdle of Diana to complete his twelve labours. In reality, Hercules may not be much of a threat, but his friend Theseus certainly is. Meanwhile, Sapiens, using his male wiles, is secretly trying to wreck the Amazon's defense from within. Eventually he manages to capture Hercules, and let him escape with the girdle. Without it, the Amazons lose the battle and the gender dynamic shifts to roles matching the social mores of the 1930s.


The film has not been issued on home video or shown on television, although George Eastman House and the Museum of Modern Art have copies.



</doc>
<doc id="43068439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43068439" title="I Saw the Light (film)">
I Saw the Light (film)

I Saw the Light is a 2015 American biographical drama film directed, written, and produced by Marc Abraham, starring Tom Hiddleston as country music legend Hank Williams and Elizabeth Olsen as his first wife, Audrey Williams. It is based on the book "Hank Williams: The Biography" by Colin Escott, George Merritt, and William (Bill) MacEwen. It was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.

The film is a biographical dramatization of country and blues singer-songwriter Hank Williams, his life and rise to fame as one of country music's most popular and influential artists. The title comes from the gospel song of the same name written and performed by Williams. The film was released on March 25, 2016, by Sony Pictures Classics.

The film revolves around country music singer Hank Williams' rise to fame and sudden death at the age of 29. It also explains his rocky marriage and eventual divorce to Audrey Sheppard mostly due to his alcoholism and infidelity.


Director Marc Abraham began developing the film in 2009 and adapted the screenplay himself. In June 2014, producers secured the rights to Williams' music for the film after making a deal with Sony ATV. Aaron L. Gilbert with Bron Studios will produce alongside Brett Ratner's production company RatPac Entertainment, G. Marq Roswell and Abraham. Creative Wealth Media Finance will finance the film. On 12 June 2014, British actor Tom Hiddleston who was set to play Hank Williams, posted an image of himself on his Twitter account, dressed as Williams with the title of the film as the caption.

Hiddleston will sing his own music for the film, also taking on Williams' southern accent. To prepare for the film and work on his singing and guitar playing, Hiddleston practiced with country singer Rodney Crowell. In July 2014, Crowell signed on to be the executive music producer for the film while Carter Little, who has worked with the Black Keys on "The Man With the Iron Fists", signed on to serve as music supervisor. Crowell said of Hiddleston, "After nearly a month spent collaborating with this gifted artist, I'm as respectful of the man's work ethic as I'm mystified by his transformational skills. Without a doubt, the filmmakers chose the right actor for the job."

At the 2014 Wheatland Music Festival, Hiddleston sang "Move It on Over" and "Jambalaya (On the Bayou)", promoting the film.

Casting for the film for extras and additional actors begin in September 2014. Casting was done by Legacy Casting and Tracy Kilpatrick of The Casting Office. On September 12, "Rolling Stone" announced that Elizabeth Olsen would be playing Audrey Williams, Hank's wife, manager, duet partner.

Principal photography took place in Shreveport, Louisiana, starting in October 2014 and ending in December 2014.

Williams' grandson, singer Hank Williams III, has publicly expressed his displeasure for Hiddleston's singing skills. Soon after Hiddleston's performance of "Move It on Over" at the Wheatland Music Festival, Williams posted negative criticism of aspects of Hiddleston's voice on Facebook, along with a video of himself singing his grandfather's hit.

Williams went on to critique Hiddleston's role, saying "To do a Hank Williams movie the way it should be done you need certain aspects in the mix to make right. It goes way beyond having an American to play the role of Hiram Hank Williams Sr. for it to be somewhat natural, it needs to be an American from the South who has eaten, lived and breathed these kind of roles before." On September 11, 2015, soon after Hiddleston posted a film clip on social media, Williams made another statement on Facebook, saying that the film seemed to lack "justice and real foundation."

Conversely, Holly Williams, granddaughter of Hank Williams Sr. and half-sister of Hank Williams III, praised Hiddleston's performance, stating in an interview with "Rolling Stone", "Tom really put his whole heart and soul into it. He worked so hard to embody everything about Hank, all of the nuances and who Hank really was. Tom put all his passion into his performance."

The soundtrack for "I Saw the Light" was released on March 25, 2016 by Legacy Recordings. Seven of the songs are performed by Tom Hiddleston and the Saddle Spring Boys.

The film was originally scheduled to be released on November 27, 2015, by Sony Pictures Classics. However, on October 16, the release date was pushed back to March 25, 2016.

"I Saw the Light" received mixed to negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 20% score based on 131 reviews, with an average rating of 4.6/10. The site's consensus states: ""I Saw the Light" boasts a terrifically talented cast, but their performances aren't enough to enliven an unfocused biopic that never comes close to capturing its subject's timeless appeal." Metacritic reports a 47 out of 100 rating based on 35 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of "The A.V. Club" criticized "I Saw the Light" for not having "a spark of insight or psychology to it," and stated "no character in the film ever comes across as more than an accent." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film one of four stars, stating "Not even a singin', boozin' Tom Hiddleston can save this tepid Hank Williams biopic from itself."



</doc>
<doc id="43069298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43069298" title="Mt. Hakkoda (2014 film)">
Mt. Hakkoda (2014 film)


The scenes in which the 5th Infantry Regiment gradually lose their way were filmed on location in the Hakkoda Mountains. Most of the victims died at Narusawa on January 25, their second day bivouacking in the snow. Scenes set there were shot on site at exactly the same day and time, and the entire cast and crew offered a silent prayer for the victims.




</doc>
<doc id="43085173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43085173" title="The Short Game">
The Short Game

The Short Game is a 2013 documentary film about 7- and 8-year-old golfers. Produced by Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel and directed by Josh Greenbaum, it presents eight entrants in the 2012 U.S. Kids Golf World Championship. The film premiered in 10 cities on September 20, 2013.

Beginning 6 months before the 2012 World Championships, the movie visits each of the eight subjects at their homes, some of which are as far away as Paris, Manila, Johannesburg and Shenzhen, China to meet the kids and their parents. Once the subjects are introduced we observe the various trials and tribulations of the competition. The subjects of the movie are evenly split between children from the United States and other countries with five boys and three girls, including Allan Kournikova (half-brother of Anna), Sky Sudberry, and Augustin Valery (great-grandson of French poet Paul Valery). Kournikova went on to win the boys division of this event for his age group.

The film also includes interviews with golfing legends Jack Nicklaus, Gary Player, Chi Chi Rodriguez and Annika Sorenstam.


The majority of the film was shot during the tournament, with 18 different camera crews using Canon EOS C300 cameras with Canon 70–200mm f/2.8 and Canon 25-75 f/2.8 lenses. Each child was followed by two crews, one ahead and one behind.

Based on 18 reviews at Rotten Tomatoes, it had an average 6.2 rating out of 10 and an 83% approval rating. At Metacritic, its metascore based on 10 reviews was 51. The film won the Audience Award at the SXSW Film Festival in March 2013.

"Los Angeles Times" critic Annlee Ellingson describes the movie as a "warts-and-all" depiction of youth golfers that is similar to the 2002 documentary film "Spellbound" about the 1999 Scripps National Spelling Bee. Nicolas Rapold of "The New York Times" also notes that the movie was probably modeled after "Spellbound" and raved about the movie's uninhibited cuteness. Rapold compared the introductions to reality shows, but notes that some of the subjects such as Kournikova and his mother are more fleshed out than others. "Golf Digest" critic John Strege said that "The toxic mix of youth sports and overzealous parents threatened to hijack" the film but the subjects themselves were so entertaining that the movie was not a loss. "Boston Globe" critic Michael Whitmer says the results of Greenbaum's feature film debut was compelling although tinged with discomfort. "USA Today" critic Scott Bowles described the film as upbeat and noted that "...for astute viewers and golf fans, "Short" hits the green consistently and is, at times, a hole-in-one."



</doc>
<doc id="43085183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43085183" title="Scenes of a Crime">
Scenes of a Crime

Scenes of a Crime is a documentary film that focuses on the case of Adrian P. Thomas who was the subject of nearly 10 hours of interrogation by Troy, New York police, culminating in a controversial confession and high profile murder trial. The film won multiple festival awards, a Gotham Award for "Best Film Not Playing At Theater Near You," played theatrically and was broadcast nationally. Reviews of the film were highly favorable.

Producer/Directors Grover Babcock and Blue Hadaegh were interested in making a documentary about the psychology of modern police interrogation, and the risks of false confession. They sought a case that featured an extensive video-recording of a long interrogation that culminated in a dispute over the confession. Since many police departments do not routinely record full interrogations, and instead record conversations only once a suspect has agreed to confess, it was difficult to locate a suitable case. Eventually, they learned of the video-recorded interrogation of Adrian P. Thomas, a 26-year-old father from Troy, New York. Local police had interrogated Thomas for nearly 10 hours in 2008, after they were told, mistakenly, by medical staff at Albany Medical Center that Thomas's dying son Matthew showed clear evidence of a "shaken baby" type attack. Over successive rounds of intense psychological manipulation, including lies about evidence against him, and promises of leniency, Troy detectives eventually convinced Thomas to confess to harming his son; crucially, they threatened to pursue Thomas's wife as a suspect if he didn't comply, and assured him that he would spend no time in jail for an "accidental" attack. Detectives then acted out an attack scenario for him, which Thomas then demonstrated. Thomas signed a statement written by police, and was surprised he was then arrested. He soon recanted his confession. All of the interrogation room activity was secretly video-recorded by police.
The documentary inspired high profile organizations such as the Legal Aid Society, Center on Wrongful Convictions and the Innocence Project to support Thomas's appeal. After a setback in New York's 3rd Appellate Department, Thomas won his appeal to the New York Court of Appeals based on a coercive interrogation, resulting in an order for a new trial. The Court said the police methods "raised a substantial risk of false incrimination." On June 12, 2014, in the second trial, Thomas was found not guilty for the second degree murder of his infant son Matthew Thomas, and immediately freed.

By closely examining the Adrian Thomas case, the documentary shows in detail the way currently accepted psychological interrogation techniques can distort investigations and make outcomes less reliable. Specifically, in the Thomas case the film pushes against the assumption that innocent people will not confess to a crime that they did not commit. The documentary is largely based on a nearly 10-hour videotaped interrogation of Adrian P. Thomas over a two-day period in September 2008 by Troy, New York, police officers.
The technique of interrogation seems to closely follow the Reid Technique, which is a long-established nine-step procedure that uses psychological manipulation to extract a confession.
While sequences of video from this interrogation are at the center of this documentary, there are also interviews with key individuals in the case. These interviews include the police officers who conducted the interrogation, the prosecuting district attorney, the defense attorneys, two of the jurors, and expert witnesses.
One of the jurors interviewed for the film stated after the trial: "We saw the video. You could just tell that he was guilty."

According to Kenneth Turan, writing for the "Los Angeles Times", the most noteworthy aspect of this case was how it began with scant evidence. When the police went to the hospital, Dr. Walter Edge (who declined to participate in the film) told them that Thomas' infant son had died of a fractured skull and told them "somebody murdered this child." The police shortly thereafter assumed the injury was caused by Adrian Thomas and proceeded to extract a confession from him. Subsequent examination found no skull fracture and found inconclusive evidence for a high-impact head injury.

Eric Hynes, writing for "Time Out", opines that while the film addresses the issue of legally sanctioned coercion in police interrogations, it does not address issues of how race affected the verdict in the trial.
Writing for "The Village Voice", Mark Holcomb says that "What's remarkable about "Scenes of a Crime", besides Hadaegh and Babcock's ability to stay out of the way of their story and resist flashy graphical flourishes, is the degree to which the events it reveals are business as usual."
Nick Schager, writing for "Slant Magazine", states that the "film is an impressive piece of reportage free of overt or pushy bias, with equal time granted to Adrian's defense team."
Eddie Cockrell writing for "Variety" points out that "Blue Hadaegh and Grover Babcock borrow liberally from the Errol Morris nonfiction playbook; as imitation is the sincerest form of flattery..."

In 2011, "Scenes of a Crime" won a Gotham Award for "Best Film Not Playing At Theater Near You". In December 2012, however, it was broadcast nationally in the United States by MSNBC.
The documentary also won the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival's grand jury award.



</doc>
<doc id="43085434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43085434" title="The Search for General Tso">
The Search for General Tso

The Search for General Tso is a documentary film that premiered at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival. It was directed by Ian Cheney and produced by Amanda Murray and Jennifer 8. Lee. Sundance Selects acquired it in December 2014, and was released January 2, 2015, in theaters and on demand.

The film begins by exploring theories about General Tso. The film then shifts focus to China, where few recognize the eponymous dish. The film then traces Tso's real-life history in the Qing Dynasty as well as the history of Chinese immigration to the United States. Interviewed are a number of notable figures in Chinese-American cuisine, such as Cecilia Chiang of The Mandarin, a world record-holder for restaurant menus and Chef Peng Chang-kuei, who invented the dish in Taiwan.

Around 2004, Cheney and his best friend were driving across America when they stopped at a Chinese restaurant "with red booths and neon signs" and ordered General Tso's chicken. The experience prompted them to investigate the history of Chinese food in America.

In 2008, Lee wrote a book about the history of Chinese food in the United States and around the world, titled "The Fortune Cookie Chronicles", documenting the process on her blog. She reported the unlikely, but true, story of how a batch of fortune cookies created 110 Powerball lottery winners. To the surprise of many non-Chinese readers, she reported that fortune cookies are found in many countries but not China and that fortune cookies may have originated in Japan. Warner Books editor Jonathan Karp struck a deal with Lee to write a book about "how Chinese food is more all-American than apple pie". She appeared on "The Colbert Report" to promote the book. The book was #26 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list.

The book research is the basis of Lee's documentary collaboration with Cheney. In addition to premiering at Tribeca, the film played at the Seattle International Film Festival AFI Docs, and the Independent Film Festival of Boston.

Film reviews were generally positive, with critics finding the premise amusing and the conclusion thought-provoking. Scott Foundas of "Variety" called it "a finger-lickin' good foodie docu" and John DeFore of "The Hollywood Reporter" predicted, "Festival auds should eat it up."



</doc>
<doc id="43092282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43092282" title="Blood of Redemption">
Blood of Redemption

Blood of Redemption is a 2013 American crime action thriller film directed by Giorgio Serafini and Shawn Sourgose. The film was released on direct-to-DVD and Blu-ray in the United States and Canada on September 24, 2013. The film stars Dolph Lundgren, Billy Zane, Gianni Capaldi, Vinnie Jones and Robert Davi.

Quinn (Billy Zane) is the son of a famous and powerful mafioso. In the course of one night, he loses everything. Betrayed by someone from his inner circle, Quinn is set up and arrested. His father (the patriarch of the criminal empire) is killed, and his brother suspects he is behind it all. When he's released from jail, he tries to escape the demons from his past, but that becomes an impossible task. Campbell (Vinnie Jones) is the ruthless new leader of "The Company", and he won't let Quinn live in peace. So instead of escaping them, Quinn begins to fight back. He joins forces with his former henchman and friend, The Swede (Dolph Lundgren), and also fights his enemies head on.

Entertainment One Films released the DVD and Blu-ray on September 24, 2011, in the United States and Canada.

Nav Qateel of "Influx Magazine" gave the film a C+ rating and called it a "guilty pleasure". Ian Jane of DVD Talk rated it 2/5 stars and wrote that the film fails to live up to its potential as a fun B film. David Johnson of DVD Verdict wrote, "While "Blood of Redemption" isn't embarrassingly terrible, it leaves much to be desired as a crime thriller, burdened by clunky storytelling, indifferent acting, and unsatisfactory plot twists. As an action film, it's even more wanting."




</doc>
<doc id="43096862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43096862" title="United Passions">
United Passions

United Passions (French: "United Passions: La Légende du football") is a 2014 English-language French drama film about the origins of the world governing body of association football, Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA). Ninety-percent funded by FIFA, it stars Tim Roth, Gérard Depardieu and Sam Neill, and is directed by Frédéric Auburtin. It premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on 18 May 2014.

The film's release in North America on 5 June 2015 was particularly unsuccessful, coinciding with the 2015 FIFA corruption case. In the United States, the film grossed just $918 in its opening weekend, making it the lowest-grossing film in American history. The film was unanimously poorly reviewed and described as propaganda, and is considered to be one of the worst films of all time. The film was also a major box-office bomb, losing $26.8 million worldwide and failing to obtain a theatrical distribution in many markets.

In 1905, after the English football federation rejects an offer to join the formation of an international governing body for football, Robert Guérin forms FIFA, and makes himself the first president. Years after its formation, it is all but unknown. Jules Rimet, then president of FIFA, publicly mocks Uruguay's victory in the 1924 Summer Olympic football games, hoping that this audacious move will make FIFA more publicly visible. However, the media does not publish his mockery. Still optimistic, he decides that the only way to make themselves known is to organize a truly international tournament: the World Cup.

Rimet is at the point of giving up organizing the World Cup due to a lack of funds until he receives an unexpected letter from Enrique Buero. Buero and his South American ties will fund the first World Cup, hoping that in doing so, it will make Uruguay and other South American countries more well-known. Rimet and Buero collude to award the first World Cup to Uruguay. In 1930, Uruguay wins the first World Cup. Rimet remains president of FIFA, working through the Great Depression, looming war, and disagreement among FIFA members; Rimet would organize the 1938 World Cup, but would fail to do so in 1942 and 1946 due to World War II.

After the war, Rimet organized two more World Cups in 1950 and 1954. The World Cup and FIFA after the war grew significantly, with many new members joining in many parts of the world. After many years, FIFA is now under the reign of president João Havelange. Havelange is voted into power using expensive trips and various modern lobbying tactics. Havelange sees FIFA as an organization in financial disarray, and works to find various sponsors to finance its operation. Throughout his tenure as the president of FIFA, he has a right hand man, Sepp Blatter, who impresses Havelange with his unrelenting work. Eventually, Blatter becomes the next president of FIFA.

Corruption within FIFA builds up over the years from Havelange's expansion efforts. As president of FIFA, Blatter is tasked to clean this up, for which he is seen as a controversial president. Many FIFA officials attempt to vote him out of office because of how incorruptible he is. The movie ends with a 2006 vote, in which Blatter is able to retain his presidency by cowing the corrupt members of FIFA, threatening to expose their ill deeds if they do not endorse Blatter and his anti-corruption campaign by voting for him as the FIFA president.

Principal photography took place in Switzerland, Azerbaijan, France and Brazil. FIFA wanted the film finished for release in the summer of 2014, ahead of the FIFA World Cup in Brazil. The film's script was completed in four months. FIFA's original title suggestions for the film were "Men of Legend" and "The Dreammakers".

The film's United States release coincided with the 2015 FIFA corruption case, in which several current and former members of FIFA's executive committee were arrested for charges of corruption. The corruption investigation led to the resignation of FIFA's president, Sepp Blatter, following decades of speculation and accusations of corruption at FIFA under his leadership. 

The film was accused of ignoring these long-running claims. Roth has said that he asked the filmmakers: "Where's all the corruption in the script? Where is all the back-stabbing, the deals?" He said he attempted to convey these elements through his performance, saying: "It was a tough one. I tried to slide in a sense of it, as much as I could get in there." The film's director, Frédéric Auburtin, claimed he inserted "ironic parts" into the film. 

Prior to its release, comedian John Oliver lampooned the film in a segment on his show "Last Week Tonight", saying that the "movie, like FIFA itself, looks terrible" and asking, "Who makes a sports film where the heroes are the executives?" The film also faced criticism from media concerning the £16 million cost of production, more than the annual turnover of most of FIFA's national associations.

The film was made on a budget of between $25–32 million, with the "Los Angeles Times" reporting an estimated budget of $29 million. Roughly £17 million (about US$27 million; 90% of the total budget) was financed by FIFA. The film was reported to have lost around $26.8 million due to its poor theatrical returns.

In North America, the film became a box office bomb. It opened on Friday, 5 June 2015, and grossed a mere $319 on its opening day from 10 theaters in New York City, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Phoenix, Kansas City, Miami, Minneapolis, Houston, Dallas, and Philadelphia, followed by an even worse $288 on Saturday. For its three-day opening (Friday-to-Sunday), it grossed only $918—the worst opening of all time for a film opening in 10 to 15 theatres in U.S. box office history.

The FilmBar theater in Downtown Phoenix reported a gross of $9, indicating that only one person bought a ticket to see the film. The film was withdrawn from cinemas by its distributor, Screen Media Films, following its appalling opening weekend performance at the box office. In North America, it ended up becoming the lowest-grossing film of all time, surpassing the previous record held by "I Kissed a Vampire" ($1,380) in 2012.

For the film's screening at the Zurich Film Festival on 5 October 2014, about 120 people paying $22.70 per ticket viewed the film in a 500-seat cinema. Overall, the highest revenue outside of North America came from Russia and the CIS (£144,000), Portugal (£4,000) and Serbia (£2,000), while the profits from Hungary, Slovenia, Switzerland and Ukraine were minimal. In France, the film was released straight to DVD.

Auburtin, in his first interview since the film's disastrous US opening in June 2015 told "The Hollywood Reporter" that he tried to strike a balance between "a Disney propaganda film [and] a Costa-Gavras/Michael Moore movie", but the project ultimately tipped in FIFA's favor. He added, "Now I'm seen as bad as the guy who brought AIDS to Africa or the guy who caused the financial crisis. My name is all over [this mess], and apparently I am a propaganda guy making films for corrupt people." 

Roth, who has not seen the film and has declined repeated requests to speak about the film, confessed in May 2015, before the scandal broke, to German newspaper "Die Welt": "Yeah, I apologize I didn't question the director, I didn't question the script", he said. "This is a role that will have my father turning in his grave". He admitted that he took the job for the money, saying it helped him out of a "financial hole", and added: "[B]ut you know what? The hole FIFA has dug for itself is so deep, they'll never get out of it".

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 0%, with an average rating of 1.01/10, based on 16 reviews. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 1 out of 100, based on 9 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike". It is regarded as one of the worst films ever made. The film has been criticized for the poor quality of the drama, the unsuitability of the topic of administrative matters for a movie and the perceived biases of the film, with "The Guardian" describing it as "cinematic excrement" and "self-hagiography", and others calling it a "cringeworthy, self-aggrandizing affair", and "astonishingly crass". 

Several reviewers commented on the irony of the portrayal of Blatter in the film as an anti-corruption campaigner. Sara Stewart of the "New York Post" described it as "hilariously ill-timed", while Paul Field of the "Daily Mirror" said that this created "unintentional comedy gold". 

Writing in the "London Evening Standard", Des Kelly described "United Passions" as "the worst movie ever made" and "the most extraordinary vanity exercise; a vile, self-aggrandizing, sugar-coated pile of manure where Blatter and Co. manage to make North Korea's Kim Jong-un look self-effacing". 

Daniel M. Gold of "The New York Times" claimed "United Passions" is "one of the most unwatchable films in recent memory, a dishonest bit of corporate-suite sanitizing that's no good even for laughs". In a later interview, Gold claimed it would make the top three of his list of all-time bad films.

"United Passions" received the Barry L. Bumstead Award during the 36th Golden Raspberry Awards, a special category for critical and financial failures that were not given an eligible release.




</doc>
<doc id="43101237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43101237" title="The BFG (2016 film)">
The BFG (2016 film)

The BFG (titled onscreen as Roald Dahl's The BFG) is a 2016 American fantasy animation adventure film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg, written by Melissa Mathison and based on the 1982 novel of the same name by Dahl. The film stars Mark Rylance, Ruby Barnhill, Penelope Wilton, Jemaine Clement, Rebecca Hall, Rafe Spall and Bill Hader. In the film, a 10-year-old orphaned girl named Sophie befriends a benevolent giant dubbed the "Big Friendly Giant", who takes her to Giant Country, where they attempt to stop the man-eating giants that are invading the human world.

Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall began development on a live-action adaptation of "The BFG" back in the 1990s, and various screenwriters were hired to work on the screenplay in the subsequent years. DreamWorks acquired the screen rights to Dahl's book in September 2011, and Marshall and Sam Mercer joined as producers, Mathison as screenwriter and Kennedy as executive producer. Spielberg was announced as director in April 2014, alongside his production company Amblin Entertainment as co-producer. Principal photography commenced in March 2015, marking Spielberg's first directorial film for Walt Disney Pictures, which co-financed the film.

"The BFG" premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 14, 2016, and held its North American debut at the El Capitan Theater on June 21, 2016. The film was released in the United States in Disney Digital 3-D, RealD 3D, IMAX 3D, and conventional theatrical formats on July 1, 2016, the same year of Dahl's centennial. Although the film received generally positive reviews from critics, it grossed only $183 million against its $140 million budget, making it a box office bomb.

Sophie, a 10-year-old girl who lives in a London orphanage after her parents died when she was a baby, stays awake reading through the nights due to her insomnia. At 3 in the morning, or what she calls the "witching hour", she sees an elderly giant outside her window who captures her and takes her into Giant Country. There, he explains that Sophie must stay with him for the rest of her life because she saw him and must not be allowed to reveal the existence of giants. He also explains that she will put herself at risk if she goes out in the open, as nine other giants (all of whom are much larger than him and favor the taste of children) inhabit Giant Country.

When Sophie awakes, the Fleshlumpeater, the infantile leader of the man-eating giants, enters the smaller giant's home and smells Sophie. The Fleshlumpeater nearly devours Sophie before exiting. The giant gives Sophie some replacement clothes, as hers are ruined, and Sophie convinces him to take her to Dream Country to catch dreams together. As they leave, they accidentally wake up the Bloodbottler, the more intelligent and cunning second-in-command to the Fleshlumpeater, who awakens the other man-eating giants. They torment and bully the friendly giant by throwing him around like a football and rolling him down a hill in a garbage truck. As the pair escape during a thunderstorm which drives the man-eating giants into the cave, the Fleshlumpeater and the Bloodbottler find Sophie's blanket (which she had dropped before) and plan to find her. Climbing up the mountain, Sophie tells the giant that he shouldn't allow the other giants to bully him.

The pair arrives in Dream Country and catch a dream each. While there, the giant reveals that his only other alias (other than "Runt" which the other giants call him, as they are much larger) is "the Big Friendly Giant" and Sophie decides to call him "BFG". The two then head to London to spread good dreams to sleeping children. As they do so, Sophie realizes that she has lost her blanket. The BFG realizes that the other man-eating giants know about her and she wakes up outside the orphanage. He explains that the last human child he took and raised was discovered and eaten by Fleshlumpeater's group. She throws herself out of her window in the hope he will appear again to catch her, and he does.

When they return to the BFG's home, the other giants barge in and upend the place looking for Sophie, destroying much of the BFG's hard work. Sophie evades detection and the enraged BFG finally stands up to them and drives them off with a hot fire iron. While hidden, Sophie finds the home of the last human to live with the BFG before becoming a victim of Fleshlumpeater's group. She leaves his jacket on his bed and finds a portrait of Queen Victoria amongst his belongings. From this she devises a plan to forge a nightmare and give it to Elizabeth II, the Queen of the United Kingdom. The nightmare consists of giants eating the children of England, the British Army fighting the giants, and Sophie appearing on her windowsill.

They head to Buckingham Palace where upon waking from her nightmare, the Queen and her maid Mary find Sophie on the windowsill as in the nightmare with the BFG outside in the palace grounds. Sophie and the BFG inform the Queen, Mary, and Mr. Tibbs that the child-eating beasts in her dream are indeed real and must be stopped at all costs before they cause any more harm to her subjects. After a large breakfast they all enjoy, the Queen soon dispatches soldiers to Giant Country.

The BFG plans to give the man-eating giants the regretful nightmare Sophie caught the night before, so they will be more compliant once caught. As she smashes the jar, they are almost all immediately consumed by guilt, but the Fleshlumpeater awakens and intercepts the nightmare before it can affect him. Despite this, the British army's helicopters effortlessly ensnare and capture him and the other giants. They are lifted away onto an isolated island where numerous snozzcumbers and a large crate of snozzcumber seeds are left with them, much to their fury.

In the aftermath, Sophie begins living in the Queen's palace with Mary while the BFG returns to Giant Country to resume giving dreams to people and begins growing a wide variety of vegetables inspired by his time in England. The film ends with Sophie narrating that whenever she feels lonely, which is less often than before, she talks to him. He can still hear her. Leaning out of her window, she says "Good Morning, BFG". At his writing desk, the BFG hears her words and smiles.


Adamthwaite, Bacon, Gibbs, Godley, Holmes, Moniz de Sa, and Ólafsson also make cameos as minor London characters. William Samples and Ruby Barnhill's father, Paul Barnhill, make cameos as the palace staff members.

Producers Frank Marshall and Kathleen Kennedy began development on a live-action adaptation of "The BFG" in 1991, and set the project up at Paramount Pictures. Husband and wife screenwriters Robin Swicord and Nicholas Kazan wrote a screenplay adaptation in 1998, with Robin Williams in negotiations for the title role. Williams attended a read-through, which according to Michael Siegel was "surprisingly disappointing". Williams' trademark improvisational style clashed with the BFG's unique language. Siegel elaborates, "He was sort of improvising on the jumbled language. And it was clunky. It was strangely not working. It was harder than it looks even for Robin. It didn't quite deliver." By 2001, the script had been rewritten by Gwyn Lurie, and was greeted with positive feedback from the Dahl estate. Terry Jones and Ed Solomon also attempted screenplay drafts. While the screenplay lingered in development hell, Paramount subsequently lost the film rights and they reverted to the Dahl estate.

In September 2011, DreamWorks acquired the film rights to the book; Kennedy and Marshall were announced to produce, with screenwriter Melissa Mathison adapting the story. Initially, John Madden was hired to direct; however, in April 2014, Steven Spielberg was announced as the director, with Madden now listed as executive producer with producer Michael Siegel. Kennedy had initially thought of Spielberg as director, but hesitated asking him until a more concrete screenplay was presentable. Spielberg stated, ""The BFG" has enchanted families and their children for more than three decades. We are honoured that the Roald Dahl estate has entrusted us with this classic story." Walden Media agreed to co-produce and co-finance the film with DreamWorks and Amblin in March 2015. A month later, Walt Disney Studios—which was under prior agreement to distribute the film through its Touchstone Pictures banner—also joined the production as a co-producer and co-financier, and shifted the film from a Touchstone release to a Walt Disney Pictures production instead. Consequently, "The BFG" is the first Disney-branded film directed by Spielberg, though he has previously produced several films for the studio. Similarly, as a result of Amblin Partners' restructuring, DreamWorks did not receive a marquee credit—placement of the studio's production logo on marketing materials and opening titles—and instead, DreamWorks' marquee credit shifted to Amblin Entertainment. The film is the second adaptation of the novel following the 1989 direct-to-television animated film. It is also Disney's first feature-length adaptation of a Roald Dahl work since 1996's "James and the Giant Peach".

Mark Rylance was cast in the film's title role in October 2014. Spielberg had approached Rylance with the role during the filming of "Bridge of Spies". Spielberg was quoted as saying that "Mark Rylance is a transformational actor. I am excited and thrilled that Mark will be making this journey with us to Giant Country. Everything about his career so far is about making the courageous choice and I'm honoured he has chosen "The BFG" as his next big screen performance." Rylance performed the character through motion capture, a process which he referred to as "liberating". In mid-November 2014, it was revealed that a ten-year-old student of Lower Peover School, Ruby Barnhill, had auditioned for the film. She had to learn six pages of dialogue in preparation for a possible role as the orphan Sophie. After a lengthy search, on December 16, Barnhill was cast in the role, about which she said, "I feel incredibly lucky and I'm so happy." Spielberg stated that they "have discovered a wonderful Sophie in Ruby Barnhill." Bill Hader was set to star in the film in an unspecified role on March 27, 2015. On April 13, 2015, the rest of the cast was announced, which included Penelope Wilton, Rebecca Hall, Jemaine Clement, Michael David Adamthwaite, Daniel Bacon, Chris Gibbs, Adam Godley, Jonathan Holmes, Paul Moniz de Sa, and Ólafur Ólafsson.

Principal photography on the film began on March 23, 2015, in Vancouver and concluded on June 12, 2015. Weta Digital worked on the film's visual effects. It is Mathison's final film following her death on November 4, 2015.

John Williams composed and conducted the film's musical score, marking the twenty-seventh collaboration between Spielberg and Williams. Williams was announced as the film's composer in March 2015. During the process of writing the score, Williams compared the film to "a child’s ballet where there are dances involved," elaborating, "The BFG tries to capture dreams with his net and does something that almost looks like a Ray Bolger or Fred Astaire dance; It is an amazingly musical and choreographic sequence which required the orchestra to do things that are more associated with musical films." Williams found similarities with the scoring of "Home Alone", admitting that writing music for "The BFG" “was really an opportunity to compose and orchestrate a little children’s fantasy for orchestra." The soundtrack was released by Walt Disney Records on July 1, 2016.

"The BFG" premiered on May 14, 2016, at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, in an out of competition screening. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the film worldwide, except for territories in Europe, Africa and the Middle East, where the film's distribution rights were sold by DreamWorks' international partner, Mister Smith Entertainment, to independent distributors.

Disney released a teaser trailer on December 9, 2015. A second trailer was released on April 5, 2016. A third trailer was released on May 16, 2016. The film held its North American premiere at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood, California on June 21, 2016. It was released in the United States on July 1, 2016. Entertainment One distributed the film in the U.K. on July 22, 2016. DreamWorks' financial partner, Reliance Entertainment, released the film in India on July 29, 2016. Huaxia Film Distribution released the film in China.

Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment released "The BFG" on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download on November 29, 2016. The film debuted in third of the home media sales chart for the week ending on December 2, 2016.

"The BFG" grossed $55.5 million in North America and $127.9 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $183.3 million, against a production budget of $140 million.

In the United States and Canada, "The BFG" opened alongside "The Legend of Tarzan" and "" at 3,357 theaters, and was projected to gross $22–32 million in its opening weekend. The film was notably vying for drawing family audiences with the studio's own "Finding Dory". It made $775,000 from its Thursday previews; however, the low figure was not surprising, given how family films tend to attract fewer audiences during late-night showings. This was followed by a $7 million opening day (including previews) and a disappointing $18.6 million opening weekend, which "Deadline Hollywood" called "an awful start for this film which is estimated to cost $140 million". "Forbes" noted that Steven Spielberg's films tend to have long runs, irrespective of their opening numbers. However, it also pointed out that the July 4th weekend proves to be a non-leggy release schedule and most films released during this time end up making only twice their holiday total over the course of their domestic theatrical run. "The New York Times" called the opening figures "a colossal misfire".

Due to the film's poor performance in North America, the film was considered a box office disappointment.
As a result of its low opening numbers in North America, the film needed greater financial success in its international markets, as pointed out by David Hollis, Disney's distribution chief, saying, "we're going to be reliant in a lot of ways on international [audiences]". Internationally—during its opening weekend—where the 4th of July weekend is not a holiday, the film opened to $3.9 million in its opening weekend from two markets, Australia and Russia. In Australia, it opened to $2 million placing third while in Russia it debuted second with $1.9 million, which tops the entire runs of "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and "War Horse". In the United Kingdom, where the book is more well known, it opened to $6.9 million.

In China, the release was handled by Huaxia Film Distribution. While it benefitted from a robust marketing effort including Spielberg's presence in the country itself, it suffered from a three month long delay after its North American release. It had an estimated $13.8 million opening, debuting at second place behind "Operation Mekong". Many Chinese online reviews criticized Spielberg for making the film "too juvenile" for adults.

"The BFG" is one of the lowest-grossing films of Spielberg's career, specifically in North America, when accounting for inflation and one of the year's biggest flops, but "The Hollywood Reporter" noted that Disney would be able to withstand the losses due to the success of "" and "Finding Dory". The site also highlighted that the financial losses for Disney could be $90–100 million based on theatrical returns alone.

On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 75% based on 292 reviews and an average rating of 6.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The BFG" minimizes the darker elements of Roald Dahl's classic in favor of a resolutely good-natured, visually stunning, and largely successful family-friendly adventure." On another aggregator, Metacritic, the film has a score of 66 out of 100 based on 47 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.

Justin Chang of "Los Angeles Times" called Rylance's performance a "brilliant amalgam of performance-capture technology and peerless screen presence." Scott Mendelson of "Forbes" described the film as "a charming, intelligent, and witty little adventure movie with strong special effects work in the service of a most unassuming story." Mendelson also commended the film's smaller scope in story, as well as Rylance and Barnhill's interaction. Robbie Collin of "The Daily Telegraph" called the film "a significant technical accomplishment", adding that "the infinitesimally detailed motion-capture technology alone, which stretches Rylance’s human performance to gargantuan proportions, is river-straddling bounds beyond anything that’s come before it." Critic Matt Zoller Seitz highly appreciated Spielberg's direction of the film, giving the film three and a half out of four stars. Seitz remarks, "I can imagine some adults finding the movie dull; 'Nothing happens', they'll say. 'And it's too nice.' But I can imagine other adults loving the film for helping them remember what it's like to be young enough to hide from a movie monster because he's big and weird-looking and then laugh because he's kind of silly..."

Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" compared the film objectively to Spielberg's "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", as a "conspicuously less captivating, magical and transporting experience than its classic forebear." Peter Debruge of "Variety", however, compared the film favorably to "E.T.", writing, "this splendid Steven Spielberg-directed adaptation makes it possible for audiences of all ages to wrap their heads around one of the unlikeliest friendships in cinema history, resulting in the sort of instant family classic “human beans” once relied upon Disney to deliver." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" praised the film's digital effects and visual style as "exquisite", though he felt that the film lacked the excitement found in Spielberg's previous fantasy films.

Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" stating that it "plays like a forced march of fun, a mandatory strain of magic and a prescribed dose of poetry, like a movie ready-made for screening in classrooms when a teacher is absent." Brody, however, observes that "Spielberg is the BFG who's menaced by bigger and more monstrous giants who aren't interested in edifying their audiences but merely in consuming them—consuming the consumer, so to speak." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called the film "technically impressive but listless and tedious... painfully cutesy, silly and gross rather than whimsical and funny." He thought that the film moved far too slowly and was missing a "sense of wonder and adventure", saying that he'd "rather see every one of Spielberg's previous films before having to sit through ""The BFG"" again". Cole Smithey described the film as a "drab affair". Giving "The BFG" one star out of five, he criticized its "creepy style of animation [and] dragging tempo".



</doc>
<doc id="43108238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43108238" title="Straight Outta Compton (film)">
Straight Outta Compton (film)

Straight Outta Compton is a 2015 American biographical drama film directed by F. Gary Gray, depicting the rise and fall of the gangsta rap group N.W.A and its members Eazy-E, Ice Cube, and Dr. Dre. The members were involved in the production, including Ice Cube and Dr. Dre as producers, as was Eazy-E's widow, Tomica Woods-Wright, while MC Ren and DJ Yella served as creative consultants. Ice Cube is played by his real-life son, O'Shea Jackson Jr., with Corey Hawkins as Dr. Dre and Jason Mitchell as Eazy-E. Paul Giamatti also stars as N.W.A's manager Jerry Heller.

Talks of an N.W.A. biopic began in 2010 by New Line Cinema. Several directors were approached, including Craig Brewer, Peter Berg and John Singleton, before Gray was confirmed in April 2012. Much of the cast signed on in June 2014 and principal photography began that August, taking place around Los Angeles and Compton, California. The production faced several controversies, including casting call issues and several acts of violence on set.

Released on August 14, 2015, "Straight Outta Compton" made over $200 million on a production budget of $50 million, was chosen by National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2015 and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay. It inspired Dr. Dre's third studio album, "Compton", which debuted at no. 2 on the US "Billboard" 200 album chart a week prior to the film's release. The soundtrack album, featuring music by N.W.A, debuted at no. 1 on the Rap Albums chart and reached no. 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Heller filed a lawsuit against the filmmakers, protesting his depiction and claiming that parts were taken from his autobiography without permission.

In Compton, California in 1986, Eazy-E is a drug dealer, Dr. Dre is an aspiring disc jockey, and Ice Cube is a young rapper. Intrigued by Ice Cube's "reality raps" reflecting on the crime, gang violence, and police harassment that they and other African Americans encounter daily, Dr. Dre convinces Eazy-E to fund a startup record label, Ruthless Records, with Dr. Dre as record producer. When their song "Boyz-n-the-Hood" is rejected by a New York rap group, Dr. Dre convinces Eazy-E to perform it instead. It becomes a local hit, and Eazy-E, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella, and MC Ren form the group N.W.A ("Niggaz Wit Attitudes").

Eazy-E accepts Jerry Heller's offer to manage N.W.A and co-run Ruthless, and Priority Records offers N.W.A a record deal. While recording their debut album, "Straight Outta Compton" (1988), the group are harassed by police due to their race and appearance, prompting Ice Cube to pen the song "Fuck tha Police". The album becomes a controversial hit due to its profanity and violent lyrics, and the group's style is dubbed gangsta rap by the press. During a 1989 concert tour, the FBI demands that N.W.A stop performing "Fuck tha Police" because it encourages violence against law enforcement. Police in Detroit forbid them from performing the song, and a riot breaks out when they perform it anyway.

Jerry delays the individual members' contracts with Ruthless, and when he insists that Ice Cube sign without legal representation, Ice Cube quits the group. His debut solo album, "AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted" (1990), becomes a hit, but when Priority Records is unable to pay him his advance on his next album, he trashes the label head's office. When N.W.A heavily insult Ice Cube on their next record, "100 Miles and Runnin'" (1990), he responds with the diss track "No Vaseline", criticizing Jerry and his former bandmates and prompting accusations of antisemitism. This, combined with his association with the Nation of Islam, outspoken criticism of the Los Angeles Police Department in the wake of the beating of Rodney King, and starring role in the 1991 film "Boyz n the Hood", make him even more famous and controversial.

Dr. Dre hires Suge Knight as his manager, through whom he learns that Jerry has been underpaying him. He leaves N.W.A to form Death Row Records with Suge, who has his men threaten Jerry and beat Eazy-E to pressure them to release Dr. Dre from his contract with Ruthless. Dr. Dre enjoys his newfound freedom and begins working with other rappers including Snoop Dogg. His debut solo album, "The Chronic" (1992), sells over five million copies, even as he becomes disturbed by Suge's violent behavior and the community is rocked by the 1992 Los Angeles riots.

Eazy-E, whose fortunes and health have declined, is devastated by the comparative success of his former bandmates. Learning that Jerry has been embezzling money from Ruthless from the beginning, he fires him and rekindles his friendships with Ice Cube and Dr. Dre, who agree to an N.W.A reunion. However, before recording can begin, Eazy-E collapses and is diagnosed with HIV/AIDS. Amid emotional visits from his bandmates, he dies on March 26, 1995 and is mourned by fans.

A year later, Dr. Dre splits from Suge Knight and Death Row to form his own label, Aftermath Entertainment. Clips shown during the film's credits highlight Ice Cube's subsequent roles as a film actor and Dr. Dre's career as a producer and entrepreneur. Several famous rappers credit Dr. Dre with helping to launch their careers, and Beats Electronics, which he co-founded, is bought by Apple Inc. in 2014 for $3 billion.


In March 2009, it was announced that the film was in development at New Line Cinema, with S. Leigh Savidge and Alan Wenkus writing, and Tomica Woods-Wright, Ice Cube, and Dr. Dre set to produce the film. In May 2010, it was announced Andrea Berloff would write a draft of the screenplay. In September 2011, John Singleton told The Playlist that he was in talks to direct the film, saying: "I can’t talk about it too prematurely about the stuff I'm doing because nothing’s come to fruition yet, but Cube and I are talking about doing the N.W.A. story. The script is really, really good, and so we're just figuring it out. New Line really wants to make it." Also in September 2011, F. Gary Gray, Craig Brewer, and Peter Berg were reportedly in talks to direct the film. In April 2012, Gray was selected as director. Gray had worked with Ice Cube on the film "Friday" and Dr. Dre on the film "Set It Off". He has also directed some of their music videos. By 2013, the film was picked up by Universal Studios, who, in December 2013, hired Jonathan Herman to write a new draft of the script and brought in Will Packer to executive produce, alongside Adam Merims, Alan Wenkus David Engel, Bill Straus, Thomas Tull and Jon Jashni.

Casting calls began in the middle of 2010. There had been rumors of Lil Eazy-E playing his late father Eazy-E, and Ice Cube's son and fellow rapper O'Shea Jackson Jr. playing his father as well. Ice Cube said of the movie, "We're taking it to the nooks and crannies, I think deeper than any other article or documentary on the group," he said. "These are the intimate conversations that helped forge N.W.A. To me, I think it's interesting to anybody who loves that era and I don't know any other movie where you can mix Gangster Rap, the F.B.I., L.A. Riots, HIV, and fucking feuding with each other. This movie has everything from Daryl Gates and the battering ram."

On February 21, 2014, director Gray announced a March 9, 2014 open casting call for the film in Gardena, California, via his Twitter account. There were also open casting calls in Atlanta and Chicago. Rapper YG auditioned to play MC Ren in the film. The project was scheduled to start filming in April 2014 but was pushed back due to casting delays.

On June 18, 2014, Universal officially announced that the N.W.A biopic "Straight Outta Compton" would be released theatrically on August 14, 2015. It was also confirmed that Ice Cube's son, O'Shea Jackson Jr., would play a younger version of his father in the film. O'Shea Jr. joined Jason Mitchell and Corey Hawkins, who portrayed group members Eazy-E and Dr. Dre, respectively. In early July 2014, casting directors for the film issued a casting call for extras and vintage cars in the Los Angeles area. The casting call release stated that filming would begin in August 2014. In July 2014, it was confirmed Aldis Hodge would portray MC Ren and Neil Brown Jr. would play DJ Yella. On August 15, 2014, Paul Giamatti joined the cast to play N.W.A's manager Jerry Heller. On August 26, 2014, Keith Stanfield joined the cast to play Snoop Dogg.

On June 16, 2015, Ice Cube revealed that a "Tupac scene" had been shot for the film. "Entertainment Weekly" reported that the role of Tupac Shakur in the film would be played by newcomer Marcc Rose, who was once rumored to be cast by John Singleton in his unmade "Tupac" biopic. Rose later reprised the role of Tupac in the first and only season of the true crime drama series "Unsolved".

On July 16, 2014, a casting call for extras for "Straight Outta Compton" was released on the Sande Alessi Casting Facebook page. The casting call was looking for African-American girls for the film using an A-D ranking scale. Though the "A girls" category was looking for "classy" women of all colors, the "B through D" categories were very explicitly linked with skin-tone. As the women get less attractive, the casting call wants the women's flesh tone to be darker, with the lowest listing calling for "African American girls. Poor, not in good shape. Medium to dark skin tone." The casting call post went viral as people expressed their outrage of what they call colorism, sexism, and racism in the categorizing of black women. A representative for Sande Alessi Casting said the ad was an "innocent mistake" and when it comes to casting "poor" people, they are also looking for women of various skin tones and body types. As for the A, B, C, D grouping system, Sande Alessi Casting says "it's the usual method [they] use to look for different types of people for any project and it wasn't meant to offend anyone."

"Straight Outta Compton" was filmed in Compton, California and Los Angeles, California. Principal photography began on location in Compton on August 5, 2014. In early September 2014, principal exterior shooting on a large post-riot set was observed on Laurel Canyon Boulevard in North Hollywood. While shooting in California, the production spent $50 million in the state and received the California Film & Television Tax Credit.

Costume designer Kelli Jones says "the script was literally changing the entire time we were shooting, I mean literally the entire time. There would be days where I would get a call on Friday and they were like ‘oh by the way we’ve moved the pool party scene to Monday’ and the pool party scene had like 400 people and I needed to get '80s bathing suits, so there wasn't a single weekend where were not working. It was insane!" Production Designer Shane Valentino says "We had 130 sets which is a "lot" of sets to try and deal with."

On August 12, 2014, TMZ reported that just seven days into filming in Compton, a drive-by shooting took place directly in front of the cast and crew members while they were on the set. A group of men standing outside the Compton Courthouse flashed gang signs at a passing car and passengers in the car opened fire on the group. No one affiliated with the film was injured, but one other person near the set was shot. Despite the incident, it was announced that filming would continue to take place as planned in the city.

On January 29, 2015, Suge Knight was involved in a hit-and-run incident that left one man dead and another hospitalized. Witnesses claim that Knight followed the men after an argument on the "Straight Outta Compton" film set to a burger stand parking lot in Compton, and that the collisions looked intentional. Security footage video was released online in early March showing Knight running over both men but which Knight's attorney said helps his client's self-defense claim. Terry Carter, co-founder (along with Ice Cube) of Heavyweight Records and a friend of Knight, was the man killed. The second victim, filmmaker Cle Sloan, suffered a mangled foot and head injuries. Knight was arrested for the incident. In October 2018, he pleaded no contest to voluntary manslaughter in the case in a Los Angeles courtroom and was sentenced to 28 years in prison.

In October 2017, transcripts from a grand jury hearing earlier in the year indicated Knight allegedly gave multiple menacing warnings to director F. Gary Gray during filming. Although Gray would testify he did not recall any calls or texts threatening his safety (a move Deputy District Attorney Cynthia Barnes referred to as intentional perjury out of fear), Knight was allegedly angry at his depiction in the film and that he was not compensated for his portrayal.

In December 2014, during a show in Sydney, Australia, Ice Cube gave concertgoers a sneak peek at a trailer for "Straight Outta Compton". When an executive producer of the film, Will Packer, was asked if Cube told him he was going to show the trailer or did he "just put it out there?", Packer responded, "Cube does what he does." He added, "Cube is the man. We back him. And I love the fact that it's out there and it's getting the response that it's getting, that's what I'll say."

On February 8, 2015, Universal released the first official trailer for "Straight Outta Compton". The red band trailer was preceded by an introduction featuring N.W.A members Dr. Dre and Ice Cube. A second global trailer for "Straight Outta Compton" was released on April 1, 2015, and was attached with theatrical screenings of Universal's "Furious 7".

On August 7, 2015, to help promote the film, Beats by Dre launched a new app through the website StraightOuttaSomewhere.com. The app allows users to create a meme by uploading a picture with the "Straight Outta" logo and fill in the blank with a location of their choice. Some people did proclaim that they were "Straight Outta" a certain city or locale, while others uploaded funny images and phrases. In under 24 hours, over 78,000 "Straight Outta" images were downloaded on social media sites and over 6 million downloads were generated before the film's opening day. Inquisitr.com proclaimed, "It’s a successful viral photo campaign that is definitely bringing attention to the movie "Straight Outta Compton"."

"Straight Outta Compton" premiered on August 10, 2015, at the entertainment complex LA Live in Los Angeles, California. An earlier report by L.A. Weekly said that the LAPD was "beefing up its presence" for the event; "The Hollywood Reporter" said that organizers had tripled security. Due to concerns surrounding the violence in the film, it was reported that movie theaters hired extra security during the film's opening weekend and Universal Studios would reimburse them. Universal denied that it would reimburse them, but would partner with theaters seeking "support". No major incidents were reported at showings during the film's opening weekend. Some critics said it was because of the extra security at some theaters, while others argued that it showed the extra security was unnecessary.

"Straight Outta Compton" was released on Digital HD on January 5, 2016, by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and on Blu-ray and DVD on January 19, 2016. The Blu-ray and DVD includes both the theatrical version and an Unrated Director's Cut, which featured 20 additional minutes of the film.

Universal Pictures announced a 4K Blu-ray release including both cuts of the film to be released on February 6, 2018.

"Straight Outta Compton" grossed $161.2 million in the United States and Canada and $40.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $201.6 million. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $91.1 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues for the film.

In the United States and Canada, the opening weekend projections were continuously revised upwards, starting from $25 million and going as high as $45 million. The film made $5 million from Thursday night shows, which began at 7 p.m. in 2,264 theaters. After its strong Thursday night showing, Universal was able to add nearly 500 theaters for the film's opening weekend. "Straight Outta Compton" made $24.1 million on its opening day, which was the fourth biggest August opening in history. It finished first at the box office in its opening weekend, earning $60.2 million from 2,757 theaters, ahead of the week's other new release "The Man from U.N.C.L.E."; 46% of its opening weekend audience was African American while 23% was Caucasian and 21% Hispanic. Its opening weekend total was the fifth-best August opening weekend of all-time, the highest in August for an R-rated film and the highest for a musical biopic. It also set the record for best opening by a film with an African American director, until it was passed by Gray's own "The Fate of the Furious" in April 2017. After a strong first full week showing ($84.7 million), Universal added the film to over 200 additional theaters. The film grossed $26.4 million in its second weekend and again finished first at the box office, ahead of the week's new releases "Sinister 2", "" and "American Ultra".

On August 27, 2015, "Straight Outta Compton" became the highest grossing musical biopic of all-time in the United States with $120.9 million, passing the 2005 Johnny Cash biopic "Walk the Line"s $119.5 million total (it was then passed itself on December 1, 2018 by "Bohemian Rhapsody"s $162 million). The film grossed $13.1 million in its third weekend and, once again, finished first at the box office ahead of the week's new releases "War Room", "No Escape" and "We Are Your Friends".

On September 18, 2015, the film's domestic gross crossed $157.5 million, surpassing Keenen Ivory Wayans' "Scary Movie" ($157 million) to become the all-time highest domestic grossing film from a black director in the United States. By September 21, 2015, the film had grossed $188 million worldwide to become the all-time highest grossing music biopic, surpassing "Walk the Line"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s $186.4 million worldwide gross, again, past itself by "Bohemian Rhapsody" in November 2018.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 88% based on 238 reviews, with an average rating of 7.33/10. The site's consensus reads, ""Straight Outta Compton" is a biopic that's built to last, thanks to F. Gary Gray's confident direction and engaging performances from a solid cast." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100, based on 41 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak-surveyed audiences gave the film a rare 5 out of 5 stars and a 75% "definite recommend".

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" awarded the film 3.5 stars out of 4, calling the film "enthralling" and "energized", praising the cast for delivering "strong, memorable work that transcends mere imitation." He called the film "one of the better musical biopics of the last 20 years." Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post", also awarding the film a 3.5/4, called it "one of the summer's most entertaining and provocative movies", finding it "surprisingly candid" about the negatives in N.W.A.'s career for a film produced by Ice Cube and Dr. Dre themselves. Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone", again giving the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, also praised the film for its honesty in its portrayal of the group and praised Jackson's performance as Ice Cube, as well as the supporting cast, finding Mitchell's Eazy-E "award-caliber". However, he did wish that the film elaborated more on the group's troubles involving misogyny, homophobia and the media. Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" found the group's musical performances to be "far and away the most appealing parts of the picture." However, he criticized the film for slowing down towards the end, particularly when it gets "ploddingly sentimental" once it focuses on the decline and death of Eazy-E.

Scott Foundas of "Variety" praised director Gray for taking familiar biopic paces and bringing a "richness of observation to the table that transcends cliche." He also praised the film for its "high but never overindulgent" style and the attention to detail in the production, ranging from the "exhaustively researched" screenplay to the "meticulous care" involved in assembling the film's soundtrack. He stated, "if "Compton" is undeniably of the moment, it’s also timeless in its depiction of how artists and writers transform the world around them into angry, profane, vibrant and singular personal expression." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" stated, ""Straight Outta Compton" at its best evokes the heady atmosphere of Crenshaw Boulevard and what the group’s success meant to Compton, and vice versa. When the songs themselves take center stage the movie works. What remains in the wings constitutes another, fuller story."

In a polarized review, Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" felt that the film attempted to take on more storylines than it could handle, also criticizing how bloated it becomes towards the end regarding Heller, though he did praise Giamatti's performance. Jordan Hoffman of "The Guardian" also criticized the film's second half for being "cheesy" and "[playing] it too safe". Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of "The A.V. Club" gave the film a C, feeling it had to rely on its timeliness for its thematic weight, and saying the film "simplifies N.W.A.’s arc to a gangster-movie knock-off about three friends from way back when who are driven apart by bad influences." Alyssa Rosenberg of "The Washington Post" noted the film's "lack of interest in process and personality" compared to the concurrently-released music biopic "Love & Mercy", writing: "it’s no contest as to which Giamatti picture is the better depiction of the actual music-making process."

According to a poll conducted by Rentrak during the film's opening weekend, audiences gave the film a full 5 out of 5 stars, a rare achievement for any film, with most box office mega-hits usually rated at between 4 or 4.5 stars in the previous Rentrak polls. The film is very popular among the female moviegoers, with 74% of the male and 76% of the female audience giving the film a definite recommend – very high marks in Rentrak. The subject matter and plot were the primary reasons given by 38% of moviegoers for coming out to see "Straight Outta Compton".

On June 10, 2015, MC Ren took to Twitter to voice his displeasure at the lack of exposure his character has in the "Straight Outta Compton" trailer, saying "Man fuck these bitches at universal pictures leaving me out the movie trailers tryin to rewrite history." and "When you have bitches work on a hip hop film that don't know shit about hip hop this is what happens. How the hell u leave me out after all". After the film's release, Ren tweeted, "True fans know my role in the group as far as lyrics are concerned, don't let the movie fool you about my contribution to the group." He later praised the filmmakers saying, "Congrats to the cast and crew. Great job of telling our story."

Despite being a founding member, Arabian Prince's contribution to the group has been ignored in the movie, and his character has a brief, uncredited cameo in the film. While going on record that he personally harbored no ill will towards the producers, Arabian Prince did note that it led to numerous inquiries and interview requests as to the possible reasons for such a revisionist approach. According to Arabian Prince, "Maybe for 50% of the [movie] scenes, I was there in real life, on stage, or in the studio. A lot of N.W.A's early music production was done with my equipment."
On August 24, 2015, Alonzo Williams referred to the film as "a great fusion of fantasy and reality", after admitting that he enjoyed the film. He disputed the accuracy of the scenes where he forbade gangsta rap from being played at his club, saying that the members of N.W.A had not started gangsta rap at that point. He also commented on the scene when Dr. Dre was bailed out of jail by Eazy-E, saying that Dr. Dre had been jailed several times for non-payment of parking fees and that he had an argument with Dre after having bailed him out of jail numerous times. When Alonzo refused to bail Dre out another time, Eazy-E bailed him out instead. Alonzo claimed that it was he who introduced Eazy-E to Jerry Heller and that contrary to how it was depicted in the movie, he was supportive of Boyz-n-the-Hood, unlike most others at the time.

On August 27, 2015, Heller reported to the "Los Angeles Times" that he had seen the film: "I'm still not willing to comment right now on that movie because I think sooner or later it may be part of an ongoing litigation."

On October 30, 2015, Heller filed a 12-claim lawsuit in the Superior Court of Los Angeles against NBCUniversal, director F. Gary Gray, Legendary Pictures, the screenwriters of the film, Ice Cube, Dr. Dre and the estate of Eazy-E. As well as protesting his depiction in the film, Heller claimed that a significant amount of the film's content had been taken from his autobiography without permission. The defendants countered with a request that Heller's defamation charges be dismissed. In December 2018, two years after Heller's death, a judge dismissed the lawsuit.

On August 17, 2015, Michel'le, Dr. Dres former girlfriend and mother of one of his children, did an exclusive interview with Vlad TV. In the interview, the former Ruthless and Death Row Records artist ponders her and Dre's abusive relationship and she states that she was aware she was not included in the "Straight Outta Compton" film. "Why would Dre put me in it? I mean 'cause if they start from where they start from I was just a quiet girlfriend who got beat up and told to shut up."

On August 18, 2015, Gawker published an editorial by Dee Barnes titled "Here's What's Missing From Straight Outta Compton: Me and the Other Women Dr. Dre Beat Up". Barnes notes that Dr. Dre had repeated instances of physical abuse to female associates during his time in N.W.A, to include the infamous January 1991 beating of Barnes in the bathroom of Po Na Na Souk nightclub. In the film, the incidents were never acknowledged. She further notes that important women from the era with close and historically important ties to N.W.A (JJ Fad, Yo Yo, Tairrie B, etc.) were absent from the film. In the end, most women portrayed in the film are partying groupies, with Barnes feeling that it could have also acknowledged the female MCs who contributed to N.W.A's and/or individual members' success. Gerrick D. Kennedy of the "Los Angeles Times" revealed the Barnes incident was originally included in an earlier version of the film's script. On August 21, 2015, Dr. Dre responded, apologizing to "the women I’ve hurt. I deeply regret what I did and know that it has forever impacted all of our lives." The next day, Apple Inc., which bought Beats Electronics for $3 billion in 2014 from Dr. Dre and made him an executive, weighed in on the abuse allegations to offer their support to Dre. Apple said in a statement, "Dre has apologized for the mistakes he's made in the past and he's said that he's not the same person that he was 25 years ago."

On August 26, 2015, Randall Roberts of the "Los Angeles Times" criticized the film for leaving out the story of the all female rap group J. J. Fad and how some in the media claim the group was responsible for "forging a path for the breakout success of N.W.A."

The film received numerous award nominations, including one for Best Original Screenplay at the Oscars.

On August 7, 2015, Dr. Dre released the album "" exclusively on Apple Music and the iTunes Store at first, then later released on other digital music platforms and in CD and vinyl form. Though not an official soundtrack to the film "Straight Outta Compton", Dr. Dre said this album would be "inspired by the movie," Dre said on The Pharmacy, his radio show on Beats 1, that during principal photography of "Straight Outta Compton", "I felt myself going to the studio and being so inspired by the movie that I started recording an album." He added, "It's an 'inspired by' album. It's inspired by "Straight Outta Compton"." Part of "Straight Outta Compton's" successful opening has been attributed to "Compton: A Soundtrack", Dr. Dre's first collection of original music since his 1999's "2001" album, which was released a week prior to the film's premiere and debuted at No. 2 on the US "Billboard" 200 charts and No. 1 on the iTunes charts. Dr. Dre says he will donate royalties from his new album to the city of Compton for a new performing arts facility.

An official soundtrack album to the film, entitled "", was released on January 8, 2016, by Universal Music Enterprises. It features songs mainly by N.W.A, but also Ice Cube, Eazy-E, Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Dogg and others.




</doc>
<doc id="43114796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43114796" title="Accident (2013 film)">
Accident (2013 film)

Accident is a 2013 Nigerian thriller drama film produced and directed by Teco Benson and starring Kalu Ikeagwu and Chioma Chukwuka. It won the Best Nigerian Film award at the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards. It also has 3 nominations at the 2014 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. Its story revolves around the life of a female lawyer who is approached by a client seeking divorce with low-sexual satisfaction from partner as reasons. An unexpected event occur leading to several consequences.




</doc>
<doc id="43117078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43117078" title="Bridge of Spies (film)">
Bridge of Spies (film)

Bridge of Spies is a 2015 historical drama film directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg, written by Matt Charman and the Coen brothers, and starring Tom Hanks, Mark Rylance, Amy Ryan, and Alan Alda. Set during the Cold War, the film tells the story of lawyer James B. Donovan, who is entrusted with negotiating the release of Francis Gary Powers—a U.S. Air Force pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union in 1960—in exchange for Rudolf Abel, a convicted Soviet KGB spy held under the custody of the United States, whom he represented at trial. The name of the film refers to the Glienicke Bridge, which connects Potsdam with Berlin, where the prisoner exchange took place. The film was an international co-production of the United States and Germany.

"Bridge of Spies" was shot under the working title of "St. James Place". Principal photography began on September 8, 2014, in Brooklyn, New York City, and the production proceeded at Babelsberg Studios in Potsdam. The film was released by Touchstone Pictures on October 16, 2015, in the United States and distributed by 20th Century Fox in other countries. It was a box office success, grossing $165 million worldwide, and was praised for its screenplay, Hanks and Rylance's performances, Spielberg's direction, musical score, and production values. The film received six Academy Award nominations including Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay, and won Best Supporting Actor for Rylance.

In 1957 New York City, Rudolf Abel is arrested and charged with spying for the Soviet Union. Insurance lawyer James B. Donovan is appointed to defend Abel, so that Abel's trial will be seen as fair. Committed to the principle that the accused deserves a vigorous defense, he mounts the best defense of Abel he can, declining along the way to cooperate in the CIA's attempts to induce him to violate the confidentiality of his communications with his client.

Abel is convicted, but Donovan convinces the judge to spare Abel the death penalty because Abel had been serving his country honorably, and he might prove useful for a future prisoner exchange; Abel is sentenced to 30 years. Donovan appeals the conviction to the Supreme Court based on the lack of a search warrant for the seizure of Abel's ciphers and photography equipment. For his principled stand Donovan and his family are harassed, including shots being fired at their home. The conviction is upheld.

In 1960, Gary Powers, a pilot in the CIA's top secret U-2 spy plane program, is shot down over the USSR. He is captured and sentenced in a show trial to ten years confinement, including three years in prison.

Donovan receives a letter from East Germany, purportedly sent by Abel's wife, thanking him and urging him to get in contact with their lawyer, whose name is Vogel. The CIA think this is a back-channel message hinting that the USSR is willing to swap Powers for Abel. They unofficially ask Donovan to go to Berlin to negotiate the exchange; he arrives just as the Berlin Wall is going up. Crossing in to East Berlin, he meets with a KGB officer in the Soviet Embassy and is then directed to Vogel, who represents the Attorney General of the German Democratic Republic (GDR) (East Germany). The Attorney General seeks to swap Abel for an American graduate student named Frederic Pryor, who had been arrested in East Germany; in the process the GDR hopes to gain official recognition by the United States.

The CIA wants Donovan to disregard Pryor but he insists that both Pryor and Powers be swapped for Abel. In a message to the Attorney General he bluffs that they will either release Pryor with Powers or there will be no deal. The exchange of Powers and Abel takes place at the Glienicke Bridge, with Pryor to be released simultaneously at Checkpoint Charlie. Tension builds as Pryor fails to arrive. The CIA, still primarily concerned with Powers, tell Abel he can go, but he refuses to move. It is confirmed that Pryor has been released, and the exchange takes place.

The next day, back in the United States, the government publicly acknowledges Donovan for negotiating the deal that rehabilitates his public image.

"Bridge of Spies " is an American-German co-production based on a script written by the Coen brothers and Matt Charman. Studio Babelsberg co-produced and oversaw production services for the film. James Donovan wrote an account of the incident in 1964 under the title "Strangers on a Bridge: The Case of Colonel Abel and Francis Gary Powers". The historical background to the U-2 incident and the story of former West Berlin CIA chief William King Harvey and Operation Gold was published in Rory MacLean's "Berlin: Portrait of a City Through the Centuries" (2014). Soviet intelligence officer Rudolf Abel, who lived and operated in Brooklyn Heights, did dead drops of stolen documents in Prospect Park. His arrest and history were discussed by Truman Capote, another Heights resident at the time, in his book "".

Charman became interested in Donovan's story after reading a footnote about him in "An Unfinished Life: John F. Kennedy, 1917–1963". After meeting with Donovan's son in New York City, Charman pitched the story to several studios and DreamWorks bought it. Studio co-founder Steven Spielberg became interested in the film and decided to direct. Marc Platt and Kristie Macosko Krieger attached themselves as producers along with Spielberg. Joel and Ethan Coen revised Charman's original script. According to Charman, the brothers "were able to really punch up the negotiations on the back end of the movie, then they handed the baton back to me to do a pass after they did their pass, to make the movie just sit in a place we all wanted it to. The flavor they brought is so fun and enjoyable. It needed to be entertaining but truthful."

In May 2014, it was announced that Tom Hanks would star as James Donovan, with Mark Rylance co-starring as Abel. Amy Ryan, Alan Alda, Billy Magnussen, and Eve Hewson were reported to star in the film as well. Participant Media co-produced the film. Francis Gary Powers, Jr., founder of The Cold War Museum and the pilot's son, was brought on as a technical consultant and has a cameo in the film.

In June 2014, Fox 2000 Pictures agreed to co-finance the film with DreamWorks and Participant Media, with the film's distribution rights being divided between Disney and Fox. During a March 3, 2015, interview with "The Daily Pennsylvanian", Platt revealed the title to be "Bridge of Spies"; it was shot under the working title of "St. James Place". The film also received funds of €3.7 million, from the German Federal Film Fund (DFFF).

Principal photography began on September 8, 2014, in Brooklyn, New York City. On September 14, filming took place in DUMBO, a Brooklyn neighborhood, where crews transformed Anchorage Street to appear as it did in the 1960s. On September 15, filming took place in Astoria, between Astoria Park and Ditmars Boulevard. Filming was done on 18 Street and 26 Avenue in Astoria, where Spielberg was spotted transforming the 5 Corners Deli into a 1950s grocery store. On September 26, filming took place on 44th Street in Manhattan, as evidenced by crews stationed on 44th Street, between Madison and 6th Avenues. On September 27, Hanks was spotted filming scenes on Wall Street among extras wearing 1960s costumes. On September 28, filming of some day and night scenes took place on the corner of Henry Street and Love Lane in the Brooklyn Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn, where the block was set with vintage cars, street signs, rain machines, and spotlights. On September 29, filming took place on Hicks Street and Pineapple Street, where a shop, Perfect Paws, was transformed into a 1960s dress shop named Brooklyn Pearl, and at the NYS Appellate Division courthouse on Monroe Place and Pierrepont Street. On October 6, Hanks and the crew were spotted on the same location on Hicks Street. The scene in the Court hallway in which Hanks, to Alda's consternation, announces his intention to appeal the guilty verdict, was filmed on the first floor on the Queens County Supreme Courthouse at 88–11 Sutphin Blvd., Jamaica, New York.

In early October, after filming wrapped in New York City, further production began at Babelsberg Studios in Berlin and Potsdam, Germany, and would last there through the end of November. Filming in Berlin began with shooting at the former Tempelhof Airport in October, for scenes that actually took place there, such as Donovan's descending from an historic C-54 Skymaster. The prisoner exchange scene was filmed on the Glienicke Bridge (the so-called "Bridge of Spies"), where the historical exchange actually took place in 1962. The bridge spans the Havel narrows between Berlin and Potsdam, and was closed to traffic for filming over the last weekend of November. German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited the set to watch the filming of these scenes. Principal photography officially ended on December 4, at Berlin Tempelhof. Shooting also took place in Wrocław, Poland, in the second half of November. During mid-December, filming took place at Beale Air Force Base, located near Marysville, California. The film was shot on 35mm motion picture film, including Kodak Vision3 250D Color Negative Film 5207 and Vision3 500T Color Negative Film 5219.

"Bridge of Spies" is based on the real-life events. The film, however, departs from the historical record, though reviewers have praised the film and argued that such departures are permissible. Commentators have noted that the shortening of timespans in the film at times gives a misleading impression. One key example is the depiction of the Berlin Wall. Donovan did not see Berlin wall escapees being shot; the shootings most similar to the ones depicted were those associated with the killing of Peter Fechter that happened the summer "after" the Powers/Abel exchange on the Glienicke Bridge. Similarly, the circumstances of Frederic Pryor's detention were not accurately portrayed – he could not have crossed a partially built wall, and further, was convicted of obtaining "confidential" material.

Apart from the depiction of the Wall, it is notable that Donovan did not suffer quite the extent of violence depicted: he was not shot at in his home, and he did not have his overcoat stolen. The film also changed the location of Donovan's suggestion to the judge to spare Abel for the sake of a possible future exchange, which was in fact made in open court.

Donovan is presented in the film as a private practice attorney with little connection to the government or the intelligence community. In reality however, during WWII Donovan served as the general counsel of the OSS, shortly before it was re-organized as the CIA.

Abel, an English-born Soviet intelligence officer (whose real name was William G. Fisher) most likely did his best work for the Soviet Union not as a spy in a dishevelled New York City lair full of radio gear, but before and during World War II, when he trained agents and radio operators for clandestine work in German-occupied regions. This training is thought to have been critical to what his mentor, Pavel Sudoplatov, later called one of the most important radio deception operations of the war.

There was some controversy over Rylance's decision to portray Abel with a Scottish accent, despite Abel having been born and educated entirely within the Tyneside region of England which has its own distinctive accent.

Frederic Pryor stated in an interview that various details of the plot related to his involvement were incorrect. He did not cross the Berlin wall during its construction, as he was on vacation in Denmark at the time. He was detained after his return, when he crossed into East Berlin to visit a friend's sister; she had fled to West Berlin using "some sort of passport manipulation", and her apartment was under surveillance to catch anyone attempting to retrieve its contents. Pryor also stated that the film's depiction of Wolfgang Vogel was unfair.

The film depicts the shooting down of Powers' U2 plane as occurring after a single volley of three SAMs, however, more than 14 were launched. A MiG-19 fighter that was scrambled to intercept the plane was also shot down by friendly fire during this salvo, killing the pilot Sergei Safronov.

The visual blog "Information is Beautiful" deduced that, while taking creative licence into account, the film was 88.8% accurate when compared to real-life events, summarizing it as "pretty damn truthful, reflecting a general trend in Hollywood towards more historically accurate tales".

The theatrical poster for the film was released on June 4, 2015, with the first trailer appearing online the following day. It was distributed in North America by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, through the Touchstone Pictures banner. Disney held the film's world premiere on October 4, 2015 at the 53rd annual New York Film Festival. The film went into general theatrical release in the United States on October 16, 2015. 20th Century Fox distributed the film in the remaining international territories.

The film was released by Touchstone Home Entertainment on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download in North America on February 2, 2016 and by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment in other territories.

"Bridge of Spies" grossed $72.3 million in North America and $93.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $165.6 million, against a budget of $40 million.

In the United States and Canada, pre-release tracking predicted "Bridge of Spies" to open to around $15–20 million from 2,811 theaters. The film opened alongside "Goosebumps", "Crimson Peak", and "Woodlawn" on October 16, 2015, facing particular competition from the former, and also from "The Martian", which was entering its third week. The film made $500,000 from its early Thursday night showings and $5.3 million on its first day. In its opening weekend, the film grossed $15.4 million, finishing third at the box office behind "Goosebumps" ($23.5 million) and "The Martian" ($21.5 million). Its biggest international markets have been Italy ($12.1 million) and United Kingdom (11.0 million).

"Bridge of Spies" received critical acclaim. Richard Roeper of "Chicago Sun Times" gave the film four out of four stars and praised Spielberg's direction, saying: "Spielberg has taken an important but largely forgotten, and hardly action-packed slice of the Cold War, and turned it into a gripping character study, and thriller that feels a bit like a John Le Carre adaptation if Frank Capra were at the controls". Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" called the film a "a confident, slightly square, highly satisfying example of old-school Hollywood craftsmanship, starring a major movie star brandishing a briefcase, and a handkerchief, rather than a pistol". "The A.V. Club's" Ignatiy Vishnevetsky described it as "one of the most handsome movies of Spielberg's latter-day phase, and possibly the most eloquent [...] "Bridge of Spies" turns a secret prisoner exchange between the CIA and the KGB into a tense and often disarmingly funny cat-and-mouse game".

On the other hand, Mike Scott of "New Orleans Times-Picayune", had a more mixed reaction, saying: ""Bridge of Spies", with its stop-and-go momentum, is also more merely interesting than it is full-on riveting. It's still quite good stuff, but despite its impressive pedigree... it doesn't feel as if it's quite the sum of all of its parts". Preston Jones of "Fort Worth Star-Telegram" gave the film 2 and a half stars out of five. Jones wrote that "For all Spielberg, his star-packed cast, led by Tom Hanks, and his on-screen and off-screen team (Joel and Ethan Coen co-wrote the screenplay) bring to the table, "Bridge of Spies" is remarkable only for how stuffy and surprisingly inert the film becomes".

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 91%, based on 283 reviews, with an average rating of 7.7/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Bridge of Spies" finds new life in Hollywood's classic Cold War espionage thriller formula, thanks to reliably outstanding work from Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks". On Metacritic, the film has a score of 81 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.

Frequent Spielberg collaborator John Williams was originally announced to compose the film's score. However, Williams had to drop out of production due to a health issue. Per a suggestion by Williams, Thomas Newman was then contacted by Spielberg to replace him, marking Spielberg's first film without Williams' music since 1985's "The Color Purple", which was scored by Quincy Jones. Hollywood Records released the film's soundtrack on October 16, 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="43121835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43121835" title="The Haunting of Helena">
The Haunting of Helena

The Haunting of Helena (also known as Fairy Tale in other countries) is a 2012 Italian supernatural horror film, written and directed by Christian Bisceglia and filmed in Italy. The film stars Harriet MacMasters-Green and Sabrina Jolie Perez.

The film was released as part of the Bloody Disgusting Selects line.

Sophia is a recently divorced college professor who lives in Italy with her daughter Helena. The two of them are in a car accident on the same day that Helena loses her first tooth, and soon afterwards Helena begins to report strange visions to her mother. Investigating the history of the apartment in which they live, Sophia discovers that during the rule of Mussolini's Fascist party, the man who lived there brutally tortured his wife by removing her teeth and locking her in a closet to die. Helena begins speaking to an invisible apparition in the closet, and later begins buying teeth from other children at school, saying that she needs to give them to the tooth fairy. A teacher from her school investigates this cruel and unusual behaviour, only to be attacked by a swarm of mosquitoes and killed. After ignoring a warning to leave the apartment from the elderly man who lives upstairs, they are attacked by the toothless ghost of the woman who died there. Sophia throws the teeth at her and they escape while she attempts to insert them into her mouth.

Eighteen months later, Helena has been institutionalized and is completely nonverbal. Her father has returned to Italy, and believes that Sophia is no longer capable of looking after her. While Helena is alone in her room, bloody teeth begin to rain from the ceiling, only to vanish moments later. The door to the closet in which the woman died begins to appear in other locations, and when Helena's father opens it he is consumed by a swarm of mosquitoes and killed. The doctors at the institution begin to question Sophia's fitness as a parent as her behaviour becomes increasingly erratic, and the pressure on her intensifies when her dead ex-husband's bloody teeth are found in Helena's locker. She begins to have visions of the murderer standing at the window of the abandoned psychiatric wing of the institution, and goes to investigate it.

Locating the murderer's file, Sophia is able to piece the evidence together and discover the hiding place of the dead woman's teeth. When the closet door appears to her again she throws them in, believing that it will satisfy the spirit. Helena immediately begins to speak again, and it appears that the haunting has come to an end. When she views a recorded interview with the murderer, however, she discovers that his wife was a serial killer who preyed upon children, eating the flesh from their faces, and he killed her in order to stop her from killing others. It is revealed that the elderly man who tried to warn Sophia witnessed her crimes as a child. Running through the institution, she comes across a patient whose face has been mauled, and he tells her that the ogre has her teeth once more. Reaching Helena's room, she walks in, then slowly backs out. She finally collapses and screams in horror.

Some time later, Sophia is a patient at the same institution. She is shown sitting on a bench, looking up at the abandoned psychiatric wing. Helena's ghost is now standing at the window along with the dead woman's husband, trapped in place with half of her face missing.

"The Haunting of Helena" has received primarily negative reviews, most of which have focused on the movie's cliched plot line and the poor acting ability of both leads. Chuck Bowen of "Slate" described the film as being so close to the work of Guillermo del Toro that "he could almost reasonably consider filing a plagiarism suit against "The Haunting of Helena's" producers," while Bill Goodykoontz of "The Arizona Republic" stated that it "chugs along pretty well until the plot holes begin to pile up." "Yell! Magazine" gave "The Haunting of Helena" 2.5 stars, stating that it had a few redeeming qualities, especially the final twist, but that overall the film "had too many issues to fall in love with it."


</doc>
<doc id="43122292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43122292" title="For No Good Reason">
For No Good Reason

For No Good Reason is a 2012 American-British documentary film about Ralph Steadman, directed by Charlie Paul. The film was in competition for the Grierson Award for Best Documentary at the 2012 BFI London Film Festival.

It premiered at the 2012 London Film Festival, and was released in 2014 in the United States.




</doc>
<doc id="43123344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43123344" title="Necropolis (film)">
Necropolis (film)

Necropolis is a 1970 Italian-British fantasy horror film directed by Franco Brocani. A dissertation on human evil through the ages, it is considered a cult film, and it was referred to as "a fusion between an Andy Warhol-style improvisation and an ambitious, esoteric subtext that summons all the Western counterculture of the time".

There isn't a plot, as such.

"Time Out" praised the film, commending the film's range, score, and Brocani's "contemplative" approach to the material.



</doc>
<doc id="43123901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43123901" title="The Intern (2015 film)">
The Intern (2015 film)

The Intern is a 2015 American comedy film directed, written and produced by Nancy Meyers. The film stars Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway and Rene Russo, with supporting performances from Anders Holm, Andrew Rannells, Adam DeVine and Zack Pearlman. The plot follows a 70-year-old widower who becomes a senior intern at an online fashion website. The film was released on September 25, 2015, by Warner Bros., received positive reviews from critics and grossed $194 million worldwide. Many critics praised De Niro's performance in particular, especially Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times", who wrote "[De Niro] owns the movie from the moment he opens his mouth", and that the film was "frothy, playful, homogeneous, routinely maddening and generally pretty irresistible."

Seventy-year-old widower Ben Whittaker, a retired executive from DEX One, applies to a senior citizen intern program, after retirement has become too boring for him. He applies to About The Fit, a fast-growing e-commerce fashion startup in Brooklyn. Founder and CEO Jules Ostin had previously agreed to a community outreach program where seniors would intern at the firm. Ben impresses everyone and is one of four hired.

Ben is assigned to work with Jules, who is somewhat skeptical at first. Initially frozen out by her, Ben slowly wins over co-workers with his congeniality and gets into Jules's good graces. Ben heads to work one day extra early to organize a messy desk that Jules had complained about previously. After work, Ben notices Jules's chauffeur drinking, convinces the driver to leave and drives Jules home himself, a role he retains in days to come.

Ben eventually reveals that he once worked in the very same building where About The Fit is now based. He develops a romantic relationship with the in-house massage therapist, Fiona, and becomes something of a father figure to several of the younger workers: by offering advice about issues such as love, clothes sense and work/life balance. He provides another with a place to stay at his brownstone after his colleague is evicted by his parents. Ben becomes very committed to Jules, and even breaks into the house of Jules' mother to delete an embarrassingly scathing email, narrowly avoiding getting arrested in the process. Ben also gets to know Jules' family. Her husband, Matt, gave up his own career to be a stay-at-home dad to their daughter, Paige (JoJo Kushner), when About The Fit started to take off. However, their marriage is slowly breaking apart as the couple grows more distant.

Meanwhile, Jules is under pressure to give up her post of CEO to someone outside of the company as her investors feel that she is unable to cope with the workload, having grown About The Fit from a startup founded in her kitchen to a 220-employee juggernaut in only eighteen months. Believing it will give her more time at home with her family, Jules is willing to consider the proposal. When driving Paige home from a party, Ben discovers that Matt is having an affair with another parent at Paige's school. While on a business trip in San Francisco to interview a potential CEO candidate, Jules reveals that she knows about Matt's cheating, but did not confront Matt about it because she was not ready to deal with it.

In an effort to buy herself time to save her marriage, Jules decides to hire a prospective CEO. When Jules goes to Ben's home the next day, Ben greatly encourages Jules to think about how much this will change her authority and how her creativity may be hindered and also reminds her of her passion for her company. Matt unexpectedly drops in at the office and urges her to reconsider, saying that he is sorry, ashamed, and wants to support her in her dreams. Jules goes out looking for Ben, wanting to tell him that she has changed her mind and finds him enjoying his Tai Chi exercise group. She finally lets herself relax and joins him.

Originally set up at Paramount Pictures, "The Intern" was planned to feature Tina Fey and Michael Caine in the lead roles. Handed over to Warner Bros., Fey was replaced by Reese Witherspoon as the attached star, though Witherspoon left the film on January 15, 2014, due to scheduling conflicts. On February 7, 2014, Anne Hathaway was in final talks to replace Witherspoon in the lead role. Stephen Goldblatt was set as director of photography. On June 23, 2014, Zack Pearlman joined the cast of the film.

Principal photography began on June 23, 2014, in Brooklyn, New York City, where De Niro was spotted on the set of the film. Filming was completed on September 29, 2014.

The first trailer was released on May 13, 2015, and was later attached to showings of "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl", "Pitch Perfect 2", and "Paper Towns". On August 3, 2015, another trailer was released.

"The Intern" grossed $75.7 million in North America and $118.8 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $194.6 million, against a net production budget of $35 million.

The film opened alongside "Hotel Transylvania 2" and was projected to gross $15–20  million in its opening weekend. It grossed $17.7 million, finishing second at the box office behind "Hotel Transylvania 2" ($48.5 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 60% based on 174 reviews, with an average rating of 5.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Intern" doesn't do enough with its timely premise, but benefits from the unorthodox chemistry of its talented leads." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 51 out of 100, based on 36 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.

Richard Roeper of "The Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film an "A–", stating, "With some genuinely insightful dialogue, a number of truly funny bits of physical business, and small scenes allowing us to get know and like a half-dozen supporting players, "The Intern" grows on us from scene to scene, from moment to moment."

Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" wrote that the film was similar to Meyers's other works, stating that it was "frothy, playful, homogeneous, routinely maddening and generally pretty irresistible." Despite criticizing Meyers's screenplay and "conflicted ideas about powerful women," Dargis praised the casting of De Niro, stating he "owns the movie from the moment he opens his mouth." Hathaway's role was derided as "less of a character and more of a fast-walking, speed-talking collection of gender grievances."

Director Quentin Tarantino viewed the film as Oscar-worthy, stating “It does seem to be to some degree there’s a boom or bust aspect when it comes to Hollywood when it comes to female directors. There becomes an era when there’s a lot working then that settles down and there’s a dry period—but frankly, maybe I’m just talking shit because the thing is there are female directors. Maybe they’re not being the ones that are being asked to be on "The Hollywood Reporter" roundtable. One of my favorite movies this last year was Nancy Meyers’ "The Intern". They’re not considering that for the Oscars even though I think Robert De Niro gave one of the best performances this year in that movie. I thought the script was actually one of her best. Right up there with "It's Complicated". They’re not asking her to be part of the discussion.” Similarly, Clem Bastow, writing for "The Guardian", suggested that poor reviews for the film were primarily coming from men, who form the overwhelming majority of film critics.

The film was well-received by audiences, receiving a rating of 74% on Rotten Tomatoes, 6.7 on Metacritic, 7.1 on IMDb, and an average grade of "A-" on an A+ to F scale from CinemaScore.
Rishi Kapoor and Deepika Padukone will star in the Indian adaptation of "The Intern" in 2021.The project was announced on 27th January 2020..



</doc>
<doc id="43124070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43124070" title="Don't Hang Up (film)">
Don't Hang Up (film)

Don't Hang Up is a 2016 British horror-thriller film written by Joe Johnson and directed by Alexis Wajsbrot and Damien Macé. The film stars Gregg Sulkin, Garrett Clayton, Sienna Guillory, and Bella Dayne. The film had its world premiere on 4 June 2016 at the Los Angeles Film Festival and was released in theaters in the United States on 10 February 2017.

Teenage pranksters Brady Mannion, Sam Fuller, Jeff Mosley, and Roy, a.k.a. “PrankMonkey69”, successfully convince Mrs. Kolbein that an intruder is in her house and her daughter is in danger. The video of the prank phone call goes viral and the boys become well known on YouTube.

With Sam alone at home for the weekend, Brady comes over and the two of them make more prank phone calls. One of their pranks involves ordering a pizza for Sam's neighbor Larry. Jeff, who delivers the pizza from the shop where he works with Peyton, becomes upset with his friends for involving him in the prank.

A mysterious man who identifies himself as Mr. Lee begins repeatedly calling the boys, insisting that they do not hang up on him. Sam and Brady are initially indifferent until Mr. Lee reveals that he knows their names, addresses, and intimate details of their lives. Peyton delivers a pizza that Sam and Brady didn't order. Peyton reveals that Jeff disappeared after his earlier delivery. Sam and Peyton have an uncomfortable conversation about their relationship before Peyton leaves. Mr. Lee begins texting Sam and Brady in addition to calling. Video footage he sends them reveals that Mr. Lee is holding Brady's parents hostage at the Mannion residence. Mr. Lee prevents the boys from calling 911 by hijacking their cell phone lines. He also takes control of the house's electrical power. A video feed shows the masked Mr. Lee suffocating Roy to death with a plastic bag tied around his head. Sam finds Jeff similarly bound with a plastic bag and tied to the back door. Jeff dies soon after Sam cuts him loose.

While Sam is away, Mr. Lee makes Brady an offer to kill Sam in exchange for his parents' freedom. Mr. Lee sends footage showing that he captured Peyton. Sam deduces that Brady had a private conversation with Mr. Lee, leading to a fight between the two. Brady is knocked unconscious. Mr. Lee shows Sam live footage of Peyton held prisoner. He promises to let Peyton go if Sam kills Brady. Sam restrains Brady by securing his wrist to the banister with a zip tie to prevent him from leaving. A clue of a child's image and the name Izzy leads Sam to check a previously ignored social media friend request. The Izzy account reveals that Mr. Lee had been stalking the pranksters for over a year. Sam also finds a sex video revealing that Brady had been sleeping with Peyton. Sam beats Brady again. Sam notices from a clock in the background that the video of Brady's parents is two hours behind the current time. Sam frees Brady. New video shows that Mr. Lee already killed Brady's parents. Believing that Peyton is probably dead too, the boys plan to escape and contact authorities. However, once Sam is outside, Brady locks the front door and remains behind. Sam finds a surveillance van outside in the rain. Inside the van, Sam finds Peyton and rescues her. Back in the house, Brady steps over Jeff's covered body to go out the back door. In the backyard, Brady finds Jeff's real body. Brady realizes that Mr. Lee switched places with Jeff and hid in the house. Mr. Lee catches Brady off guard and attacks him.

Sam has Peyton go for help while he looks for Brady. Sam follows Peyton's screams to the backyard. A masked man suddenly lunges at Sam and Sam stabs him. The man turns out to be Brady, tied up and gagged to look like Mr. Lee in a mask so that Sam would kill him by mistake. With Sam and Peyton defeated, Mr. Lee shows up and explains his actions. When the four boys previously called Mrs. Kolbein, she dropped her phone and didn't hear the revelation that she had been pranked. Still convinced that there was an intruder in the house, Mrs. Kolbein grabbed a gun and accidentally shot her daughter Izzy. Upon realizing what she had done, Mrs. Kolbein killed herself. It's implied that Mrs. Kolbein and the young girl were Mr. Lee's wife and daughter, and he wanted to avenge their deaths. Mr. Lee knocks Sam unconscious.

When Sam wakes up, he finds Peyton shot in the head. Holding a knife in one hand and a gun in the other, Sam is arrested by the police arriving at the scene. Mr. Lee successfully framed Sam for killing Peyton and Brady out of jealousy, as well as the other murders.

In the epilogue, Mr. Lee begins targeting a new teen prankster.

The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 30% approval rating with an average rating of 4/10 based on 16 reviews.




</doc>
<doc id="43126315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43126315" title="Petals on the Wind (film)">
Petals on the Wind (film)

Petals on the Wind is a 2014 Lifetime movie sequel to the 2014 adaptation "Flowers in the Attic", starring Heather Graham, Rose McIver, Wyatt Nash, Bailey Buntain and Ellen Burstyn. It is based on V. C. Andrews’ 1980 novel of the same name, the second novel on the Dollanganger series. The film follows the surviving Dollanganger children—Cathy, Chris and Carrie—ten years after escaping the attic. Despite attempting to move on with their lives, after multiple failed attempts and tragedies occur, Cathy decides it's time to take revenge on her mother.

Lifetime first announced the film shortly before "Flowers in the Attic" was released. The network announced on the premiere of the movie the developing of the following books of the Dollanganger series, "If There Be Thorns" and "Seeds of Yesterday", both of which aired in 2015.

The film received a positive response from critics.

Ten years after escaping from Foxworth Hall, the surviving Dollanganger children—Cathy, Chris, and Carrie—attend the funeral of their adoptive father, Paul Sheffield, who took them in. They are still traumatized by their grandmother's abuse and their mother's betrayal, which led to the death of Carrie's twin, Cory. Meanwhile, their grandmother, Olivia, is an invalid after having suffered a stroke a couple of years prior. Corrine has avoided all contact with her children and begins to renovate Foxworth Hall so she can take full ownership of the mansion.

Cathy has become an aspiring ballet dancer, Chris is in medical school, and Carrie is enrolled in an elite high school, but is constantly bullied for her small size. Cathy meets and is attracted to Julian Marquet, a fellow dancer. On their first date, he invites her to go to New York with him to try for a leading role in "Romeo and Juliet", which she accepts. Later that night, Cathy and Chris admit that they still have feelings for each other and give in to their passion, making love. However, Cathy insists they must find others to love and live normal lives. The conversation reveals that Cathy was pregnant with Chris' child, conceived from their first sexual encounter while they were imprisoned, but miscarried. Although Chris says he can never love anyone but her, Cathy leaves for New York with Julian the next day with hopes of starting afresh with him.

Chris begins a relationship with Sarah Reeves, the daughter of his boss at the hospital where he works. Cathy's relationship with Julian quickly deteriorates as he shows a dark and abusive side. When she attempts to leave, Julian threatens to kill her and Chris. He drops her during ballet try-outs and injures her leg, ruining her chance of getting her desired role. She manages to sneak away to see Chris graduate from medical school but denies anything is wrong when he sees her black eye. Cathy returns to Julian after he shows regret for having abused her and helps her get the role of Juliet by putting glass in the original dancer's shoes. Cathy agrees to let Carrie stay with her and Julian to escape the relentless bullying at school. During the ballet, Chris catches Julian touching Carrie and a violent confrontation ensues. Julian drives off and Cathy goes with him. Cathy reveals she is pregnant with Julian's child, which causes an already erratically driving Julian to have an accident. Julian dies and Cathy is injured, but alive. Ten months later, after the birth of her son, Jory, Cathy opens her own ballet school.

Carrie meets and falls in love with a local minister named Alex, who proposes. Carrie is unsure about being a minister's wife, recalling their grandmother's statement that all ministers are evil, but Cathy tells her to forget the past and look towards the future. Carrie encounters Corrine at a charity gathering and invites her to the wedding, but Corrine denies Carrie as her daughter. The next morning, Cathy and Chris find that Carrie has committed suicide by consuming poison-laced doughnuts (the same technique that was used to kill her twin). Cathy vows revenge on their murdering mother, despite Chris warily trying to talk her out of it. She hires Corrine's husband Bart Winslow as her attorney, under the guise of reviving the Sheffield estate, with the intent of seducing him. Bart is instantly attracted to her and they begin an affair.

Pressured by his boss, Chris proposes to Sarah and she accepts. However, the day before the wedding, Chris admits to Cathy he still loves her and doesn't want to marry Sarah. Cathy tells him that while she still does love him, she wants him to move on with his life, as their relationship can't lead to anything. Despite this, the two irresistibly end up sharing a passionate kiss. Sarah walks in and, horrified, ends her engagement with Chris, who is fired from his job as rumors of the incestuous relationship spread.

Chris asks Cathy to bring Jory and start a new life with him in California, where no one will know them. However, Cathy reveals that she is pregnant with Bart's child and intends to finish what she started. Chris decides to go with her to finally confront their mother and they sneak into Foxworth Hall on the day of Corrine's Christmas party. Cathy encounters her grandmother and confronts her about her religious hypocrisy and abuse towards her and her siblings. Undeterred, Olivia tells her that while she can abandon the family she will nevertheless forever be "the devil's spawn." During the party, Cathy reveals her identity and her mother's crimes to the stunned guests. Corrine initially denies everything, but Bart is suspicious and Olivia refuses to defend her. Corrine finally admits to everything, but insists she never intended to kill Cory or have the children put in the attic, defending her actions on the basis that her father would have rejected her and left all of them out of his will. Cathy then publicly reveals her pregnancy caused by Bart.

Corrine blames Olivia for forcing her to put the children in the attic. Olivia counters that the children are abominations and didn't deserve to be born. She gives Corrine a trunk of her old possessions, which when opened reveal the skeletal remains of Cory. Corrine has a mental breakdown and sets the bed and her mother on fire. Bart rushes in to save Olivia, but they both die in the flames. Cathy and Chris escape and watch Foxworth Hall burn to the ground.

Six years later, Cathy and Chris are now married and happily living in California with Jory and Bart Jr. under the surname Dollanganger. Corrine is institutionalized and deemed incompetent to stand trial for her crimes.

Lifetime first announced plans to adapt the second book in the "Dollanganger" series on January 9, 2014, just before they aired "Flowers in the Attic". It was also announced by writer Kayla Alpert that the film would take place ten years after "Flowers in the Attic", whereas the book picked up directly after the events of the first. Alpert stated that she started working on the script for "Petals on the Wind", shortly after she had finished the script for the first film.

Executive producer Michelle Weiss stated that adapting "Petals on the Wind" into film proved to be more difficult that the first one did. She said that while "Flowers" was a contained story that took place within only one location, "Petals" has a larger setting, more storylines and takes place during a longer period of time. The biggest challenge was the contain the story within a contained timeframe. She also stated the film takes place in Southern United States during the '70s.

On January 28, 2014 it was announced that Heather Graham and Ellen Burstyn would reprise their roles from "Flowers in the Attic" as Corrine and Olivia Foxworth, respectively. On February 18 it was revealed that Rose McIver had landed the role of Cathy Dollanganger, taking over from Kiernan Shipka. During the same month, it was revealed that Wyatt Nash had been cast as Christopher; Bailey De Young role as Carrie was announced the following day.

McIver stated that due to the film's rushed production, she only had two weeks after her first audition to practice ballet for her role, before filming started on February 25; this left her unable to read any of the books. Regarding Cathy and Chris' relationshi, she stated that both of the characters "know [their relationship]'s a taboo, but nobody else understands them the way they get each other" and due to their shared trauma, it's hard for them to connect with anyone else. Nash expressed a similar sentiment, believing that it's impossible for either of them to move forward and live happy lives apart from each other.

Production for the movie was rushed and actress Rose McIver, who portrayed Cathy, began filming in February 2014, two weeks after she attended her first audition, leaving her unable to read any of the novels before portraying the role. Immediately after filming was completed in March McIver began work on the television series "iZombie".

A new character, that of Chris's love interest Sarah, was created for the movie and some portions of the book, notably the sexual relationship between Cathy and her adoptive father, were removed in order to condense the book for film. Of this choice, director Kayla Alpert stated that “After doing incest, we decided we didn’t need pedophilia on top of it" and that some of the book's plot had to be condensed for the movie.

In its original televised airing, "Petals on the Wind" was watched by 3.42 million viewers, and had a rating of 1.2 in the women 18–49 age demographic, down 37 percent from the 1.9 earned by "Flowers".

On September 16, 2015, it was released as a single-disc DVD. It was later re-released on June 23, 2015, with "Flowers in the Attic" as a "Double Feature." On November 10, 2015, it was included in a "4-Film Collection" with "Flowers in the Attic," "If There Be Thorns," and "Seeds of Yesterday."

"Petals on the Wind" averaged 64 out of 100, based on four critics, on Metacritic, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

"Variety" reviewed the film, stating that it "looks and feels like a rush job, but improves on its predecessor in nearly every way." "The A.V. Club" gave the movie a rating of B-, as they felt that it "largely skews a bit underbaked to meet the promise of its own third act, and lacks the strength of Ellen Burstyn as its central figure, but there’s enough of the all-out V.C. Andrews flavor to make this installment worth a look for those who want to catch up with a family of soap people 30 years in the making." "Entertainment Weekly" described the film as being "muted", similarly to the first one, and stated that the actors shouldn't have taken the material as seriously as they did. Despite this, they found the film to have numerous instances that either meet or exceed the book's "ludicrous level".

On the premiere of "Petals on the Wind", Lifetime announced the production of the two following books on the Dollanganger series, "If There Be Thorns" and "Seeds of Yesterday", both of which aired in 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="43129095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43129095" title="An Insignificant Man">
An Insignificant Man

An Insignificant Man is a 2017 Hindi/English Indian socio-political documentary co-produced and directed by Khushboo Ranka and Vinay Shukla and also co-produced by filmmaker Anand Gandhi. and is about the rise of anti-corruption protests in India and the formation and rise to power of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP). The film received a standing ovation at its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival and has gone on to have sold out screenings at major festival across the world including the BFI London Film Festival & Busan International Film Festival.

The documentary chronicles the rise of the AAP, which was an independent political faction that gained traction through campaigns against the corruption in Indian politics and was headed by political leader Arvind Kejriwal. It captures the day-to-day functioning of the AAP between December 2012 and December 2013, concluding with the Delhi elections. The film released in India on 17 November 2017. The film was earlier known as "Proposition for a Revolution".

The movie was first conceived by and as a way to continue the theme of documenting uprisings and protests happening around the world. Several documentaries had released about the Occupy Wallstreet movement in the United States, the Arab Spring protests in the Middle East and Northern Africa, and the protests of sovereignty and political corruption in The Ukraine, however there had not been a major documentary done about the Jan Lokpal protest movement in India.

The makers of ""An Insignificant Man"" posted a 'plea' on their film site, making a case for the importance of their documentary, stating, "When we began shooting, nobody knew what lay in the future. Least of all, us. Today, we feel, we have a film that is a critical document, observing not just the evolution of a political party, but the gradual shift that we are beginning to witness in our political discourse. In the last year, we have been helped by friends who moved cities and jobs to work on this film and by colleagues who brought in their own resources. We managed to win the prestigious IDFA Bertha Grant for documentaries. We now come to you. Your support will enable us to make a better quality film in lesser time. It will also ensure that nothing can stop this film from reaching you. Please be a part of this conversation, and help us take it further. We have a host of exciting incentives too, do check them out on our page. We finished shooting a few months ago and now we need your help to take our film through post-production." The film's site explains, "What is unique in the Indian story is that some of the protesters decided to form a political party and fight state-wide elections in New Delhi. This is the story of the Aam Aadmi Party or the Common Man’s Party. ""An Insignificant Man"" aims to chronicle the journey of the party from its formation in December 2012 to the Delhi state elections in December 2013."

The crowdfunding campaign received unprecedented support. While the filmmakers had an initial goal of $20,000, they went on to receive a staggering $120,000, nearly 600% over their target. This was the largest crowdfunding campaign of its kind in India, hosted by the filmmakers on their own platform.

The production of the film is being done through crowdfunding. This form of production has become increasingly popular in Indian cinema due to the rise of a major independent film movement in the country. When asked in an interview with The Hindu, a major newspaper in India, on why the team chose crowdfunding, director said "Our film is a documentary set in contemporary politics and investors didn't find it an interesting proposition. Those interested in investing wanted to know if we were supporting AAP or against it," Not wanting to compromise the neutral stand of their film, the team opted for crowd funding.

The film has won support from the Sundance Institute, IDFA & Asian Network of Documentary Fund. The film was selected for and won awards at the Hot Docs Forum Toronto, NFDC Film Bazaar WIP Lab & DocEdge Kolkata.

The film was initially denied a theatrical release in India by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC). The filmmakers were directed by the board to get a No-Objection Certificate (NOC) from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Arvind Kejriwal, former Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit. Further, the board had also asked them to remove references to the two biggest political parties in India, Congress and BJP from the documentary. Responding to the CBFC directive, Ranka said, "We are definitely not going to ask for NOCs from the PM or the CM. It would set a wrong precedent, apart from doing something unethical. It is not in the purview of the CBFC to protect the feelings of politicians. It is bizarre that one has to take their permission to critique or document their political activities." In response, the filmmakers also launched a censorship awareness campaign which was supported by International Documentary Association(IDA) and European Documentary Network (EDN).

The filmmakers later appealed to Film Certification Appellate Tribunal. The tribunal agreed with the filmmakers’ point of view that an NOC would defeat the purpose of a documentary and passed a landmark verdict in favour of the filmmakers. "There is considerable merit in the submission of the Appellant that requiring NOC from public personalities would cull the documentary cinema, rather render the making of a documentary on political scenario nigh impossible", the tribunal stated. "In these circumstances, requiring a filmmaker to obtain an NOC from the affected parties or characters in the film to whom references are made, is tantamount to the CBFC abdicating its statutory functions. This is neither desirable nor permissible at law." About muting the names of political parties, the FCAT said, "Public interest is best served in upholding the Right to Freedom of Expression rather than protecting an undeserved reputation." The film finally was cleared by the tribunal with a U/A certificate without any cuts.

The film was released in theatres in India on 17th November 2017. Originally released in a limited number of theatres, the film was expanded to a nation wide release owing to great critical reception and box office collections in the first week. From there, it ran for 8 successive weeks in theatres, making it one of the most successful documentaries in India ever. The film has been acquired by Vice for a global television and digital release.

"Business Standard" wrote that the documentary "reminds one of Jehane Noujaim’s Oscar-nominated documentary "The Square" which took a compelling look at the protests at Cairo’s Tahrir Square." Screen Daily commented that "Combining exceptional access and deft editing, this documentary about the rise of India’s newest parliamentary party, the Common Man’s Party (AAP), and the divisive, charismatic man at its heart, makes for unexpectedly riveting viewing."

Huffington Post listed the film among 12 Must-See Documentaries About Current World Politics. NDTV carried out promotional debates regarding the film. In spite of tough competition from big commercial releases, the film went on to have a good theatrical run and has been loved by audiences.

Reza Noorani writing for The Times of India praises the flawless editing, stating "Editing by Abhinav Tyagi and Manan Bhatt is clearly the strongest part of the entire documentary. The way they have maintained a coherent narrative makes you feel as if you’re watching a taut thriller; they keep you glued till the very last moment." and gave the film 4/5 rating and film enjoys a user rating of 4.2/5.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a fresh 89% approval rating and the audience polled for IMDB gave the film 8.6/10 ratings. 

TIFF 2016, IDFA 2016, BFI London Film Festival 2016, CPH:DOX 2016,FIFDH 2017, AFI Docs 2017 and Sheffield Doc/Fest 2017. It won Best Documentary prize at Warsaw Film Festival 2016, NYIFF 2017,IFFLA 2017and Brooklyn Film Festival 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="43135177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43135177" title="My Very Best Friend">
My Very Best Friend

My Very Best Friend is a 1996 American made-for-TV thriller film directed by Joyce Chopra, and starring Jaclyn Smith and Jill Eikenberry.

Former model Dana Griffin (Smith) invites her best friend Barbara (Eikenberry) and her family over to San Francisco to attend her wedding to multimillionaire business tycoon Ted Marshall (Mason). Ted thinks that Dana is pregnant of his baby, but Barbara quickly finds out that Dana is lying about being pregnant. She initially tries to persuade Dana to tell the truth, but Dana convinces her to keep quiet, as she is pursuing to ultimately give Ted what he wishes for. Shortly after the wedding, Ted tries to surprise Dana at her so-called appointment with her doctor, only to find out about the scheme. Devastated, he tells her on their yacht that he will have the marriage annulled. In an act of desperation and outrage, Dana then pushes Ted off the yacht and watches as he drowns. She then quickly calls the police, lying about the cause of his drowning.

Shortly after Ted's death, she receives a visit from his best friend, lawyer Jay (Sanford). Jay was contacted by Ted about the annulment and openly suspects Dana from having killed her husband. Because of Jay's suspicion, Dana waves all rights to his estate and moves in with Babara and her family in New Hampshire. It does not take long before she starts cause friction between Barbara and her husband Alex (Irwin). At dinner, Dana reminds Barbara that Alex was not there for her when she gave birth to their - now 13-year-old - daughter Kate (Warnat), and later she plants one of her earrings in Alex's closet that Barbara ultimately finds. Barbara's friend Molly Butler (Place) does not like Dana, because she knows that Dana slept with Alex when she was 19 years old and when he was already engaged to Barbara.

In bed, Alex admits to Barbara that even though he has the supposedly perfect life, he still feels lonely and empty inside. Dana overhears the conversation through a voice recorder that she has secretly installed in their bedroom, and uses the information to grow closer to Alex by making up a story of being lonely as well. They kiss shortly, and are caught by their housemaid Rose (Elliott). Barbara meanwhile decides to work on her marriage and family, and is worried that both Alex and Kate instead prefer to spend their time with Dana. She asks Dana to spend less time with Alex, but he is outraged when he finds out and leaves the home. Feeling mistreated, Barbara acts out by cutting his parachute with a knife. She then orders Rose to replace it, but she forgets.

Later that evening, Dana lures Barbara away by lying that Kate is in the hospital, making sure that she is not present when throwing a surprise party for Alex. They get drunk and spend the night together, and the next morning Dana is already making plans to get married, when Alex tells her that he has no interest in being with her and has had made a mistake. Barbara catches the couple in bed, and confronts Dana with all her schemes. Dana then reveals that the abortion she had twenty years earlier, was from Alex's child. Barbara leaves heartbroken, and Alex is about to follow her when Dana shoots her gun on him. Alex ultimately overpowers Dana and then leaves to go parachute jumping. Because of being cut up, the parachute does not open during the fall, and Alex dies. Initially, Barbara is questioned as the perpetrator for cutting up the parachute, but through her own voice recorder device, all of Dana's schemes, including murdering Ted, is put to light as the police are present.


The script was based on a screenplay, suggesting that the film was once developed as a feature film. Production took place in Vancouver between January 16 and February 15, 1996.

"Variety" was positive about the film, and especially praised director Joyce Chopra: "Bigscreen helmer Joyce Chopra [..] directs with a sure hand, eliciting multilayered perfs from her leads and delivering a wholly enjoyable tale. [..] Chopra directs with subtlety, and never lets Smith go over the top even when her character does. Eikenberry brings depth to a role that borders on revolting goodness, a la Melanie Wilkes in "Gone With the Wind"."

The reviewer of the "Chicago Tribune" was less enthusiastic, but attributed that "for what it is, this is actually pretty well done, with strong performances from Eikenberry and Tom Irwin as her husband."

The film was released on VHS in June 1998.


</doc>
<doc id="43141095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43141095" title="The Houston Story">
The Houston Story

The Houston Story is a 1956 crime film noir directed by William Castle starring Gene Barry, Barbara Hale and Edward Arnold.
Frank Duncan (Barry), a shrewd oil driller from Galveston, Texas, conceives a plan to sneakily siphon millions of dollars' worth of oil from the oil fields and sell it as his own. He goes through nightclub singer Zoe Crane (Hale) to insinuate himself with a Houston mobster, Paul Atlas (Arnold) to get financing for his scheme.

Atlas tells right-hand man Gordon Shay privately that he plans to double-cross Duncan as soon as the money's in hand. Chris Barker, a gunman, robs Duncan and intends to murder him, but Duncan is able to push Barker off an oil rig to his death.

Duncan tries to make a getaway with the help of true-blue girlfriend Madge, but the hard-hearted Zoe steals his money and lies to Madge that Duncan has betrayed her. A pair of Atlas's thugs snatch Zoe, take her money and toss her from a moving car. Shay is killed, but before Duncan can get away, the cops close in on him and he's forced to surrender.

The film went through a major casting change while in production on location in Houston. Originally set for the lead role was acclaimed character actor Lee J. Cobb. But Cobb suffered a heart attack on May 8 after filming an exhausting fight sequence, in part due to the heat in Texas, where the scene was shot. Cobb was not able to work for the three more days of location scenes on the schedule. Director William Castle, who resembled Cobb, doubled for him in these scenes. Ten weeks later Cobb had recovered enough to return to work. However he then suffered another heart attack and had to be replaced.

Cobb's part had to be recast and according to Castle Katzman "insisted on a relatively new actor in pictures - Gene Barry, a fine actor, but as unlike Lee J. Cobb as anyone could be."

Castle says footage of himself and Cobb remains in the final film.




</doc>
<doc id="43141330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43141330" title="Cries Unheard: The Donna Yaklich Story">
Cries Unheard: The Donna Yaklich Story

Cries Unheard: The Donna Yaklich Story (a.k.a. Victim of Rage) is a 1994 American made-for-television thriller film directed by Armand Mastroianni, and starring Jaclyn Smith and Brad Johnson. The film is based on a true story.

Through a series of flashbacks, Donna tries to tell her son, Denny, why she murdered her husband Dennis. When she returns to her hometown in Colorado from California for the summer, Donna is set up on a date with former aerobics instructor, and current police officer, Dennis Yaklich. She immediately falls in love with him, and quickly meets his teenage stepdaughter Patty. Patty is still upset over the death of her mother to an allergic reaction, especially because they were quarreling when they last saw each other. Sympathizing for the girl, Donna agrees not to return to California. To take care of Patty, she moves in with Dennis and become engaged with him shortly after.

The romance is short-lived, though. After being insulted at the gym, Dennis starts to shoot himself up with steroids, causing violent outbursts. One night, he is too restless to sleep, and orders Donna to leave the room. He then lifts some weights in the middle of the night, and violently orders Donna to leave when she asks him to come back to bed. Scared by her husband, she turns to her sister Susie, but she is too vulnerable when he begs her to take him back. They are married shortly after, but during the ceremony, Dennis already has another outburst against her, which causes Donna to spend her wedding night in fear. Patty later explains to her that his violent behavior is caused by the steroids, which he even uses at work to catch criminals in an unorthodox way.

When Donna finds out that she is pregnant, she explains to Dennis that she cannot live in fear and begs him to stop using the steroids. Unfortunately, he does not keep his promise, and starts to act violent again, even going as far as forcing himself on her while their newborn is crying in the other room. She packs her bags to leave with their son Denny, but Dennis orders her to go inside and beats her with a belt. She contacts his friend, Jerry, to ask him to persuade Dennis to stop taking steroids, but Jerry tells Dennis of their conversation. Dennis threatens to kill her, or Susie, if she ever goes behind his back again, and he forces himself on her a second time.

Five years later, Donna focuses her energy on raising Denny, and Dennis becomes obsessed with the gym. When Patty admits that she is pregnant, Dennis blames Donna. He also forces her to tell Patty that she is disgusted by her and orders her to leave the house forever. Deciding that she has had enough, Donna flees with Denny to a nearby local shelter. Dennis, however, picks her up there and threatens to kill her, bragging that he will get away with murder. Donna suspects that he might have killed his first wife, and scared for her life, she pays Eddie Greenwell to murder Dennis. With the help from his brother Charlie, Eddie shoots Dennis dead when he parks his car in his driveway one night. Charlie's girlfriend eventually gives the brothers up to the police, and they in turn confess Donna's involvement.

In her conversation in prison with now grown-up Denny, Donna says that her trial was a media circus, and her only worry was if she would be separated from her son. The jury finds Donna guilty of conspiracy for first-degree murder and she receives a jail sentence of 40 years. Donna tells Denny that she would do it again if she had to, because she believes that she would have died if she had not done it. Denny, now going away to college in San Francisco, tells her that he has resented her for not having been there when he grew up, but assures her that he never stopped loving her.


The film is largely based on interviews with Donna Yaklich. Real-life Dennis Yaklich was gunned down by two men in his Colorado driveway in 1985. The perpetrators were hired by Donna Yaklich. She was sentenced to 40 years in prison, but was released in 2009 after serving 18 years. The film has been criticized for fictionalizing the events and the way that the characters were portrayed. Vanessa Yaklich, one of Dennis and Barbara's children, not present in the movie, has spoken out about the film and Donna's claims to be an "outright lie".

Shooting began on November, 8 and concluded on December 3, 1993. In order to prepare for her role, Jaclyn Smith had phone conversations with Donna Yaklich. Smith attributed that the role was "definitely not sophisticated and slick"; she sometimes received real beatings on camera from her co-star Brad Johnson, because "it had to be real".

The film received poor reviews. It was aired opposite a made-for-TV film with a similar story; "" (1994). A reviewer for "People" conducted that ""Cries Unheard" is only just better than "Lies of the Heart"."

Reviewer for "Variety" laid out his problems with the film: "First problem is credibility. The Smith-Johnson portrayal of the Yaklich courtship is flatly unbelievable; Smith appears much too chic and socially at opposite ends to fall for a greaseball like Johnson’s weightlifter. The vidpic’s second big problem is that, once ensconsed as his marital slave and punching bag, it’s not made clear why the wife is too afraid to run away but not too afraid to conspire to kill him. Viewer impatience with Smith’s mind-numbingly foolish homemaker is almost as great as the repulsion for Johnson’s hulking, gun-happy husband. In short, without a sympathetic, let alone empathetic wife figure, director Armand Mastroianni can’t overcome a grueling, almost counterproductive picture."

In its short review for "The Gadsden Times", John Martin called the film "too sensational" and showed his dissatisfaction with contents, calling out for an effective way to help women get out of domestic violence, instead of showing "two hours of terror".


</doc>
<doc id="43141407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43141407" title="Hail, Caesar!">
Hail, Caesar!

Hail, Caesar! is a 2016 comedy film written, produced, edited, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. The film stars Josh Brolin, George Clooney, Alden Ehrenreich, Ralph Fiennes, Jonah Hill, Scarlett Johansson, Frances McDormand, Tilda Swinton, and Channing Tatum. It is a fictional story that follows the real-life fixer Eddie Mannix (Brolin) working in the Hollywood film industry in the 1950s, trying to discover what happened to a cast member who vanished during the filming of a biblical epic.

First talked about by the Coens in 2004, "Hail, Caesar!" was originally set to take place in the 1920s and to follow actors performing a play about ancient Rome. The Coens shelved the idea until late 2013. Principal photography began in November 2014 in Los Angeles, California.

The film premiered in Los Angeles on February 1, 2016, and was released in the United States on February 5, 2016. It grossed $63 million worldwide and received positive reviews. The film was chosen by National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2016 and it received nominations at the 89th Academy Awards and 70th British Academy Film Awards, both for production design.

In 1951 Hollywood, Eddie Mannix is head of physical production at Capitol Pictures. His duties as the studio "fixer" find him corraling its scandalous stars, fending off twin gossip columnists Thora and Thessaly Thacker, and weighing an impressive job offer from the Lockheed Corporation. When unmarried synchronized swimming actress DeeAnna Moran becomes pregnant, Mannix arranges for her to place the baby in foster care then discreetly adopt it, preserving her image.

Baird Whitlock, the dimwitted star of the studio's major production "Hail, Caesar! A Tale of the Christ," is drugged and abducted. He awakens at a meeting of The Future, a group of Communist screenwriters, and is won over to their cause. The Future send a ransom note demanding $100,000 for Whitlock's return, which Mannix procures from the studio as "petty cash". He convinces Thora to withhold a story in exchange for information on singing Western film star Hobie Doyle.

Doyle has been hopelessly cast in a comedy of manners and, despite the efforts of director Laurence Laurentz, cannot overcome his thick Southern American accent. When Laurentz requests Doyle's removal, Mannix convinces him to continue his coaching. Doyle admits to Mannix his trepidation about the role, but Mannix reassures him and confides in him about Whitlock's kidnapping.

That evening, Doyle attends the premiere of his new Western with starlet Carlotta Valdez, as arranged by Mannix. The pair are accosted by the Thacker sisters, but Doyle spots the briefcase of ransom money, carried by musical star Burt Gurney.

Mannix and Moran meet with surety agent Joseph Silverman, a trusted scapegoat for the studio, who agrees to foster Moran's child. His dependability proves immensely attractive to Moran.

Doyle follows Gurney to The Future's beach house but finds only Whitlock inside. The Future have taken Gurney to rendezvous with a Soviet submarine and defect to Russia, but lose the briefcase in the ocean. Doyle returns Whitlock to the studio as the police arrive to arrest the group.

Mannix smacks Whitlock to stop his blathering in his newfound Communist jargon, but then orders him to "go out and be a star" and finish "Hail, Caesar!" The next morning, Mannix learns that Moran has married Silverman. Mannix rejects the Lockheed offer and decides to remain at Capitol Pictures. Thora informs him that her column will reveal Whitlock won his role by having sex with Laurentz. However, Mannix persuades her not to run the story as her source, Gurney – being a Communist defector – will tarnish her reputation. Mannix moves on, confident in his role in life.


The Coens first pitched the story to George Clooney in 1999 during the shooting of "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" Ethan Coen described it as a "thought experiment" rather than a tangible project. A comedy film, the story was originally said to follow "a troupe of actors in the 1920s putting on a play about ancient Rome", with the focus on a matinée idol. Clooney was to play the main character, "a hammy actor with a pencil mustache". In February 2008, the Coens said that the film did not have a script, but only existed as an idea. They pitched it to Clooney as a fourth opportunity to play a "numbskull", following his roles in "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000), "Intolerable Cruelty" (2003) and "Burn After Reading" (2008). Clooney was not initially enthused.

The project was mentioned in a December 2013 interview about "Inside Llewyn Davis". Joel Coen revealed that they were "working on" "Hail, Caesar!", and that it would likely be their next project. In May 2014, the Coens reconfirmed the film's development, with the plot now focused on a "fixer" working in the Hollywood film industry in the 1950s.

Set in 1951, "Hail, Caesar!" takes place at a transitional time for the film industry. The studio system was breaking down, and a Supreme Court ruling had forced studios to divest their movie theaters. Television, then still in its early years, threatened to pull away audiences. The Cold War and the Red Scare were both underway. Hollywood responded by creating escapist fare: westerns, highly choreographed dance and aquatic spectacles, and Roman epics with massive casts.

Writing in "The Washington Post", Kristen Page-Kirby noted that the nostalgia for Hollywood's golden age is heavily filtered by time. "It’s easy to look back at any part of the past and say, 'Yeah, that’s how it should be today'. "Hail, Caesar!" uses the uniformly terrible fake movies within it to show that while we all remember 1946 for stuff like "The Yearling" and "Notorious", it also gave us "Tarzan and the Leopard Woman."" The Coens cited their own examples of sub-par films and performances from the era that they saw as television re-runs while growing up: "That Touch of Mink" (1962), and Laurence Olivier, in brownface, co-starring with Charlton Heston in "Khartoum" (1966). "We loved that stuff. We just didn’t realize we were watching crap," said Joel Coen.

In December 2013, the Coens confirmed that Clooney would remain involved with the project. In June 2014, Josh Brolin, Channing Tatum, Ralph Fiennes, and Tilda Swinton joined the cast, Universal Pictures was announced to be distributing the film, and Eric Fellner and Tim Bevan signed on to produce the film for Working Title Films. In July, Jonah Hill and Scarlett Johansson entered talks to join the production. The next month, Johansson and Hill were confirmed to have joined the cast, and Alden Ehrenreich entered negotiations to star. In a September 2014 interview with "The Daily Beast", Frances McDormand said she had a role in the film. In October, Patrick Fischler, David Krumholtz, and Fisher Stevens joined the cast as communist screenwriters, and Clancy Brown joined as an actor in the film within a film, also titled "Hail, Caesar!" The following month, Christopher Lambert was cast as Arne Slessum, a European filmmaker who has an affair with Johannson's character. In a November 2014 interview at the Ottawa Pop Expo, Robert Picardo revealed that he had a role in the film and that he was set to begin filming in December. Also in November, Emily Beecham was said to have a role in the film.

Costume designer Mary Zophres began work 12 weeks ahead of shooting, researching period wardrobe from the late 1940s on the assumption that most people routinely wear clothes purchased over the past few years. She designed for a working film studio of the early 1950s, plus six genre films, each of which featured a major actor working on the set for about a week. Photos from the MGM library and the Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences showed that film crews dressed more formally than today—no shorts or sneakers. Zophres produced about 15 boards of preliminary sketches, including "sculptural Technicolor gowns" for the ballroom drama that were inspired by the work of Charles James. Her double-breasted suit for Josh Brolin was intended to blend with his skin tone, his moustache was styled after Walt Disney's, his hair was permed, and his character alone wore a fedora. Zophres modeled Channing Tatum's look on Troy Donahue and Tyrone Power. The costumes in "Ben Hur" in particular served as references for the gladiator sequences, although Zophres employed the contemporary technique of using painted hard plastic foam instead of metal. The film ultimately required more than 2,500 costumes, including 170 Roman extras, 120 Israelites and about 45 slaves. About 500 of the costumes were custom-made. Toward the end of the shoot, the scope of the project overtook the budget, and Zophres completed some of the sewing herself.

In October 2014, Roger Deakins posted on his website that he would be the film's cinematographer and was shooting test footage. Principal photography on the film began in Los Angeles, California, on November 10, 2014. According to the "Los Angeles Times", the Coen brothers' decision to film in Los Angeles increased filming activity in the city, which had previously been down by "a double-digit percentage... in the fourth quarter [of 2014]". Later the same month, Kate Morgan Chadwick was seen filming with Brolin. In December, Clooney was photographed in full Roman regalia while filming scenes in Downtown Los Angeles.

Tatum dyed his hair blond for his role as a tap-dancing sailor, one of five in the "No Dames!" sequence set in the Swingin' Dinghy bar. Tatum who had danced hip-hop and street, but not tap, worked without a double after much training. Other dancers came from Broadway, including Clifton Samuels, who said that the scene's greatest challenge was not Christopher Gattelli's choreography per se, but maintaining the style of the period "in which the dancers must stay on the balls of their feet." A split-screen scene from the "That’s Entertainment!" trilogy influenced the Coens' decision to widen the shot to reveal film crew members pushing the set into place.

"Hail, Caesar!" was the first movie that Deakins shot on film since "True Grit" in 2010. The Coens themselves had said that their previous movie, "Inside Llewyn Davis," would probably be their last use of the medium. But with "Hail, Caesar!"''s classic Hollywood theme making film an obvious choice, Deakins agreed to give it one more try. "I don’t mind," he recalled saying, "I’ll shoot it on a cell phone if you like." Ultimately, film proved a limited palette due to the narrowing choices of stocks and processing options in the wake of digital cinematography. Deakins didn't recall encountering those kinds of problems on earlier projects. "But it makes me nervous now. I don’t want to do that again, frankly. I don’t think the infrastructure’s there."

Southern California locations were used throughout the film, presenting a challenge to location manager John Panzarella. He noted that "period locations are disappearing fast", including several employed in an earlier film he scouted, the 1997 "LA Confidential". The Warner Bros. studio, which, unusually, has retained its vintage buildings, stood in for most of the fictitious Capitol Pictures Productions after trailers, electrical hookups, and other contemporary fixtures were removed. Union Station in downtown Los Angeles was also used for some studio exteriors. The synchronized swimming scene with Scarlett Johansson was choreographed and directed by Mesha Kussman, and performed by the Aqualillies, a Los Angeles-based group of professional synchronized swimmers. They worked at the water tank on Stage 30 at Sony Pictures Studios; the tank was also used for Esther Williams films and was under restoration until a week before shooting. The wood-paneled conference room where Mannix vets the movie with religious leaders was filmed at the Cravens Estate's drawing room in Pasadena. The office of general counsel Sid Siegelstein was shot at a 1929 building in Los Angeles's Arts District later owned by Southwestern Bag Company. The building was designed by the same architecture firm that did UCLA's Royce Hall.

Locations used for scenes beyond Capitol Pictures included the Appian Way scenes, which were shot at the Big Sky Movie Ranch in Simi Valley, and the western sequence, which was filmed at Vasquez Rocks Natural Area Park. The well of Jehoshaphat sequence was shot at Bronson Canyon, formerly a quarry, in Griffith Park. The nightclub interiors, the scene of Carlotta and Hobie's date, was shot at the Hollywood Palladium, with the exterior at the Fonda Theatre and some reverse shots at the Chapman Plaza in Korea Town. Carlotta's house exterior was filmed at a 1927 home in the Los Feliz section of Los Angeles; this was also the locale for The Good Luck Bar, which stood in for the Imperial Gardens Chinese restaurant. The movie premiere was shot in the Los Angeles Theatre, selected for its spacious lobby.

Digital effects for "Hail, Caesar!" encompassed three areas: standard effects like Ehrenreich's lasso tricks, period effects including a matte painting of Rome that referenced the 1951 film "Quo Vadis," and effects intended to blur the line between a 2016 film and the vintage movie-making techniques it portrays. Examples of the latter include a green screen car sequence made to look as if it employed the older technique of rear projection, and the submarine sequence, which employed computer graphics that suggested the use of miniatures. "It was important that the "sub" not look silly", said effects supervisor Dan Schrecker, whereas "the whole point of that Rome matte painting was that it was ridiculous". The burning film frame in McDormand's Moviola scene was created by Sam Spreckley, a Scottish visual artist who experiments with the technique. The special effects of the beach house on the bluff were meant as an homage to "North by Northwest".

The soundtrack for the film, titled Hail Caesar!: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack, features the original score by Carter Burwell, and an original song, "No Dames!", performed by Channing Tatum. The soundtrack was released via digital download and physical formats on February 5, 2016, by Back Lot Music.

Carter Burwell composed the score for the film, and wrote original songs along with Henry Krieger and Willie Reale.

Universal and Working Title released the official trailer on October 9, 2015. On December 29, 2015, the first poster for the film was released. On January 7, 2016, another poster was released.

The film premiered at the Regency Village Theater in Los Angeles on February 1, 2016 and was released in the United States on February 5. The film also opened the Berlin International Film Festival on February 11, 2016 was released in the United Kingdom on March 4, and on Blu-ray on June 7, 2016.

"Hail, Caesar!" grossed $30.1 million in the United States and Canada and $33.1 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $63.2 million, against a production budget of $22 million.

The film was released in North America on February 5, 2016, alongside "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" and "The Choice", and was projected to gross $9–11 million from 2,231 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $543,000 from Thursday night previews and $4.3 million on its first day. The film went on to gross $11.4 million in its opening weekend, finishing second at the box office behind "Kung Fu Panda 3" ($21.2 million). In its second weekend the film grossed $6.4 million (a 44% drop), finishing 6th at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 86% based on 349 reviews, with an average rating of 7.15/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Packed with period detail and perfectly cast, "Hail, Caesar!" finds the Coen brothers delivering an agreeably lightweight love letter to post-war Hollywood." On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100, based on 50 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

"The New Yorker"'s Richard Brody called the film "a comedy, and a scintillating, uproarious one, filled with fast and light touches of exquisite incongruity in scenes that have the expansiveness of relaxed precision, performed and timed with the spontaneous authority of jazz." Writing in the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan called it a "droll tribute to and spoof of Hollywood past [that] amuses from beginning to end with its site specific re-creation of the studio system and the movies that made it famous." The Coens were "helped enormously by a splendid and committed ensemble cast."

John Anderson of "The Wall Street Journal" wrote: "A dispiritingly vitriolic, only sporadically funny satire of ’50s Hollywood, "Hail, Caesar!" verifies a suspicion long held here, that the Coen brothers, Joel and Ethan, really hate the movies. Their central character, Eddie Mannix...is being wooed by Lockheed. Better hours. Better pay. Lifetime employment. Fewer nut jobs. And work that wouldn't be quite so... frivolous. The movie makes a strong case that the Coen brothers feel the same way. You start to wonder why you're sitting there watching."

"The Atlantic" associate editor David Sims concluded the opposite. Coen protagonists, he wrote, sometimes ask questions of higher powers—and receive no answer. "In "Hail, Caesar!" the answer is given, and it’s as hopeful as one could expect from the Coens: Cinema’s somber, weighty moments matter, but equally crucial are the frivolous, joyful bits of entertainment—watching Channing Tatum tap-dance on a table, or George Clooney ramble overwritten monologues."

Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" wrote that "Hail, Caesar!" falls between the filmmakers' masterworks and duds. "It’s a typically sly, off-center comedy, once again set against the machinery of the motion-picture business. And, as usual with the Coens, it has more going on than there might seem, including in its wrangling over God and ideology, art and entertainment."

Richard Roeper gave the film four out of four stars, calling the film one of his favorite movies ever made about making movies. IGN gave the film 7.7/10, saying, ""Hail, Caesar!" may not be one of the Coen Brothers' finest efforts—and it might not engage viewers beyond Los Angeles or those who truly understand or work in the film industry—but it's nevertheless a fun, charming, and oft-hilarious take on Hollywood's Golden Age." In a review for "The Village Voice", Melissa Anderson praised the performances, but found that the tone and humor of the film "too often goes flat."

Despite positive critical reception, audience response was less enthusiastic. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C−" on an A+ to F scale. 52% of the opening day audience were males while 84% were over 25, with both demographics giving the film a "D+" grade, while those over 50 years old gave the film a grade of "D−". Filmgoers polled by comScore's PostTrak service gave the film a 66% overall positive score and just a 40% "definite recommend".



</doc>
<doc id="43142604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43142604" title="The 5th Wave (film)">
The 5th Wave (film)

The 5th Wave is a 2016 American science fiction action film directed by J Blakeson, with a screenplay by Susannah Grant, Akiva Goldsman, and Jeff Pinkner, based on Rick Yancey’s 2013 novel of the same name. The film stars Chloë Grace Moretz, Nick Robinson, Ron Livingston, Maggie Siff, Alex Roe, Maria Bello, Maika Monroe, and Liev Schreiber.

Development began in March 2012, when Sony picked up the film rights to the trilogy of novels, with Graham King's production company GK Films and Tobey Maguire's Material Pictures. Filming took place in Atlanta, Georgia from October 2014 to January 2015. "The 5th Wave" was released on January 22, 2016, in the United States by Columbia Pictures. It grossed $109 million worldwide against a $54 million budget, and received generally unfavorable reviews from critics.

Ohio high-schooler Cassie Sullivan, armed with an M4 carbine, emerges from the woods to raid an abandoned gas station. Upon entering, she hears a male voice calling for help. She finds a wounded man, who points a gun at her, but they ask each put their weapons down. His other hand is under his jacket and as he takes it out, she sees a glint of metal and kills him thinking he was holding a gun, but he was holding a Christian cross and the screen cuts to black to show her backstory. A colossal alien spaceship is circling Earth, guided by extraterrestrials referred to as "The Others". Ten days later, The Others unleash their 1st Wave, an electromagnetic pulse that permanently disables all electrical power grids worldwide. The 2nd Wave has The Others manipulate the planet's geology and fault lines, causing earthquakes and megatsunamis that destroy coastal cities and islands, including Hallandale Beach, London, Thailand, and New York. For the 3rd Wave, The Others modify a strain of avian flu virus and spread it across the planet with birds. The population is decimated, with Cassie's mother being one of the casualties.

Cassie, her father and her younger brother Sam, find a summer camp in use as a refuge in the woods with roughly 300 survivors. A few days later, an Army unit with working vehicles rolls into the camp. The unit's commander, Colonel Vosch, claims there is an imminent threat of a 4th Wave and they will take the children to safety at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, intending to bring the buses back to retrieve the adults. Cassie is separated from Sam, and witnesses the Army massacring all the adults, her father included. Cassie scavenges her way toward the base, but is shot in the leg by a sniper and passes out. About a week later, she wakes up in the farmhouse of a young man named Evan Walker, who saved her. Cassie leaves towards the base with Evan, but learns that he is an Other, sent years ago as a sleeper agent and merged his consciousness into a human host. The sleepers roam their designated zones, killing human survivors. Evan admits his humanity was reactivated when he saw her, disagrees with the invasion and lets her leave. He warns that Colonel Vosch and the military are possessed by the consciousness of individual Others.

At the base, the military have used deception and technology to convince the rescued children that the humans outside the base have been possessed. They provide military training to the children, forming them into squads to go on kill missions outside the base. Sam has been placed into a squad led by Ben, a boy Cassie had a crush on, along with Ringer, a tough teenage girl, Dumbo and Teacup. While out on a kill mission, Ringer removes her military implant, causing her to register as an Other-possessed human on the squad's scopes. The squad deduces the plan to have them kill real unpossessed humans, making them the 5th Wave. Ben sends his squad into the woods and returns to base, claiming his squad was killed, for the purpose of retrieving Sam, who was left behind. Ben confronts Colonel Vosch about child warriors being the 5th Wave and Cassie kills Sergeant Reznik during her one-on-one indoctrination spiel. Ben and Cassie find each other and leave to find Sam. Evan sets off numerous bombs and advises them to quickly find Sam before the destruction of the entire facility. Colonel Vosch and the surviving military evacuate with the human children by military aircraft. Cassie, Ben and Sam escape, with help from Ringer, just as Evan completes the destruction of the base. Ben's squad is reunited and Cassie ponders the strength of hope as humanity's driving force for survival.

In March 2012, Columbia Pictures picked up the film rights to the trilogy, with Graham King and Tobey Maguire attached as producers. On April 15, 2014, it was officially announced that Chloë Grace Moretz would star as Cassie Sullivan, and that J Blakeson would direct from a script by Susannah Grant. From June through August 2014, Nick Robinson and Alex Roe joined the film as male protagonists Ben Parish and Evan Walker, respectively, while Liev Schreiber was cast as the villain. Over the following months, Maika Monroe, Zackary Arthur, Tony Revolori, Ron Livingston, Maggie Siff, and Talitha Bateman joined the film.

Principal photography began on October 18, 2014, in Atlanta, Georgia. Three months later, on January 11, a planned explosion of a bus in downtown Macon, Georgia for the film went awry when it spread wider than planned, blowing out more than forty windows on Cotton Avenue, collapsing ceilings, destroying store fronts, setting one building on fire, and leaving soot on the brick buildings as well. The production company promised to cover all damages caused by the 3:45 am incident, but the work that was done was done badly and remains incomplete twenty-eight months later. Filming officially ended on January 17, 2015.

In April 2015, it was announced that Henry Jackman would compose the music for the film.

Columbia Pictures originally set the film a release date for January 29, 2016. On April 30, 2015, the release date was changed from its original release date of January 29, 2016, to an earlier date of January 15, 2016. However, in December 2015, the release date was pushed back from January 15, 2016, to January 22, 2016. It was released on January 14, 2016 in Australia, Germany and the Middle East.

An international trailer for the film was released on Sony Pictures' official YouTube account on September 1, 2015.

The film was released for home media on 3 May 2016. The film was released online on various video sites 2 weeks prior to this.

"The 5th Wave" grossed $34.9 million in North America and $75 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $109.9 million, against a production budget of $54 million.

The film was released in North America on January 22, 2016, alongside "Dirty Grandpa" and "The Boy", and was projected to gross $10–14 million from 2,908 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $475,000 from its Thursday night screenings and $3.5 million on its first day. It went on to gross $10.3 million in its opening weekend, finishing 6th at the box office.

The review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 15% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 137 reviews, with an average rating of 4.22/10. The site's critics consensus reads, "With unimpressive effects and plot points seemingly pieced together from previous dystopian YA sci-fi films, "The 5th Wave" ends up feeling like more of a limp, derivative wriggle." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 33 out of 100 based on 30 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–" on an A+ to F scale.

Jeffrey M. Anderson of "The San Francisco Examiner" said of the film, "Every plot turn and every line of dialogue has been borrowed from somewhere else, and everything is utterly, totally predictable", noting how the film "steals material from (but does not stop at) the "Twilight", "Hunger Games" and "Divergent" franchises." Anthony Lane of "The New Yorker" faulted the film as a "marketing wheeze dressed up as an art form, and stupendously summarized by the image of Cassie hurrying through the woods carrying both an assault rifle and a Teddy bear", adding that the film "appears to have been designed by some crazed Oedipal wing of the N.R.A."

Rob Vaux of the Sci-Fi Movie Page gave the film one star out of five, saying, "The Young Adult adaptation craze hits a low point with this aimless, purposeless alien invasion story that wastes a fine cast." In the "San Francisco Chronicle", Mick LaSalle wrote, "rarely does a movie that fails so utterly start so well", falling apart ahead of the fifth wave. As to a possible trilogy, "if we’re not really vigilant, and look to the skies, and prepare, they’re going to make at least two more of these things. We’ve got to beat back the invasion now". Eddie Cockrell of "Variety" gave the film a mixed review, saying, ""The 5th Wave" is an effectively decent post-apocalyptic, young adult, world-in-the-balance survival thriller" with an "arrestingly original spin on trendy genre tropes", although he suggested that fans of the book may have "issues with what has been edited".

Brian Truitt of "USA Today" gave the film a positive review, stating that it "is an inviting sci-fi invasion" and "nicely stokes the imagination of a new generation of science-fiction movie nerds". He praised Moretz and Robinson as "equally strong" co-leads. Shannon Harvey of "The West Australian" also gave the film a positive review, writing, "It’s actually got a lot going for it, from acting prodigy Chloe Grace Moretz as the kind of tough but fragile heroine you can cheer for to handsome production values, several plot twists". Michael Patterson of "Moviepilot" gave the film a positive review, calling it a "thrilling story of survival".




</doc>
<doc id="43143243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43143243" title="Bait (1954 film)">
Bait (1954 film)

Bait is a 1954 American film noir drama film, written, directed and produced by Hugo Haas. Haas himself, Cleo Moore and John Agar starred in the film.

Middle-aged Marko (Haas) is searching for a lost gold mine for nearly 20 years. To share expenses for a prospecting expedition he teams up with bright young Ray Brighton (Agar). When they find the mine Marko decides he doesn't want to share with his partner and plans to murder him. He figures that after the two of them spend the winter together with Marko's trashy young wife (Moore) in a shack far from civilization, he will sooner or later catch them in adultery, and he can use the "unwritten law" to kill Brighton and thus escape punishment from the law. But the plot backfires.




</doc>
<doc id="43144490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43144490" title="Opéra imaginaire">
Opéra imaginaire

The film begins with "Je crois entendre encore" (from Georges Bizet's opera "Les pêcheurs de perles") playing, while screenshots from each of the 12 segments appear.


""Well, the time has come to leave my friends and their stories. But, of course, the magic of music can bring us back here anytime. There are no limits. Just... listen... and imagine.""

During the end credits, the film closes again with Bizet's "Je crois entendre encore", while the same screenshots from each of the 12 segments shown in the beginning reappear.




</doc>
<doc id="43146299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43146299" title="America: Imagine the World Without Her">
America: Imagine the World Without Her

America: Imagine the World Without Her is a 2014 American political documentary film by Dinesh D'Souza based on his book of the same name. It is a follow-up to his film "" (2012). In the film, D'Souza contends that parts of United States history are improperly and negatively highlighted by liberals, which he seeks to counter with positive highlights. Topics addressed include appropriation of Native American and Mexican lands, slavery, and matters relating to foreign policy and capitalism. D'Souza collaborated with John Sullivan and Bruce Schooley to adapt his book of the same name into a screenplay. D'Souza produced the film with Gerald R. Molen and directed it with Sullivan. The film combined historical reenactments with interviews with different political figures.

"America: Imagine the World Without Her" was marketed to political conservatives and through Christian marketing firms. Lionsgate released the film in three theaters on , 2014 and expanded its distribution on the weekend of the U.S. holiday Independence Day on July 4, 2014. The film grossed , which made it the highest-grossing documentary in the United States in 2014, though D'Souza's previous documentary "2016: Obama's America" had grossed over . Most professional film critics called the film poorly-made and partisan. Political commentators were critical of D'Souza's rebuttal of Howard Zinn's criticisms, the filmmaker's treatment of Saul Alinsky, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, and D'Souza's depiction of his own criminal prosecution. On the other hand, conservative commentators expressed a mix of full and qualified support for the documentary and D'Souza's intentions.

Setting the stage for a presentation of their views, D'Souza and Sullivan provide counterfactual histories in which George Washington is killed during the Revolutionary War, or the country is divided following civil war, creating a world without America that would be vastly worse off. D'Souza identifies himself as an Indian immigrant who chose America, and has been impressed with what a unique force for good it is, something Americans have traditionally agreed with. He claims modern leftists are “telling a new story”, however, contradicting traditional veneration for America in order to “convince a nation to author its own destruction” and “unmake the America that is here now.” He then challenges several "indictments" made against the country and American exceptionalism, including sociology professor and activist Michael Eric Dyson's claim that “Thievery" was the “critical element” for “American empire” and historian and activist Ward Churchill's assertion that the US is the world's new evil empire, and says that 1960s Chicago radical Saul Alinsky, historian Howard Zinn, and others have promoted guilt and resentment regarding wealth inequality that has helped shape the political careers of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.

D'Souza argues that America's wealth has been created, not stolen. He says the $700 used to purchase colonial Manhattan from American Indians could buy many desolate parcels globally today, but that individual industry has made New York real estate worth billions. He states that in Europe, India, and elsewhere most countries have been founded on conquest, and observes that the American pattern of wealth creation hasn't been the universal norm. He cites examples like Arab historian Ibn Khaldun preferring looting to trade and says that merchants form Hinduism’s second-lowest social caste.

The film argues that American Indians exhibited this "conquest ethic" among themselves, and that most of the American Indian depopulation that occurred during European colonization resulted from the accidental transmission of plagues (which had earlier devastated Europe), not from an intent to wipe out a people. The film argues that modern American Indians have little interest in returning to their hunter-gatherer past. In an interview, Senator Ted Cruz compares the Texas Revolution to the American Revolution. Professor and Reconquista advocate Charles Truxillo is contrasted with an interviewed American of Mexican descent who says he has no desire to return to a poverty and crime ridden Mexico and instead wants to live the "American Dream".

D'Souza says that slavery impeded American development, rather than boosting it. The film argues that slavery was an omnipresent phenomenon for most of human history, but that its abolition was "uniquely Western", noting the rarity of a "great war fought to end slavery" like the American Civil War. According to the film the Declaration of Independence essentially says “liberty is the solution to injustice,” a “promissory note” cashed throughout history by Americans such as Martin Luther King, Jr.. C.J. Walker, the black entrepreneur and daughter of slaves who is regarded as America's first self made female millionaire, is cited as an example of the type of individual success story the American system allows that is ignored by historians like Zinn because it undermines their leftist narrative. Columbia University economist Jagdish Bhagwati is shown saying that the “world is embracing the free market,” for which there is “no reason for us to be apologetic.” The film attempts to outline how somewhat free enterprise and consumer "choice" rather than "coercion", have possibly raised living standards by making existing goods cheaper and creating new ones.

D'Souza conducted interviews with the following individuals:

"America: Imagine the World Without Her" is directed by Dinesh D'Souza and John Sullivan. The two wrote a screenplay with Bruce Schooley based on D'Souza's book of the same title. The documentary was produced under the director's company D'Souza Entertainment. Sullivan said he was inspired by the History Channel miniseries "The Men Who Built America", "I really thought that there was something in that style which allows you to tell a bigger story." The director said the fiscal success of "" allowed the filmmakers to raise financing for "America". Re-enactment scenes were filmed in Camden, South Carolina. Actor John Koopman III, a resident of Colchester, Connecticut who had portrayed General George Washington at state and national parks throughout the United States, was cast to portray Washington in the documentary. Koopman brought his own historical wardrobe and horse for filming, which took place in Camden over the course of four days.

The filmmakers chose to feature clips of celebrities including Woody Harrelson, Matt Damon, and Bono to illustrate the documentary's points to audiences who may be unfamiliar with historical figures like Frederick Douglass. Harrelson is shown condemning the United States's treatment of Native Americans. The film also shows Howard Zinn's history book "A People's History of the United States" being mentioned by Damon's character in the film "Good Will Hunting" as well as in the TV series "The Sopranos". A clip featuring Bono, who did not participate in the production, is shown to illustrate support for American exceptionalism.

The filmmakers also sought to license the song "It's America" recorded by Rodney Atkins, but the licensing was denied by one of the songwriters due to the political premise of the documentary. They instead involved Dave Mustaine, founder of Megadeth, who recorded a heavy metal guitar version of "The Star Spangled Banner" for the film. The filmmakers also licensed the song "America" by Imagine Dragons and "Home" by Phillip Phillips.

In addition to the theatrical cut, D'Souza edited an 80-minute cut for educational purposes, removing interviews with political pundits. He said, "It's all purely historical content now."

D'Souza released the trailer for "America: Imagine the World Without Her" on , 2014. He later screened the trailer to at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington, DC on , 2014. The filmmakers hired Christian marketing firms to create a sermon, replete with video clips, based on the documentary, and make it available for download. "The Hollywood Reporter" said on , 2014 that over 1,000 preachers had downloaded the sermon and that insiders expected the number to reach 5,000 before the film's release. The filmmakers also emailed 120,000 evangelical churches asking them to promote the film and hired the company Faithit.com to contact 80,000 Christian consumers. In the following July, D'Souza and fellow filmmaker Bruce Schooley traveled to the state of Texas to promote the documentary on radio and television programs owned by Glenn Beck.

D'Souza wrote the book "America: Imagine the World Without Her", on which the documentary is based. Shortly before the film's release, the warehouse club Costco pulled the book from its shelves, saying its action was due to low sales. D'Souza called Costco's explanation "preposterous" and noted that his book had only been out a few weeks and was ranked #1 on Amazon.com's bestseller list, while Costco continued to stock hundreds of much lower-selling books. D'Souza asserted the book was pulled because one of Costco's co-founders, James Sinegal, supported Obama's politics. Rush Limbaugh and other media voices on the political right supported D'Souza with widespread criticism of Costco. Costco reordered the book and cited the documentary's release and related interest for the reorder.

Since "America: Imagine the World Without Her" and its predecessor "2016: Obama's America" share "America" in their titles, several film websites, including Rotten Tomatoes, Yahoo! Movies, and MovieTickets.com, had difficulty presenting results for the newer documentary. While these websites resolved the results, the filmmakers contacted the search engine Google to complain about a lack of immediate search results pertaining to the documentary. Other results, including "2016: Obama's America" and "" and "", were being shown instead. They expressed concern that a lack of results, including showtimes, would affect the documentary's gross. D'Souza claimed that the lack of search results was politically motivated on Google's part. A preliminary fix stopped listing results for either of D'Souza's documentaries. Google said the term "America" being common in film titles prevented specific results, and it updated its Knowledge Graph to show results for the 2014 documentary.

In August 2014, the nonprofit organization Movie to Movement invited President Barack Obama and members of the United States Congress to a free screening of "America". "The Hollywood Reporter" said the organization "helps to promote small, wholesome movies, many of which seem to have a Christian or conservative theme to them though the group is non-partisan". Movie to Movement's founder and CEO said he budgeted $5,500 to pay for the politicians' tickets and would secure delivery of a digital copy if the documentary was not available in a theater near a politician.

Lionsgate, which handled home entertainment distribution for D'Souza's previous film "", acquired rights to distribute "America: Imagine the World Without Her" in theaters in the United States. Historically, it distributed in theaters two political documentaries, "Fahrenheit 9/11" (2004) and "Religulous" (2008). The UK-based Manifest Film Sales acquired rights to distribute "America" outside the United States with the goal of screening the documentary at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival, but the screening did not take place.

Lionsgate gave the film a limited release in three theaters in the U.S. cities Atlanta and Houston on , 2014. The cities were selected for premiering "America" since "2016: Obama's America" performed well in them in 2012. "The Hollywood Reporter" said "America" "opened to solid numbers" with $39,000 for a theater average of $13,000. The distributor then planned a wide release for the weekend of the U.S. holiday Independence Day on , 2014. On , 2014, Lionsgate expanded the release to . For the weekend of , 2014, it grossed and ranked 11th at the box office. The film concluded its theatrical run after with a total gross of . "The Hollywood Reporter" said the gross was "a very strong showing for a documentary film". For 2014, "America" was the highest-grossing documentary in the United States. The film did not perform as well as "2016: Obama's America", which grossed over . To date, "America" ranks as the sixth highest-grossing political documentary in the United States.

Lionsgate released the film on Digital HD on , 2014 and on DVD and Blu-ray on , 2014, a week before the national Election Day on . The home media included of additional footage, including interviews with Ted Cruz, Ward Churchill, Star Parker, and former prisoner of war John Fer. For the week ending , 2014, it ranked third in disc sales after "" and "Mr. Peabody & Sherman". It ranked seventh in Blu-ray sales with 26% of discs sold being Blu-ray.

"The Times-Picayune" reported, "'America' wasn't widely screened for critics, but the first handful of reviews are... not particularly glowing," saying that the reviews essentially labeled the film as "partisan". "The News-Press" reported, "'America' has been criticized by some as offensive, right-wing propaganda." The film review website Metacritic surveyed and assessed 10 reviews as negative and 1 as mixed, with none being positive. It gave a weighted average score of 15 out of 100, indicating "overwhelming dislike". Rotten Tomatoes surveyed and, categorizing the reviews as positive or negative, assessed 22 as negative and 2 as positive. Of the , it determined an average rating of 2.87 out of 10. The website gave the film an overall score of 8% and the site's consensus stated: "Passionate but poorly constructed, "America" preaches to the choir." According to "The Hollywood Reporter"s Paul Bond, the film performed well in its limited theatrical release, "overcoming several negative reviews in the mainstream media". Bond reported, "Conservatives... seem thrilled with the movie." "USA Today"s Bryan Alexander said, "America was savaged by mainstream critics... It received an 8% critical score on RottenTomatoes.com... But the film received an 88% positive audience score on the same website."

Joe Leydon, reviewing for "Variety", called "America" "a slick, sprawling celebration of American exceptionalism that could, much like its predecessor, make a bundle by rigorously reinforcing the deeply held beliefs and darkest suspicions of its target audience". Leydon said the acting in the historical re-enactments was of inconsistent quality. The critic found that D'Souza gave screen time to those with whom he disagreed, but said, "For the most part, however, D'Souza gives the impression of someone obsessed with whitewashing any and all dark chapters in U.S. history books." Leydon commended the documentary's "tech values" as well as composer Bryan E. Miller's opening theme. "The Hollywood Reporter"s Stephen Farber said D'Souza overstated "anti-American tenets ostensibly running rampant in our society" and that his responses to critiques of America "aren't very convincing". Farber said of the film's production quality, "The battle scenes are competent but no more than that, and the performances are perfunctory at best." Farber said the historical re-enactments would not impress moviegoers who had seen many other historical films, though he called Ben Huddleston's cinematography "striking". The critic concluded, "Here is one more dubious piece of agitprop that will delight the author’s fans and have very little impact on his opponents." Metacritic scored each trade paper's review of the film to be 30 out of 100.

Metacritic assessed reviews from "The A.V. Club", Indiewire's "The Playlist", "Slant Magazine", and "TheWrap" as fully negative with no merit given. "TheWrap"s James Rocchi said the documentary had straw man arguments favoring D'Souza and had anecdotes in place of data, "The film is intellectually and factually spurious, in addition to being... deeply self-serving." Rocchi called "America" "technically inept" with "clumsy" editing and added, "The sound mix is incomprehensibly sloppy. Graphics look slapdash; historical recreations are either cheap-looking, unintentionally funny, or both." The critic said while liberal filmmaker Michael Moore "may be self-important at his worst", that he could direct a better film than D'Souza and Sullivan. "The A.V. Club"s David Ehrlich also said "America" had straw man arguments, "[D'Souza and Sullivan are] hellbent on pacifying the American guilt they believe was responsible for Obama’s election, desperately attempting to assuage the national conscience about the evils of colonialism, capitalism, and racism." Ehrlich said, "It's admirable that D'Souza is so willing to engage people who don't share his perspective, but his editing and the instructive music with which he pushes it suggest that he's not particularly interested in what they have to say."

Rob Humanick, reviewing for "Slant Magazine", said "The cynically opportunistic "America" descends into another one-note attack on the sitting president, beholden to the same plethora of taboos, half-truths, and outright lies traded en masse by mainstream conservatism for the last seven years." Humanick called the documentary "a carefully cultivated collection of false equivalencies, hyperbolic pronouncements, blatant recontextualizations of others' arguments, and shameless appeals to patriotism, all within a vaguely fear-mongering framework of demonizing the other". The critic said exceptions were cited to excuse America's history and that D'Souza's criticism of Obama did not ask "greater fundamental questions". Humanick concluded, "Anyone who's ever actually studied history outside of public education, or read the texts alluded to throughout America (such as Howard Zinn's "A People's History of the United States"), will understand the degree to which history has been flattened and narratives simplified for the sake of lending greater legitimacy to these binary-reliant 'lessons.'" Gabe Toro, reviewing for "The Playlist", said, "The film plays out like more of a bullet-point presentation than an actual film, taking each argument he thinks liberal minds are having and dissecting each, cherry-picking anomalies in order to confront some sort of liberal 'truth' that doesn't exist." Toro called the documentary "artless propaganda, uninformed, sensationalistic and devoted to buzzphrases, ...simplicity, ...and grandstanding". The critic said, "Insidiously, these are some of the ways D'Souza and co-director John Sullivan keep the film brisk and conventionally entertaining... Filled with soaring guitars, pointless blacksmith montages and recreations with porn-level production values... it's all fist-pumping anti-thought, consisting of baseless revisionist history and idle contrarianism."

"Los Angeles Times"s Martin Tsai, whose review Metacritic scored to be 40 out of 100, the highest of its sample of 11, said, "He attempts to debunk [Howard] Zinn through apagoge, as if finding an exception to Zinn's every rule will invalidate Zinn's entire argument... D'Souza makes some cogent points yet will not concede the existence of any gray area. The possibility that he and Zinn could both be right seems unfathomable." Tsai said, "'America' seems more intent on editorializing, razzling and dazzling than on stimulating civic debate." He summarized, "It's far more invested in elaborate historical reenactments, hypothetical dramatizations and special effects than interviews, research and data."

"U.S. News & World Report"s Nicole Hemmer said D'Souza's documentary was intended for conservatives and conveyed the premise that leftist radicals portrayed American history as shameful to win political power. Simon van Zuylen-Wood, writing in "National Journal", said the film treated "the radical-left worldview of marginal figures like Bill Ayers" as representative of American liberalism and that it engaged "in a selective historiography" like minimizing slavery in the United States by highlighting the existence of black slaveholders. Zuylen-Wood also compared D'Souza to liberal filmmaker Michael Moore in how both use their roots to convey their messages and how they are both central characters in their documentaries, introducing "one ideological pathology after another" to moviegoers.

Mark Stricherz of "The Atlantic" said that D'Souza message suffered "the intellectual pitfalls of ignoring the critics", finding that he did not contextualize Obama's phrase "You didn't build that" in "America". Stricherz said, "At times, "America" lives up to D'Souza’s old intellectual standards. He meets in person with left-wing critics... He argues persuasively that Alexis de Tocqueville is a more reliable guide than Howard Zinn to troubling episodes in early American history such as slavery and the treatment of Native Americans." Stricherz concluded, "D'Souza's pride, his belief he needs neither intellectual nor moral critics, has brought about his fall from the first rank of conservative intellectuals." John Tamny of "Forbes" said, "D’Souza's "America" is noble in its effort to discredit myths about the U.S. as a genocidal, thieving, racist, capitalistically rapacious nation, but really, who believes this? It’s popular in the victimized portion of the conservative movement to assert that those who love the U.S., freedom, and the prosperity it delivers do so in silence out of fear that the majority haters will persecute them for having those views, but let’s be serious. This extreme kind of thinking is all too rare as we all well know."

John Fund of "National Review" said the documentary was a response to U.S. progressive critique of the country: "D'Souza's film and his accompanying book are a no-holds-barred assault on the contemporary doctrine of political correctness." Fund said D'Souza's message was "deeply pessimistic" but concluded, "Most people will leave the theater with a more optimistic conclusion: Much of the criticism of America taught in the nation’s schools is easily refuted, America is worth saving, and we have the tools to do so in our DNA, just waiting to be harnessed." "National Review"s Jay Nordlinger said: "Dinesh is the anti-Moore: taking to the big screen to press conservative points... The shame narrators (let’s call them) focus on maybe 20 percent of the American story. Dinesh simply puts the other 80 percent back in." Nordlinger bisected the documentary: "The first [part] deals with the 'shame narrative.' The second deals with today's politics, and in particular presidential politics." The conservative commentator said: "The second movie confirms for me that one of Dinesh’s great advantages is that he is absolutely clear-eyed about the Third World. While liberal Americans romanticize it, he has lived it."

In the liberal Daily Kos blog, Dan Falcone wrote: "D’Souza’s film America sets out to report that anyone who tries to make America more democratic or inclusive is motivated by disdain for the country." Media Matters for America called the film "racially charged agitprop". In "Salon", Elizabeth Stoker Bruenig called it a "laughable embarrassment" which ranges "from atrociously bad argumentation to humiliating propaganda".

In the documentary, D'Souza counters four "indictments" of the United States made by historian Howard Zinn: the treatment of Native Americans, slavery, the transfer of Mexico, and its colonialist behavior. John Fund in "National Review" said, "Consider his treatment of those subjects as his direct rebuttal to... Zinn, whose textbooks treating America’s history as one of ceaseless oppression dominate many American high schools and colleges." Andrew Romano, writing for "The Daily Beast", said Zinn was for D'Souza "a somewhat smaller target" than Obama in his previous documentary. Romano said the filmmaker's counterarguments were disingenuous and did not prove Zinn wrong. "U.S. News & World Report"s Hemmer said D'Souza's statement that Zinn's book "A People's History of the United States" was part of mainstream education was incorrect: "Though influential, the book was hardly hegemonic. It was even sharply criticized by prominent historians." Hemmer said Eric Foner's textbook "Give Me Liberty!" was more common than Zinn's book and was even critical of the book as pessimistic.

In the documentary, D'Souza says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were followers of the left-wing activist Saul Alinsky. John Fund of "National Review" said "D'Souza is the first filmmaker to mine the rich material showing the radicalism of Alinsky." "National Review"s Jay Nordlinger said "I myself depart a bit from D'Souza on Alinskyism: I regard Obama and Hillary as mainstream Democrats, no different from Nancy Pelosi, John Kerry, and the rest of the gang. And this gang commands the respect, or at least the votes, of approximately half the country." Gabe Toro, reviewing for Indiewire's "The Playlist", said D'Souza "flat-out compares" Alinsky to the Devil and then suggests Alinsky's influence on Clinton and Obama. "National Journal"s Zuylen-Wood said despite Alinsky dying when Obama was a teenager in Hawaii, the film portrayed Obama as one of Alinsky's "most famous disciples". "U.S. News & World Report"s Hemmer said Alinsky was a focus in D'Souza's film because President Obama was not up for reelection in 2016, so his argument about Obama's heritage could not apply to Hillary Clinton if she became a Presidential candidate. With Obama and Clinton both having links to Alinsky, Hemmer said Alinsky "has become the natural conduit to transfer criticisms of Obama to Clinton".

"The Guardian"s Ben Beaumont-Thomas said Hillary Clinton was a key focus in the documentary due to the likelihood of her being a candidate in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Beaumont-Thomas said the TV networks NBC and CNN avoided producing miniseries about Clinton, "Both right- and leftwing voices expressed concern that the series would be either too favourable to Clinton or too politically cautious. Liberal voices will now likely clamour for a counterweight to D'Souza's film."

Toward the end of the film, D'Souza shows himself on camera wearing handcuffs, referring to his criminal conviction for violating election campaign finance laws. Joseph Amodeo, a political scientist and policy researcher for "The Huffington Post", said the scene "appears to be an apology to his 'fans' and an awkward show of penance for recent improprieties on his part." Michael Berkowitz, also writing for "The Huffington Post", said of the scene, "[D'Souza's] suggestion that his own criminal conviction and his cheating on his wife are the result of political targeting are embarrassing and without support." "National Review"s Fund said of the scene, "He clearly conveys his view that he was selectively prosecuted. But viewers should take the film on its own merits, he says, regardless of what they think of him."

Alan Hays, a Republican member of the Florida State Senate, saw "America" in theaters in July 2014 and subsequently announced his intent to propose state legislation to require middle school and high school students in Florida's public school system to see the film. Hays said, "I've looked at history books and talked to history teachers and the message the students are getting is very different from what is in the movie. It's dishonest and insulting. The students need to see the truth without political favoritism." Hays said he would not object if "America" was paired with a liberal film and that he would requisition copies of "America" from charitable groups to give schools to avoid burdening Florida's taxpayers. In November 2014, Hays filed a bill in the state senate to require seeing the documentary. The "Tampa Bay Times" said Hays "received heavy criticism that he was foisting propaganda on children". Hays asked Neil Combee, a Republican member of the Florida House of Representatives, to support his bill. After Combee watched the documentary and discussed it, he agreed to file a companion bill. Combee filed the House bill in the following December, and the "Times" said the companion bill increased the likelihood of the legislation being adopted. The proposed bill required all of Florida's eighth and eleventh graders to watch "America". The bill includes an option for parents to opt their children out of the film screening.

The liberal advocacy group People for the American Way criticized it for supporting a political documentary and as a cinematic selection by legislators rather than educators. Southwest Florida's television station WINK-TV reported that critics said the legislation was "propaganda and ignorant". The head of Collier County's local Libertarian Party, Jared Grifoni, did not contest the content but the attempted requirement, "We should be working to get rid of political and social engineering in schools regardless which side of the aisle is pushing it. This is the right side of the aisle pushing their agenda on students while accusing the left of the same thing."

The House bill garnered eight co-sponsors. It ultimately died in the K-12 Subcommittee on , 2015. The Senate bill died in the Committee on Pre-K to 12 on , 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="43150585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43150585" title="The Beloved Vagabond (1915 film)">
The Beloved Vagabond (1915 film)

The Beloved Vagabond is a 1915 romantic drama film directed by Edward José and starring Edwin Arden. Originally, prints of the film were hand-colored. Darius Milhaud wrote the music to be played with this silent film.

The film is based on the 1906 novel "The Beloved Vagabond" by William John Locke. Two other film versions were made "The Beloved Vagabond" in 1923 and "The Beloved Vagabond" in 1936.

The wealthy Gaston de Nerac (Arden) decides to live as a tramp until he falls in love.




</doc>
<doc id="43151372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43151372" title="If You Build It">
If You Build It

If You Build It is a 2013 documentary directed by Patrick Creadon, produced by Neal Baer, and filmed on location largely in the town of Windsor and surrounding Bertie County, North Carolina, the state's poorest county.

The documentary follows a year in the life of an innovative, design-based high school program, culminating with the design and sixteen-week construction of a farmer's market pavilion, the only farmers market pavilion in the U.S. designed and built by high school students.

The film's title is a truncated reference to the catchphrase "if you build it, he will come," from the 1989 film, "Field of Dreams".

In 2010, Superintendent of Public Schools for Bertie County, Chip Zullinger (1951-2014) had been hired to address the school district's serious shortcomings. After completing four large architectural projects with designer Emily Pilloton (author of the 2009 book "Design Revolution") and architect Matt Miller, Zullinger invited the two to create a high school curriculum.

Pilloton and Miller described the curriculum, ultimately named Studio H, as shop class for the 21st century, where the design process could address the community's problems and its own sense of possibility. Named after its focus on "humanity, habitats, health and happiness," the curriculum "empowered young people to become creative problem solvers and at the same time encourage them to become more active citizens." Variety quoted Pilloton, saying the project's purpose was to "plant small seeds in our students that years from now could result in a new kind of resource."

Pilloton and partner Miller, worked with 10 (initially 13) high school students at Bertie Early College High School through the year-long, full-scale design/build curriculum — following six design rules: there is no design without critical action; we work 'with' not 'for;' we start locally and scale globally; create systems, not stuff; document, share and measure; and finally build. The students began the school year with constructing water purifiers from clay and cow pies. After designing, constructing and selling corn hole boards, the students follow with full-scale chicken coops of their own design and culminate the year with the design and construction of an open-air farmer's market, which subsequently became known as the "Windsor Super Market" (depicted on the movie poster above, right).

The project team and the community had identified a new farmer's market as a viable and desirable community project, and under the leadership of Pilloton and Miller the students focused on developing design and construction skills: critical thinking, research (e.g., analyzing Buckminster Fuller's Dymaxion House), sketching, and drafting, along with welding and real-world construction trades. Pilloton and Miller in turn completed construction documents and specifications, worked with a structural engineer and filed for construction permits — while also preparing and conducting three hours of daily classroom instruction.

The film backtracks to tell the story of Matt Miller and his thesis project from the Cranbrook Academy, where he designed and constructed along with classmate Thomas Gardner a 900 sf, two-story infill house. The house was ultimately abandoned, leading Miller to conclude the project failed because the end-user was insufficiently engaged and invested in process.

Together the Project H team identified student Stevie Mizelle's preliminary concept model to develop further, subsequently completing construction of the farmer's market to approximately 75% before the school year ended. The design features a large wood platform for vendor booths with vertical wood trusses supporting a rectilinear roofed canopy with wood slats designed to filter and control solar glare; a main floor at the same height above grade as a pickup truck bed, allowing vendors to back up to the "loading dock" at each vendor stall and walk their goods directly off their truck into their booth; and a long ramp at the front to allow pedestrian accessibility and to provide a symbolic front porch for visitors.

Early in the school year, Pilloton and Miller chose to continue with the project after Zullinger, their prime backer, was dismissed by the school board, and the board became unwilling to underwrite the curriculum and withdrew their offered salaries. Pilloton and Miller continued to work with the students and subsequently completed construction of the farmer's market after the school year ended. The Windsor Super Market opened in October 2011.

Students featured in "Studio H" were Erick Bowen, Rodecoe Dunlow, Kerron Hayes, Anthony Johnson, Stevie Mizelle, Cameron Perry, Cj Robertson, Jamesha Thompson, Colin White and Alexia Williams. The film also features County Commissioner Ron Wesson as well as volunteer Eric Wandmacher (friend of Pilloton and Miller) and Superintendent of Public Schools, Chip Zullinger.

Prior to one-year Studio H curriculum in Bertie County, Pilloton and Miller had completed four architectural projects with the school board, as backed by Superintendent Zullinger: four playgrounds, three computer labs, a weight room for the football team, and a county-wide graphic campaign. Friction on the school board developed with another Zullinger-backed project, "Connect Bertie," a project to bring free county-wide internet connectivity by paying an outside entity, Century Link, to provide the internet services at a cost of $2 million annually. The tension culminated with Zullwinger's dismissal, followed a reversal of the dismissal and then acceptance of his resignation. Without his support and the offered salaries, Zullwinger's departure directly threatened the Studio H project.

Other tensions arose, and in a 2013 interview, Pilloton identified a racially and politically charged context that surrounded the curriculum and the project — describing Bertie County as a place where "hundreds of years of slavery and institutionalized racism is very much still alive and kicking." On release of the film, Pilloton and Miller said "they said they still believe it was fear of change – not lack of money in a budget that topped $30 million – that ultimately led to the board's decision."

Pilloton had grown up near Mt. Tamalpais, California, attributing the German toy "Quadro" with inspiring her interest in design. She later studied at the College of Environmental Design, UC Berkeley and the Art Institute of Chicago, during a period when there was no curriculum but when there was a 100,000 sf shop class.

Matt Miller was born in West Virginia and has architecture degrees from the University of Tennessee and Cranbrook Academy of Art. He has taught architecture and design at the Rhode Island School of Design, the College of Creative Studies, and UC Berkeley — and worked with Architecture for Humanity. Miller was the first student at the Cranbrook Academy to design and also build his thesis project (along with classmate Thomas Gardner): a 900 sf, two-story block infill house at 2126 Pierce Street in Poletown, Detroit. The house, ultimately abandoned, had a construction budget of $60,000 and used all-volunteer labor along with carefully selected materials (e.g., concrete block and rubber membrane roofing) to keep costs down.

As of mid-2014, the film had received a rating on Rotten Tomatoes of 81% favorable critic response and 100% favorable audience response.

"Architectural Record" called the film "A document of America at its most vulnerable." "The New York Times" reviewer Nicolas Rapold said "the movie's biggest weakness comes with its tendency to film people telling us what's going on rather than having us observe."

Pilloton and Miller, who had been a couple, split up some time after the period depicted in the documentary. Matthew Miller is now the lead design/build instructor at (co)studio, a public high school program in Carbondale, Colorado. Pilloton continues to direct Studio H, which is now in its fourth year, at the REALM Charter School in Berkeley, California.

Studio H has grown to include more than 200 students, a staff of seven (paid) and 24 built projects around the country (as of mid 2014). In Bertie County as of 2012, the Studio H program had completed 15 architectural and design projects, worked with 26 students and (in addition to the farmer's market pavilion) constructed two roadside farmstands for important county intersections, and organized a town-managed association for local farmers. Students have worked on these projects for high school and college credits as well as stipends.

Early in the film, student Stevie Mizelle — whose preliminary design for the farmer's market was ultimately selected by the team for design development — joked: "school, I hate it, my dad hated it, my granddaddy hated it. I'm carrying on a tradition." He currently studies animal behavior at North Carolina State University in Raleigh, NC, and made Dean's List his freshman year. He was the first male relative in his immediate family to graduate from high school, attributing his graduation to his work with Studio H.
Chip Zullinger died suddenly in April 2014. Zullinger, widely described as ahead of his time, told Patrick Creadon, director of "If you Build it," he had been fired at least eight times and wore that as a badge of honor. Creadon described Zullinger as a "renegade school superintendent, a great thinker and a steamroller when it came to getting kids the education they deserve."



</doc>
<doc id="43152018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43152018" title="Evidence (2013 film)">
Evidence (2013 film)

Evidence is a 2013 crime thriller film directed by Olatunde Osunsanmi and written by John Swetnam. The film stars Torrey DeVitto, Caitlin Stasey, Harry Lennix, Svetlana Metkina, Dale Dickey, Radha Mitchell, and Stephen Moyer and was released by Bold Films on July 19, 2013. It follows two detectives on their investigation of a brutal massacre, with their only leads being recording devices found at the crime scene.

The film begins by showing the aftermath of the massacre in Kidwell, Nevada.

Police are first seen going over the crime scene, showing the aftermath of everything that has happened. The story then moves to a press conference with reporters asking questions about the massacre to the lead Detective Burquez, who states that the police are looking into the matter. After the conference, a disheveled Detective Reese asks to be put on the case, to which Detective Burquez assents.
They move to a situation room with a TV and multiple computers going over information from the case. Here we learn that there were four video cameras found at the crime scene and two survivors. They load up the first video camera and begin to watch.

We see a woman practicing lines for a play, then the video jumps to a man playing guitar and a surprise party for the woman celebrating getting a part in a play. This is Leann, and her friend Rachel is behind the camera.
The video shows Leann and her boyfriend Tyler at Leann's play, where he proposes; she declines and he walks off stage angry. The video shows the girls making a video to Tyler to apologize for the proposal and to continue with a trip that was previously planned. The three are shown getting onto a shuttle bus heading to Las Vegas, driven by Ben. Along the way we see people being picked up and we meet Vicki, a dancer, and Steven, a 16-year-old runaway.

While watching the video the detectives notice another person on the bus, a woman. Zooming in, they notice that she is carrying a military duffle bag full of money. Focusing on the bag, they get the name Fleishman.

While en route to Las Vegas, some of the passengers notice that they're not on any main roads, but dirt roads. Rachel is asking where they are going when the bus hits something and flips; they find that what they hit was barbed wire. Ben mentions he saw a truck repair shop a few miles back, and the group begin to walk back to the repair shop.
At the shop where Ben looks around for a phone, and locates a damaged service phone. Back with the group, he asks Rachel if her camera has a light, since the sun will be going down, and Vicki opens a gift box with a small hand held camera, also with a light. Ben tells the women to gather everyone together.
As Rachel goes looking for Leann in one of the buildings, the lights flicker on and Steven stumbles out of a room covered in blood. Chasing after him, the others find Steven and Rachel. Leann believes she sees someone and they all run into one of the buildings.

The video pauses and we watch as the detectives contemplate Steven as the first victim. We also find out about the mystery woman on the bus, Katrina Fleishman. Katrina is married to a military man hospitalized with posttraumatic stress disorder. Katrina withdrew her husband's savings worth $90,000 in cash and left town.

The detectives begin looking at camera number two, from Ben's perspective. He locates a fuse box and is able to get the electricity turned on; the camera shifts to another person in the group. A woman walks towards a bundle of debris, looking for a flare gun, but she is not able to reach it as she is grabbed from behind, and her face is smashed into the debris as she screams and fights; she has her arm burned off by a cutting torch and set on fire.

Detective Reese sees a reflection in a pane of glass when the woman is grabbed. Using a computer to focus, a welding mask can be seen. Detective Burquez makes a connection to Katrina Fleishman's husband, a machinist in the military, and wants his picture publicised. Detective Reese continues to watch the remaining video.

Back to camera one: Rachel is heard crying and everyone is frightened after Steven's death. Moving to one of the empty buildings they calm down, and discuss how to get out of the area.
The video jumps to Rachel and Ben going to the bus for tools with Leann and Tyler looking out. Ben looks for tools to help fix the phone they found earlier and finds a flare gun. They hear a noise outside and Ben gets out and is presumably murdered by the killer, who tries to get to Rachel with his welding tool, but she runs back to the repair shop.

Here she learns from Vicki that Leann and Tyler went looking for her and have not returned. Katrina tells the other women "He's here" and Rachel uses her camera's night vision to look outside. They see a person in a welding mask, who shoots the flare gun at them. hitting Katrina in the stomach. All the women run to a nearby building, where they find Leann, she explains that Tyler was taken and she doesn't know what happened to him. Rachel uses her camera's night vision again and sees the flare gun out in the yard. Vicki decides to make a run for the gun, Leann gives Vicki her ring for luck and Vicki leaves to get the gun. They watch as Vicki goes towards the gun but once there they watch as the killer murders Vicki. Leann and Rachel huddle together after watching Vicki die when they hear someone outside the building and Ben stumbles in. Ben was left to die but was able to make it back to the repair shop with the wires needed to fix the phone.

The frame pauses and the technician tells Detective Reese he was able to find footage on Katrina's phone camera, Detective Burquez comes in with the news that Katrina's husband has been located in a Hollywood hotel and is going to be arrested. We then see what is on Katrina's camera.

Katrina, looking in the camera, begins talking about how the police will be scrambling over the scene to find out what is happening. She makes a dying request to be with the one she loves, Gerry Fleishman, her husband, and asks to be buried in the plot next to his. She goes over some of her husband's mental and physical disabilities after he came back from war, about celebrities being famous for no reason, and she speaks of God; the camera then stalls and flickers to a new image of the killer, we watch as Katrina's neck is sliced and she is killed while her camera records.

The detectives receive a call from a police officer in Hollywood, who explains to Detective Burquez that Gerald Fleishman has been dead for approximately a week, having shot himself and left only a note telling Katrina to withdraw their savings and go to Las Vegas to enjoy life. 
Now without a suspect, they attempt to figure out who the killer might be. 
On Katrina's phone footage they read something the killer wrote on a mirror, "Fear me like you fear God," and realize that the crime was planned and staged for them to figure out, and that the murderer had killed before. They begin to focus on Ben, the bus driver, since the trip was non-stop and Ben had mentioned a stop while driving down the gravel road. The detectives begin watching Rachel's video again.

We see Ben, Leann and Rachel move to another building, where Katrina is found dead. They move to a barn where Ben barricades the door, but while the women aren't looking, he disappears. Leann is grabbed and pulled from behind by someone unknown, and the camera goes dark as Rachel hides, turns the night vision on and sees Ben come towards her and fall. Taking the wire from him she attempts to re-connect the phone, but the killer appears with the welding torch. As she escapes from the barn it explodes, knocking her down; the killer catches her and sets her on fire with the cutting torch.

The video freezes, as no more footage is left from this camera. Finally, Steven's cell phone camera shows the truck stopping.

Steven begins talking to his mom about running away and scanning the scene in front of him, as he turns he sees Leann turn down Tyler's proposal; as Steven becomes angry and walks out, the video flickers out.

The detectives turn to the technician, who tells them that the memory card in the phone is missing, Detective Reese notices the news on one of the screens and asks for the volume to be raised. The media have gotten the footage from the crime scene and released it to the public. Now they attempt to figure out how the footage was leaked and Burquez is called to her superior's office.
Officer Jenson comes in with the background requested on the bus driver Ben, whose real name is William Gentry. It shows he had been convicted of attempting to rob a bank in the past. Reese has an idea while looking at the case photos and leaves to speak with one of the survivors. 
We watch through the interrogation room camera as Detective Reese begins speaking to Leann.

Detective Reese begins to explain to Leann that Tyler is in the hospital and doctors are caring for him. They begin to discuss grief and Reese tells Leann his history with grief, how his daughter had been abducted and later found murdered. He explains that a serial killer kills for attention and sport; they like to play god. He begs Leann to try to remember the events from the crime. Reese begins to ask about Ben and Leann explains what happened just after Rachel, Ben and herself entered the barn to fix the damaged phone. She tells of being grabbed and later coming to and watching Rachel fight the killer, she was able to crawl out of the building before the explosion, and saw Steven choking on something and covered in his blood. Detective Reese realizes that the time line is mixed up, and tells Leann to go home and rest. 
At the morgue, Reese asks about the autopsies on the bodies, and specifically about Steven. Steven was still alive before the building exploded and had been dragged to the building to be burned when it exploded. Leann had mentioned him choking on something, and Reese finds the missing memory card lodged in his throat.

The memory cards resolution is degraded but Reese clears the few frames they have and reveals Tyler wearing the welders mask. Detective Burquez releases his identity to the press as the killer.

In the office, Detective Reese continues to watch the video from Rachel's camera, here he notices glitches in the video. 
While Burquez is speaking at the conference, the reporters begin receiving messages and Burquez is told of a new development. Reese realizes that the videos have been edited for the police to view, with the edits being released to the media. The video now shows Rachel and Leann carefully planning the massacre and framing Tyler for everything. We watch as both women murder each person and stage fake evidence for what they call their "first movie together". The police realize they have been duped and manipulated. In the last scene both women come on screen and tell the camera and audience "Remember the next time someone's filming you, you could be in the sequel."


The film received negative reviews by critics. It currently holds a 6% approval rating on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 3/10 and 16 counted reviews. Metacritic came to a Metascore of 14/100, with critics expressing "overwhelming dislike", based on eight ratings.

"Variety" magazine called it an "aggressively terrible horror quickie" and "proof that the found-footage horror cycle has finally reached its low ebb".


</doc>
<doc id="43156390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43156390" title="Sharktopus vs. Pteracuda">
Sharktopus vs. Pteracuda

Sharktopus vs. Pteracuda is the sequel to the 2010 SyFy original monster film "Sharktopus" and premiered on August 2, 2014. The film is produced by Roger Corman, who directed the Conan O'Brien cameo, and starring Robert Carradine, Katie Savoy, and Rib Hillis. O'Brien makes his acting debut in a scene described as "truly violent, patently disgusting and darkly humorous". It is the second film in the "Sharktopus" franchise.

Sometime after the events of the first film, marine biologist Lorena Christmas (Katie Savoy) discovers an egg sac containing a baby Sharktopus in the ocean, left behind by the destruction of the original Sharktopus.

Sometime later, Dr. Rico Symes (Robert Carradine), CEO of Symodyne, the company that originally created Sharktopus releases a barracuda-pterodactyl hybrid creature known as Pteracuda above the desert, intended for military use, against the advice of head of security Hamilton (Rib Hillis). The Pteracuda, controlled with a computer chip in its brain, is secretly hacked by a scientists at Symodyne named Vladimir Futon to terrorize populated areas. The Pteracuda is directed towards the Symodyne lab, and kills a worker before Hamilton scares it off. Futon flees the scene and continues to control the Pteracuda from his car.

Hamilton and his team of military commandos engage in battle with the Pteracuda in a helicopter and Symes discovers that Pteracuda's computer chip has been hacked, reporting this information to Hamilton. The Pteracuda then causes the helicopter to crash in the ocean, killing everybody except Hamilton. Futon then loses the signal after crashing his car, leaving Pteracuda on his own command.

Meanwhile, Lorena is working at a water park/aquarium owned by her uncle, greedy business mogul Munoz and is currently training the now fully grown Sharktopus. After two customers threaten to give Munoz a one star review, he shows them the Sharktopus only for the couple to almost get killed by the creature. The Sharktopus makes news headlines as Symes realizes that the original Sharktopus had babies.

Symes and Hamilton force Munoz to give Sharktopus to them so they can use it to kill pteracuda much to Lorena's anger. Symes and Hamilton proceed to release Sharktopus into the ocean so it can fight Pteracuda. Sharktopus and Pteracuda kill a few people at diving at a shipwreck before they begin to fight.

Meanwhile, Munoz locks Lorena in a closet to keep her quiet. Although she manages to break out and calls her lifeguard boyfriend Rick Hoffman telling him to evacuate the beach. However, the Sharktopus, and Pteracuda arrive, and kill a few people, including Conan O'Brien.

In the meantime, Symes and Hamilton discover that Futon hacked into Pteracuda's system. At a nearby hotel, Futon regains control of Pteracuda. The Pteracuda crashes a plane and kills everybody on board, including the couple that Munoz showed the Sharktopus to earlier.

Having been paid a ton of money by Symes to keep quiet about Sharktopus, Munoz closes the park for good. The Sharktopus, and Pteracuda kill several more people at the beach before continuing their fight.

Symes and Hamilton kidnap a walking Lorena to force her to help them kill the creatures. Lorena realizes that she read one of Symes' papers back in college. Lorena then escapes Symes while he wasn't looking after seeing Rick pull in an injured woman on the beach. Pteracuda attacks more people on the beach, and Rick goes on a jetski to warn people. Symes catches up to Lorena where they witness Rick being killed by the Pteracuda. The two of them and Hamilton trace Sharktopus' location to a series of nearby canals that are near the aquarium.

Symes discovers that Futon is attempting to cause a meltdown at a nearby nuclear power plant using Pteracuda. He, Lorena, and Hamilton then attempt to drive to the hotel to stop Futon. At the aquarium, Sharktopus arrives and kills several people including Munoz. Lorena, Symes, and Hamilton arrive at the hotel and take Futon hostage. They find out he's working for a foreign terrorist group. It is revealed on a news report that only Symes is wanted by the government for questioning. Futon takes control of Symes' gun and leaves with his computer. Although he is shot by Hamilton in his escape and the group leaves him to be eaten by Pteracuda while Symes stops the Pteracuda's coded course to the power plant.

When the group attempts to drive away, they are attacked by Pteracuda. Symes forces Lorena and Hamilton out of the car with the computer, leaving them for dead. Lorena and Hamilton manage to evade Pteracuda, as it, and the Sharktopus begin to fight again. Hamilton then drives off in another car with the computer intending to kill the creatures himself and Lorena returns home.

The next day, Hamilton confronts Symes at a restaurant holding him at gunpoint and forcing him onto a rowboat with the computer. Symes is ripped in half by Sharktopus and Pteracuda while Hamilton returns to help Lorena.

Lorena realizes that the Pteracuda must eat constantly in order to survive and she and Hamilton create a plan to kill both creatures. Using a disco ball to lure in Pteracuda, Sharktopus also arrives subsequently and the two creatures begin to fight once more. Hamilton shoots the Pteracuda with a harpoon that breaches its computer chip causing it to overload and explode killing both creatures. As Lorena and Hamilton leave, the Sharktopus grabs onto their boat, and lunges at the camera as the film abruptly ends.


The film was followed by a third film called "Sharktopus vs. Whalewolf", which aired on July 19, 2015 on Syfy.

No US DVDs have been made, but there are some DVDs made in Regions 2, 3 and 4, which are available online.


</doc>
<doc id="43159611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43159611" title="The Revenant (2015 film)">
The Revenant (2015 film)

The Revenant is a 2015 American survival drama film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu. The screenplay by Mark L. Smith and Iñárritu is based in part on Michael Punke's 2002 novel of the same name, describing frontiersman Hugh Glass's experiences in 1823. That novel is in turn based on the 1915 poem "The Song of Hugh Glass". The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson, and Will Poulter.

Development began in August 2001 when producer Akiva Goldsman purchased Punke's manuscript. Iñárritu signed on to direct in August 2011 and in April 2014, after several delays due to other projects, Iñárritu confirmed that he was beginning work on "The Revenant" and that DiCaprio would play the lead role. Principal photography began in October 2014. Location and crew concerns delayed the film from May to August 2015.

"The Revenant" premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre on December 16, 2015, and had a limited release on December 25, expanding on January 8, 2016. The film received largely positive reviews, with praise for DiCaprio and Hardy's performances, Iñárritu's direction, and Lubezki's cinematography, although the film's runtime was criticized. It won three Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTA Awards. At the 88th Academy Awards, the film received 12 nominations, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor (Hardy), winning Best Director (Iñárritu), Best Actor (DiCaprio), and Best Cinematography (Emmanuel Lubezki). DiCaprio also won the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award, BAFTA, and Critics' Choice Award for Best Actor.

In late 1823, Hugh Glass guides Captain Andrew Henry's trappers through territory of the present day Dakotas. While he and his half-Pawnee son, Hawk, are hunting, the company's camp is attacked by an Arikara war party seeking to recover their Chief's abducted daughter, Powaqa. Many of the trappers are killed during the fight, while the rest escape onto a boat. Guided by Glass, the survivors travel on foot to Fort Kiowa, as he believes traveling downriver will make them vulnerable. After docking, the crew stashes the pelts near the shore.

While scouting game, Glass is attacked by a grizzly bear and left near death. Trapper John Fitzgerald, fearful of another Arikara attack, argues that the group must mercy-kill Glass and keep moving. Henry agrees, but is unable to pull the trigger; instead, he offers money for someone to stay with Glass and bury him after his death. When the only volunteers are Hawk and the young Jim Bridger, Fitzgerald agrees to stay for money, to recoup his losses from the abandoned pelts.

After the others leave, Fitzgerald attempts to smother Glass but is discovered by Hawk. Fitzgerald, concerned that Hawk's loud reaction to him attempting to kill Glass could alert the Arikara, stabs Hawk to death as Glass watches helplessly. The next morning, Fitzgerald convinces Bridger, who is unaware of Hawk's murder, that the Arikara are approaching and they must abandon Glass. Bridger protests at first, but ultimately follows Fitzgerald after the latter leaves Glass half-buried alive in a makeshift grave. He also leaves his canteen, in which he engraved a spiral symbol, with Glass. After they depart, Fitzgerald admits he lied about the Arikara approaching. When Fitzgerald and Bridger later meet Henry at the fort, Fitzgerald tells him that Glass died and Hawk vanished. Bridger is complicit in the lie about Glass's death, even though he knew nothing of Hawk's.

Glass begins an arduous journey through the wilderness. He performs crude self-surgery and eludes the pursuing Arikara by jumping into white water rapids. Bridger and Fitzgerald scout a pillaged Indian village. Bridger leaves some food behind for a lone survivor. 

Glass encounters Pawnee refugee Hikuc, who says that "revenge is in the Creator's hands." The men share bison meat and travel together. As a storm approaches, Hikuc constructs a makeshift sweat lodge for a feverish Glass to shelter in. After a hallucinogenic experience in the lodge, Glass emerges to discover his wounds healing and Hikuc hanged by French hunters. He infiltrates their camp and sees the leader raping Powaqa. He frees her, kills several hunters, and recovers Hikuc's horse as Powaqa removes her rapist's genitals, leaving Bridger's canteen behind. The next morning, Glass is ambushed by the Arikara and driven over a cliff on his horse. He survives the stormy night by eviscerating the horse and sheltering inside its carcass.

A frightened French survivor staggers into Fort Kiowa and Bridger recognizes his canteen as Glass's due to the spiral symbol. Believing it stolen, Henry organizes a search party. Fitzgerald, realizing Glass is alive, empties the outpost's safe and flees. The search party finds the exhausted Glass. Furious, Henry orders Bridger arrested, but Glass vouches that Bridger wasn't present when Fitzgerald murdered Hawk, and was later deceived by the higher-ranking Fitzgerald. Glass and Henry set out in pursuit of Fitzgerald.

After the two split up, Fitzgerald ambushes, kills and scalps Henry. Glass uses Henry's corpse on his horse as a decoy and shoots Fitzgerald in the arm. He pursues Fitzgerald to a riverbank where they engage in a brutal fight. Glass is about to kill Fitzgerald, but spots a band of Arikara downstream. He remembers Hikuc's words and pushes Fitzgerald downstream into the hands of the Arikara. Elk Dog kills and scalps Fitzgerald and the Arikara (having found Powaqa) spare Glass. Near death, Glass retreats into the mountains where he is visited by the spirit of his wife.

Development of "The Revenant" began in August 2001, with producer Akiva Goldsman acquiring the rights to Michael Punke's then-unpublished manuscript. David Rabe had written the film's script. The production was picked up by Park Chan-wook, with Samuel L. Jackson in mind to star. Park later left the project. The development stalled until 2010, when Mark L. Smith wrote a new adaptation of the novel for Steve Golin's Anonymous Content. In May 2010, Smith revealed that John Hillcoat was attached to direct the film and that Christian Bale was in negotiation to star the movie. Hillcoat left the project in October 2010. Jean-François Richet was considered to replace him, but Alejandro G. Iñárritu signed on to direct in August 2011. Goldsman was also confirmed to be producing with Weed Road Pictures. In November, New Regency Productions joined to produce with Anonymous Content, and 20th Century Fox was confirmed to be distributing the film. Days later, Iñárritu stated that he was seeking Leonardo DiCaprio and Sean Penn for the two lead roles.

Once Iñárritu agreed to direct, he began working with Smith on script rewrites. In an interview with "Creative Screenwriting", Smith admitted during this process he was unsure if Iñárritu would even be able to film some of the sequences they wrote. He recalled, "He would have some ideas and I would say, 'Alejandro, we can’t pull this off. It’s not going to work,' and he would say, 'Mark, trust me, we can do this.' In the end, he was right."

The film was put on hold in March 2012, as New Regency hired Iñárritu to direct an adaptation of "Flim-Flam Man", Jennifer Vogel's non-fiction book about her criminal father. Penn was also under consideration for the lead role in that film. In December 2012, Iñárritu announced that his next film would be "Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance)", a comedy-drama about an actor who once played a famous superhero. For his work, Iñárritu won the Oscar for Best Director and Best Original Screenplay, and the film won Best Picture. Filming took place in March 2013. Iñárritu was scheduled to begin production on "The Revenant" after "Birdman" wrapped.

The film was granted a production budget of $60 million, with $30 million funded by New Regency. Brett Ratner's RatPac-Dune Entertainment, a joint venture between Ratner's RatPac Entertainment and 20th Century Fox's former financing partner, Dune Entertainment, also funded the film. Worldview Entertainment, who also co-financed "Birdman", was originally set to fund the film but backed out in July 2014 due to the departure of its CEO, Christopher Woodrow. New Regency approached 20th Century Fox for additional funding, but the company declined, citing the pay-or-play contracts made for both DiCaprio and Tom Hardy, which would require that the actors be paid regardless of whether the film is completed. Annapurna Pictures' Megan Ellison entered negotiations to finance the film shortly after. The Chinese company Guangdong Alpha Animation and Culture Company partially financed the film.

Principal photography for "The Revenant" began in October 2014. A planned two-week break from filming in December was extended to six weeks which forced Tom Hardy to drop out of "Suicide Squad". In February 2015, Iñárritu, who shot the film using natural lighting, stated that production would last "until the end of April or May", as the crew is "shooting in such remote far-away locations that, by the time we arrive and have to return, we have already spent 40% of the day". Brad Weston, president and CEO of New Regency Pictures, stated that principal photography had been challenging due to the ambitious nature of the film. Ultimately, principal photography wrapped in August 2015.

The film was shot in twelve locations in three countries: Canada, the United States, and Argentina. In Canada, filming took place in Calgary and Fortress Mountain in Alberta, in Kananaskis Country west of Calgary, the Badlands near Drumheller, 
and at Squamish and Mammoth Studios, Burnaby, in British Columbia. The scenes in the waterfall were filmed at the Kootenai Falls near Libby, Montana. While the initial plan was to film entirely in Canada, the weather was ultimately too warm, leading the filmmakers to locations near the Rio Olivia at the tip of Argentina with snow on the ground, to shoot the film's ending.

Crew members often complained about difficult shoots, with many quitting or being fired. Mary Parent was then brought in as a producer. Iñárritu stated that some of the crew members had left the film, explaining that "as a director, if I identify a violin that is out of tune, I have to take that from the orchestra." On his experience filming, DiCaprio stated: "I can name 30 or 40 sequences that were some of the most difficult things I’ve ever had to do. Whether it’s going in and out of frozen rivers, or sleeping in animal carcasses, or what I ate on set. [I was] enduring freezing cold and possible hypothermia constantly."

Iñárritu had stated that he originally wanted to shoot the film chronologically, a process that would have added $7 million to the film's production budget. Iñárritu later confirmed that the film was shot in sequence, despite Hardy's statement that the film could not be shot chronologically, due to weather conditions.

In July 2015, it was reported that the film's budget had ballooned from the original $60 million to $95 million, and by the time production wrapped it had reached $135 million.

The visual effects for "The Revenant" were produced primarily by Industrial Light & Magic (ILM). Other companies, such as Moving Picture Company (MPC) and Cinesite, also created visual effects for the film.

The musical score for "The Revenant" was composed by Japanese musician Ryuichi Sakamoto and German electronic musician Alva Noto with additional music composed by Bryce Dessner. The main body of the score was recorded at the Seattlemusic Scoring Stage in the Bastyr Chapel in greater Seattle, Washington by musicians of the Northwest Sinfonia. Sakamoto conducted these sessions. Bryce Dessner's portion of the score was performed by the 25-piece Berlin-based orchestra known as "s t a r g a z e" under conductor André de Ridder. Additional licensed music includes "Become Ocean", the Pulitzer Prize and Grammy Award-winning work of John Luther Adams as recorded by the Seattle Symphony with conductor Ludovic Morlot and an excerpt of "Jetsun Mila" from French musician and composer Eliane Radigue. A soundtrack album was released digitally on December 25, 2015, and on CD on January 8, 2016. Milan Records released a vinyl pressing of the soundtrack in April 2016.

The score by Sakamoto and Noto was ruled ineligible for the Academy Award for Best Original Score at the 2016 Oscars as it was deemed that it was "assembled from the music of more than one composer".

The film was accompanied by a 44-minute documentary, named "A World Unseen", highlighting the process of making the production. "A World Unseen" was released on January 21, 2016, on YouTube; both the date and medium of the documentary's release made it ineligible for the Academy Award for Best Documentary (Short Subject) in the same year as the film nomination.

In the "Los Angeles Review of Books", film critic Wai Chee Dimock compared "The Revenant" themes with those addressed in the literary works of James Fenimore Cooper, particularly "The Last of the Mohicans". Dimock argues that the film re-interprets the concept of "half-breeds" from a derogatory idea that Cooper despised to an aesthetic way in which to see the world. She compared both works' protagonists—Glass and Hawk-eye—as literary foils, with Glass living an inversion of the latter's biography and perspective.

In the documentary of the film titled "A World Unseen", Iñárritu has stated that for the main themes of the film he revisits the issues and concerns of intense parental and filial relations, which audiences of his previous films readily recognize as a recurrent theme in his previous work. Regarding the theme of revenge seen throughout "The Revenant", Iñárritu has stated that the approach of vengeance seen in the film needs to be significantly tempered by anyone who would want to see vengeance as either an effective or useful moral to be applied in life. In the end, Iñárritu states, there can only be disappointment and lack of fulfillment for anyone who looks to revenge as providing a higher purpose for living or a life defining purpose.

"The Guardian" reported, "The backstory about Glass’s love for a Pawnee woman is fiction. It has been suggested the real Glass had such a relationship, but there’s no firm evidence—and no evidence that he had any children. ... As for the ending, it has been changed in one significant way: in real life, nobody got killed."

Canadian actor Roy Dupuis was strongly critical of the movie for portraying French-Canadian voyageurs as murderous rapists. Dupuis was originally offered a role as a voyageur, but he rejected it due to perceptions of anti-French bias and historical inaccuracies. According to Allan Greer, the Canada Research Chair in Colonial North America, "generally the American traders had a worse reputation than the Canadians."

Iñárritu has made a special point of emphasizing the importance of historical issues of ethnicity approached in the film and reflected in the mixed ethnic background of Hugh Glass's son portrayed in the film (portrayed as half Pawnee by Glass's wife) as relating to his own life and his identification with ethnic concerns. Iñárritu has referred to having encountered constant xenophobia and stated that: "These constant and relentless xenophobic (comments) have been widely spread by the media without shame, embraced and cheered by leaders and communities around the U.S. The foundation of all this is so outrageous that it can easily be minimized as an SNL sketch, a mere entertainment, a joke ... I debated with myself, if I should bring up this uncomfortable subject tonight but in light of the constant and relentless xenophobic comments that have been expressed recently against my Mexican fellows, it is inevitable."

Historians have also pointed out a number of anachronisms hinted throughout the film. One example of these is when John Fitzgerald talks about his father having friends in the Texas Rangers and about going to Texas and joining the army himself. This would suggest that Texas is either part of the Union or an aligned territory. However, in 1823, Texas was a sparsely-populated province of Mexico and therefore wouldn't have had an American army, let alone the Texas Rangers.

In order to portray Arikara culture accurately, Iñárritu hired several cultural consultants and teamed up with two linguists to provide faithful Arikara and Pawnee language lines for actors. Hikuc, the Pawnee man who helps Glass survive, is played by a Navajo actor.

However, in one scene, a Pawnee character rescuing Glass is accompanied by a voiceover in Inupiaq, which is spoken in Arctic Alaska, thousands of kilometres away and a different language family from Pawnee. The voiceover was a recording of Doreen Nutaaq Simmonds reading a poem from a John Luther Adams recording; the words originally came from an Inuit woman named Uvavnuk, an "angakkuq" (shaman) and oral poet.

"The Revenant" had a limited release in the United States on December 25, 2015, including Los Angeles—making it eligible for the 88th Academy Awards—before being released nationwide on January 8, 2016. The film opened in Australia on January 7, 2016 and in the United Kingdom on January 15, 2016. In the Philippines, the film's release date was originally set for January 27, 2016, but it was eventually delayed a week to February 3, 2016. Although studios initially chose not to pursue a theatrical release in China, following the film's three wins at the 88th Academy Awards on February 28, 2016, the film was granted a release in China but with several cuts. It was released on March 18, 2016.

The DVD, Blu-ray and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray were released on April 19, 2016 in the US. Opening sales of the DVD along with on-line streaming orders placed "The Revenant" as number one in sales at Amazon. Distribution to major rental outlets in the US was done on May 17, 2016.

On December 20, 2015, less than a week before its release, screener copies of "The Revenant" and numerous Oscar contenders, including "The Hateful Eight", "Creed" and "Straight Outta Compton", were uploaded to many websites. The FBI linked the case to co-CEO Andrew Kosove of Alcon Entertainment. Kosove claimed that he had "never seen this DVD[s]", and that "it never touched his hands." In October 2016, a former 20th Century Fox employee was fined $1.12 million in a separate case for uploading both "The Revenant" and "The Peanuts Movie" online.

"The Revenant" grossed $183.6 million in the United States and Canada and $349.3 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $533 million, against a production budget of $135 million. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $61.6 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In North America, "The Revenant" opened in limited release on December 25, 2015, and over the weekend grossed $474,560 from four theaters in New York City and Los Angeles ($118,640 per screen), finishing twenty-third at the box office. It was the second-biggest theater average of 2015 behind the $130,000 four-screen debut of "Steve Jobs". The film earned a total of $1.6 million from its two-week limited run before expanding wide on January 8, 2016, across 3,371 theaters.

It made $2.3 million from its early Thursday preview showings from 2,510 theaters. On its opening day, the film earned $14.4 million, ranking first at the box office. The film grossed $39.8 million in its opening weekend from 3,375 theaters, exceeding initial projections by 70%, and finishing second at the box office behind "" ($42.4 million), which was on its fourth weekend of play. It was the director's biggest opening of all-time, and the fourth-biggest for DiCaprio and supporting actor Tom Hardy. Critics noted that "The Force Awakens" had an advantage, considering that it was playing at 781 more theaters, that Sunday matinees are family-friendly, and since it had the benefit of playing in all North American IMAX theaters. Nevertheless, "The Revenant" played very balanced across the U.S. and overperformed in all states except the Northeast region. Its wide release weekend is among the top openings in the month of January. It topped the box office in its fifth weekend overall and third weekend in wide release after competing with "Ride Along 2" in its second weekend. It added a $16 million in its third weekend, which was down 49.7% but topped the box office, despite a blizzard blanketing most of the East Coast which reportedly hurt many films' box office performance. The following weekend it was overtaken by Fox's own animated movie "Kung Fu Panda 3" thereby topping the box office for one weekend. Following the announcement of the Oscar nominees on January 14, "The Revenant" witnessed the biggest boost among the Best Picture category, jumping from $54.1 million to $170.5 million, an increase of +215% up to the Oscar ceremony in the weekend ending February 28.

Outside North America, the film secured a release in 78 countries. It made $20.5 million from 2,407 screens in just 18 markets, placing behind "The Force Awakens" at the international box office chart and first among newly released films. The following weekend, it added $32.3 million from 25 markets on 4,849 screens. The film topped the international box office in its third weekend—the same weekend when it topped the U.S. box office—overtaking "The Force Awakens" with $33.7 million from 48 markets. In the United Kingdom and Ireland, it took the No. 1 spot with $7.87 million or £5.2 million ($7.4 million) from 589 theaters and remained there for a second weekend declining by 24% with £3.86 million ($5.5 million), as well as for a third weekend. Similarly, in Russia, it passed "The Force Awakens" to take the top spot with $7.5 million from 1,063 screens. In France, it has the biggest opening day in Paris and the third biggest opening weekend of 2016 with $8.2 million. It also opened at No. 1 in Mexico ($5.1 million), Spain ($4 million), the Netherlands ($1.3 million), Belgium ($1.1 million), Argentina ($955,000), Sweden ($914,000), South Korea, Denmark, Norway, Israel, Egypt and Portugal among other markets. In Germany ($4.6 million) and Australia ($2.9 million), it debuted at No. 2 both behind "The Force Awakens" and in Brazil ($2.17 million) behind "The Ten Commandments". It had one of the top ten openings of all time for a Fox film, not accounting for inflation in South Korea with $5.7 million and went on to top the box office there for a second weekend with $3.22 million despite cold weather affecting theater attendance resulting in low box office performance. In Russia, despite not opening at No. 1, it topped the box office in its second weekend with $4.4 million—more than "The Force Awakens"—and went on to top for a third weekend with $3.6 million. In China it had an opening day of around $11 million from more than 11,000 screens, including $250,000 in midnight previews, and $23 million in two days. In its opening weekend, it grossed $31 million, coming in second place behind the animated "Zootopia". IMAX comprised $2.3 million on 278 screens. In terms of total earnings, its largest markets outside of the U.S. and Canada are China ($58.6 million), the United Kingdom ($32.8 million), Germany ($28.7 million) and France ($28.2 million). The film opened in Japan on March 23.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 79%, based on 386 reviews, with an average rating of 7.85/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "As starkly beautiful as it is harshly uncompromising, "The Revenant" uses Leonardo DiCaprio's committed performance as fuel for an absorbing drama that offers punishing challenges — and rich rewards." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 76 out of 100, based on 50 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported audiences gave it an overall positive score of 85% and a 59% "definite recommend".

Reviewers cited in a "CBS News" survey of critics highly praised DiCaprio's performance, referring to it as an "astonishing testament to his commitment to a role" and as an "anchoring performance of ferocious 200 percent commitment." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" called DiCaprio's acting "a virtuoso performance, thrilling in its brute force and silent eloquence." Writing for "NY Magazine"/"Vulture", David Edelstein called the film a "tour de force" and "[b]leak as hell but considerably more beautiful," but noted the film had "traditional masculinity instead of a search for what illuminates man's inhumanity to man."

Justin Chang of "Variety" wrote Iñárritu "increasingly succumbs to the air of grim overdetermination that has marred much of [his] past work" and it was "an imposing vision... but also an inflated and emotionally stunted one." Stephanie Zacharek, writing for "TIME" magazine, gave a positive review to the film stating: "Inarritu may have fashioned "The Revenant" as the ultimate endurance test, but as Glass, DiCaprio simply endures. He gives the movie a beating heart, offering it up, figuratively speaking, alive and bloody on a platter. It—he—is the most visceral effect in the movie: revenge served warm. Bon Appetite." Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" was critical of the film, and said that Emmanuel Lubezki's images were mere "pictorial ornament[s] to Alejandro G. Iñárritu's bland theatrical stagings.”

"Slant Magazine"s writer Ed Gonzalez suggested that the Slant staff in large part disliked the film: "Our contempt for "The Revenant" knows no limits." Gonzalez unfavorably compared Iñárritu's work to Terrence Malick's 2005 film "The New World". In the official review, Slant writer Jaime N. Christley wrote: ""The Revenant" [is] a misery-fest that plants its narrative flags as carelessly as a Roland Emmerich blockbuster, guaranteeing us a viewing experience almost as arduous as the trials depicted on screen, before reaching a conclusion that's sealed the moment audiences first meet the key players. After an obligatory false calm, "The Revenant"s proper opening scene is a show-stopping massacre at a fur-trapper's campsite. It's the kind of thing Howard Hawks would have handled—and did, in "The Big Sky"—in under 90 seconds, with mostly off-camera particulars and minimal effects, but Iñárritu forces it to resemble the Normandy Beach sequence in "Saving Private Ryan" as much as history or sense will allow, and then some." "The Revenant" was ranked 22nd on Metacritic's and 79th on Rotten Tomatoes' list of best films of 2015.

"The Revenant" has received numerous award nominations and wins, particularly for DiCaprio's performance, Iñárritu's direction and Lubezki's cinematography. At the 88th Annual Academy Awards, Iñárritu won the Best Director award for the second time in a row, Emmanuel Lubezki won for the third time in a row the award for Best Cinematography and DiCaprio won his first award for Best Actor. Hardy lost the award for Best Supporting Actor to Mark Rylance for "Bridge of Spies", and the film itself lost Best Picture to "Spotlight".

At the 73rd Golden Globe Awards it won three awards: Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director, and Best Actor – Drama. It also had a nomination for Best Original Score. On January 14, 2016, the film received 12 Academy Award nominations (more than any other film at the ceremony), including Best Picture and Best Director for Iñárritu, as well as Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, for DiCaprio and Hardy, respectively. On February 14, 2016, the film received the most awards at 69th British Academy Film Awards out of eight-nominations, with five, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Sound, and Best Leading Actor. It received nine Critics' Choice Awards nominations, winning two – for DiCaprio as Best Actor and Best Cinematography for Lubezki.

Tom Hardy won the Best British Actor award at the London Film Critics' Circle and was runner-up for Best Supporting Actor at Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association. DiCaprio was awarded Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role award at 22nd Screen Actors Guild Awards, while Iñárritu received Outstanding Directing – Feature Film award at 68th Directors Guild of America Awards. It received five Satellite Awards nominations, winning the award of Best Actor for DiCaprio.

On May 2, 2016, "Time" magazine included both DiCaprio and Iñárritu in its issue of the 100 Most Influential People of 2015, with a cover photograph of DiCaprio on the magazine. John Kerry, the U.S. Secretary of State, wrote a short testimonial to DiCaprio for this issue of "Time" stating that DiCaprio's dedication drives him to succeed and "that's how he takes himself back 200 years to create an Oscar-winning, bear-brawling, powerhouse performance in "The Revenant"."




</doc>
<doc id="43165862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43165862" title="The Fall Guy (1930 film)">
The Fall Guy (1930 film)

The Fall Guy is a 1930 American pre-Code crime drama film directed by Leslie Pearce and adapted for the screen by Tim Whelan. Based on the Broadway hit "The Fall Guy, a Comedy in Three Acts", which was written by George Abbott and James Gleason, the RKO production stars Jack Mulhall, Pat O'Malley, and Mae Clarke. The year after this film's release, Clarke would become famous as a result of her minor role in another crime drama, "The Public Enemy", in which James Cagney shoves a grapefruit into her face.

When Johnny Quinlan loses his job in a drug store, he is afraid to tell his wife, Bertha, and therefore keeps up the pretense of leaving each morning for a non-existent job, as he begins the search for a new job. As the days pass and he is unable to find employment, their household, which includes his sister, Lottie, and Bertha's brother, Dan Walsh, goes through what little savings they have.

As he gets more desperate, he agrees to do small jobs for "Nifty" Herman, a small-time gangster. Nifty had loaned Johnny $15, as part of a plan to entice him to work for him. After Johnny gets insulted by a common laborer job offer from a neighbor, Nifty lies to him and says that he has a friend who will get him a managerial position at a liquor store. All Johnny has to do is hold onto a case of high-priced alcohol for a few days. Dubious, Johnny reluctantly agrees and takes the suitcase back to his apartment. However, when Bertha finds out who he got the suitcase from, she demands that he return it, threatening to leave him if he doesn't.

Taking the case back to Nifty, he finds the office locked, and so returns home. When he arrives, his sister's suitor, Charles Newton, is visiting. Newton is a government agent. Even though Johnny tries to hide the case, his efforts are futile, and Newton spies it and becomes suspicious, seeing a resemblance to a case he and his men have been attempting to track down. Opening it, he discovers it contains a cache of drugs. When he interrogates Johnny, he gets the whole story, and is about to arrest Johnny, when Nifty arrives to retrieve the suitcase. Johnny tricks Nifty into confessing, and then subdues him, when he is resisting the efforts of Newton and his deputies to arrest him. The film ends with Johnny being rewarded for the way he handled himself by becoming Newton's assistant.


From March through June 1925 the play "The Fall Guy, a Comedy in Three Acts", was performed at the Eltinge 42nd Street Theatre. The play starred Ernest Truex, and was written by playwright/producer George Abbott and the well-known character actor James Gleason. In February 1930, RKO purchased the rights to the play. The next month the entertainment trade paper "Variety" reported that Jack Mulhall would have the film’s starring role, and another paper, "The Film Daily", reported that RKO had designated William Sistrom as the supervising producer. Less than two weeks later RKO added Mae Clarke to the cast to costar with Mulhall. At around the same time, the film's producers also announced that Pat O'Malley had been signed to the project. Wynne Gibson was then added to the cast, and it was announced that Francis McDonald was also being assigned a role, although he did not appear in the finished film. The picture's filming was scheduled to start the first week in April, when it was revealed that Wynne Gibson and Tom Jackson had joined the cast as well. In late March it was reported that Leslie Pearce would direct the film and that Alan Roscoe had joined the cast.

In his review in 1930, "The New York Times"' critic Mordaunt Hall gives the film a mostly favorable assessment, noting that the film is "a little crude in spots" but that "it at least succeeds in holding the attention, the action being fairly good combination of comedy and drama." "Variety" at the time describes the picture as "mildly entertaining" with situations that contain a "few laughs", although the trade paper adds that the film improves about midway through the story, and by its last two reels becomes "exciting". "Variety" in its review, however, is even less complimentary about the performances of the cast, which the paper judges to be below their capabilities, singling out Mae Clarke's effort in particular as disappointing.



</doc>
<doc id="43169967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43169967" title="Beasts of No Nation (film)">
Beasts of No Nation (film)

Beasts of No Nation is a 2015 American-Ghanaian war drama film written, co-produced and directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, who acted as his own cinematographer, about a young boy who becomes a child soldier as his country goes through a horrific war. Shot in Ghana and starring Idris Elba, Abraham Attah, Ama K. Abebrese, Grace Nortey, David Dontoh, and Opeyemi Fagbohungbe, the film is based on the 2005 novel of the same name by Uzodinma Iweala, the book itself being named after a Fela Kuti album.

It was screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where it won the Marcello Mastroianni Award.

The film was shown in the Special Presentation section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, and released on Netflix globally and in a limited release by Bleecker Street on October 16, 2015.

A civil war is breaking out in an unspecified West African country. A young boy, Agu, lives in a small village with his parents, older brother, and two younger siblings. Agu's village is located within a "buffer zone" enforced by ECOMOG (referred to as "ECOMOD") troops. Agu's father is a local leader, and aids refugees from the surrounding areas by letting them stay on his land.
The village is informed that the government has fallen, with military-aligned rebels seizing control of the country. With rebel forces headed towards the village, many people flee to the country's capital for safety. Agu's father is able to buy safe transport for his wife and two youngest children, but has to stay behind himself with Agu and his eldest son. Rebel and government forces fight in and around Agu's village. While the rebel soldiers flee, government forces round up the remaining villagers and accuse them of rebellion. As they are about to be executed, Agu's father tells his sons to run shortly before getting shot.

The two boys try to escape, but Agu's brother is killed. Agu evades capture and escapes into the jungle. After wandering for an unspecified amount of time, he is caught up in a guerrilla skirmish. The Native Defense Forces (NDF), a rising rebel faction in the country, adopts Agu into their ranks. Agu's battalion is led by the Commandant, who takes Agu under his wing. Following a brutal initiation process where Agu hacks an innocent captive to death with a machete, Agu becomes a fully-fledged member of the militia.
Agu befriends another young NDF child soldier, Strika, who never speaks. One night, the Commandant summons Agu to his quarters, and rapes him. Strika, another of the Commandant's rape victims, comforts him. Preacher, an older soldier, gives Agu brown-brown to lift his mood. Agu and Strika take part in a number of bloody battles and ambushes. The battalion's success in the taking of several towns, killing hundreds of men, women and children, gains them a summon to the rebel HQ, where the Commandant, accompanied by Agu, Strika, and a few other members of the battalion, go to meet with the NDF leader, Dada Goodblood. They spend an entire night in the waiting area, infuriating the Commandant. When they finally meet the Supreme Commander, he informs the Commandant that he is not being promoted, as he had expected, and is in fact being removed from command. The Commandant's lieutenant, Two I-C, will take control of the battalion, and the Commandant will be given a staff position under the rebel leader. The Commandant views this as an insult, and leaves to "celebrate" his lieutenant's promotion at a brothel. While the soldiers (except for Agu and Strika) spend the night with the brothel's women, one of the women fatally shoots Two I-C. The lieutenant is badly wounded and the Commandant accuses the prostitute of trying to kill the lieutenant. The prostitute pleads with the Commandant and says she shot the lieutenant by accident, but the Commandant and his men shoot the women and leave the city with the battalion.

Now on the run from their own faction, as well as the UN, ECOMOD and government forces, the battalion suffers heavy losses. Airstrikes and supply shortages kill many of them, with Strika being killed by a gunshot during an ambush. The remaining members of the battalion take shelter at a gold mine for several months, hoping to find gold to pay for supplies. Ammunition runs out, leaving the group with no way to defend themselves from encroaching enemy forces. Agu informs the Commandant of this, and he tells Agu that he must take care of him, as all sons must protect their fathers. As they speak, Preacher, now the new lieutenant, rallies the soldiers to abandon their posts and surrender to the UN, as they will surely starve or be killed if they stay. The Commandant at first refuses to let them go, but relents when Agu says they should surrender. The soldiers all abandon the Commandant, leaving him to rave alone. Shortly after, they are detained by UN troops. The younger members of the battalion are sent to a missionary school in a safe part of the country. Agu stays away from the other children, who play games and enjoy the comfort and safety of the school. Agu is tormented by what has happened, and has nightmares about it.
After much time has passed, Agu tells the school's counselor that he has done some terrible things but he won't go into detail. He is afraid the counselor will think he is some kind of "beast." Instead he tells how he used to be a good boy, from a good family, and that his family had loved him. The final scene shows Agu finally joining the other boys as they swim and play in the ocean.


Cary Joji Fukunaga directed his own script, after having worked on it for seven years. It was not until after six years of research on the Sierra Leone Civil War that Fukunaga came across the "Beasts of No Nation" novel. He told "Creative Screenwriting", "I read through the novel and I loved the elegant and concise way that Uzodinma Iweala told the story. I felt that would be the best way to enter the subject."

The dialogue in the screenplay is faithful in form to the novel, originally written in a lighter form of Nigerian Pidgin English known as Krio.

On August 20, 2013, Idris Elba joined the cast of the film adaptation. On June 6, 2014, Ghanaian actors Ama K. Abebrese, Grace Nortey and David Dontoh joined the film. Later, Opeyemi Fagbohungbe also joined the cast.

Red Crown Productions was the financier and producer, along with Primary Productions and Parliament of Owls. On May 17, 2014, Participant Media, along with Mammoth Entertainment, came on board to co-finance the film, initially budgeted at $4.3 million but which ultimately cost about $6 million.

On June 5, 2014, principal photography was underway in the Eastern Region of Ghana. The film was shot at locations in Koforidua and Ezile Bay at Akwidaa. Dan Romer scored the film.

Netflix bought the worldwide distribution rights for around $12 million. The film was simultaneously released theatrically and online through its subscription video on demand service on October 16, 2015, with Bleecker Street handling the theatrical release. Considering the online release a violation of the traditional 90-day release window of exclusivity to theatres, AMC Cinemas, Carmike Cinemas, Cinemark, and Regal Entertainment Group—four of the largest theater chains in the United States—announced that they would boycott "Beasts of No Nation", effectively downgrading it to a limited release at smaller and independent theatres. The film was also theatrically released in the UK on October 16, 2015, in Curzon Cinemas.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 92% based on 137 reviews, with an average rating of 7.84/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Beasts of No Nation" finds writer-director Cary Fukunaga working with a talented cast to offer a sobering, uncompromising, yet still somehow hopeful picture of war's human cost." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 79 out of 100, based on 30 critics, indicating "generally favourable reviews".

Idris Elba won the SAG award for his supporting performance, becoming the first movie actor to win a SAG award without being nominated for an Oscar.

In 2015, Artnet published an article suggesting that Fukunaga had appropriated content without crediting the work of Irish artist Richard Mosse, whose work had gained notoriety in the art world for its use of infrared film and stirring depictions of child soldiers in the Democratic Republic of Congo. To support its accusation of plagiarism, the article included direct comparisons of individual frames from the film and original still photographs by Mosse.



</doc>
<doc id="43170638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43170638" title="Faults (film)">
Faults (film)

Faults is a 2014 drama film written and directed by Riley Stearns in his feature film debut. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Leland Orser, Jon Gries, Beth Grant, Chris Ellis and Lance Reddick. The film premiered at the 2014 SXSW on March 9, 2014, and was picked up by Screen Media Films for theatrical release on March 6, 2015.

Ansel Roth, a writer and cult specialist, fraudulently uses an expired voucher to pay for a meal at a hotel restaurant and is forcibly removed after refusing to pay. The manager of the hotel tells Roth that his speaking engagement is almost ready, and Roth steals towels and batteries as he checks out. His presentation on cults is interrupted by a heckler, who proceeds to beat him up for his involvement in the suicide of a troubled woman, the man's sister, who had been involved with a cult. Evelyn and Paul approach Roth and request an autographed copy of his book for their daughter, Claire, who they explain has become involved in a mysterious cult. Roth declines to become involved.

Mick, an employee of Roth's manager Terry, approaches Roth in the hotel's parking lot and delivers a letter. Terry has dropped Roth as a client and wants Roth's debts paid back within a week. Evelyn and Paul again request his help, and he agrees to listen to their story when they offer to buy him breakfast. Roth offers to deprogram Claire, a risky process that involves abducting her and confronting her with the truth about the cult. Roth hires two men to help him abduct Claire; one of them strikes her during the abduction. They take her to an isolated motel and prevent her from sleeping.

After paying the men, Roth begins the process of deprogramming. Excited that she is being cooperative, he lets Claire momentarily see her parents, who are in an adjoining room. Paul becomes increasingly demanding and controlling of both the situation and his daughter, and Paul becomes enraged when Roth meditates. The deprogramming is interrupted when Mick locates Roth and again demands payment. Roth awkwardly requests half of his fee from Paul, who reluctantly agrees. Roth advises Paul and Evelyn to lock Claire in the bathroom overnight (he has moved the lock to the outside) to prevent her from escaping while he is gone.

When Roth delivers partial payment to Terry, Terry berates him for letting people walk over him, strikes him with a paperweight, and demands the rest of the money in two days. Roth is surprised to find Claire unconscious outside the hotel room. When he brings her back inside, her parents say she was locked in the bathroom; Claire claims to have teleported herself using meditation techniques learned from the cult. As pressure mounts on Roth, he suffers from lack of sleep, physical abuse, and threats from everyone but Claire, who seduces him as he experiences a nervous breakdown. Afterward, Roth watches a videotape of his failed television show while Claire has sex with Paul in the background as Evelyn watches.

Roth wakes in his car. He rushes to the hotel room, where he finds Claire alone. She explains that her parents have left and seems puzzled when Roth confusedly questions her about the videotape and her sexual encounters. Roth and Claire become accidentally trapped in the bathroom when the door closes and locks from the outside. As the phone rings, Roth becomes hysterical, knowing that it must be Terry. Claire takes control of the situation, and forces him to face his many failures, including his divorce and guilt over the young cult member's suicide. Roth tearfully admits that he exploited the girl for his short-lived television series. As Claire leads him in meditation, she breaks him completely and convinces him that he has unlocked the bathroom door using his mind.

As they exit the bathroom, Mick enters the hotel room. Terry follows him there after he becomes impatient and is horrified to find Mick dead. Terry explains that Mick was just an actor hired to intimidate Roth. Roth kills Terry as Claire silently observes. Claire, now in complete control, tells Roth to wait in the car while she takes care of something. Paul and Evelyn, hidden in the next room, say they have murdered the man who struck her during her abduction. They identify her as Ira and she thanks them for their help, kisses them, and hands each a pill, which they swallow before lying down. When she joins Roth in the car, he apologizes to her for the car door being broken. She tells Roth to not apologize for anything because they have each other and they are strong. When he asks where he is going, she replies, "Home."


Stearns came up with the idea by being inspired and fascinated with the process of deprogramming that was introduced by Ted Patrick in mid-to-late 1970s. He also stated that the interest came when he watched an episode of "Cops" when he was a child, in which "a girl called the police and was like, 'I'm locked in this hotel room and they're not letting me out.' […] and the cops told her that her parents knew what was best and that she had to stay. And they left. And I was freaked out by that because even as a kid you realize there’s something weird about that – telling you that you have to stay in a place you don't want to be."

Stearns cited Paul Thomas Anderson's works, namely "Punch-Drunk Love", The Coen Brothers’ "Fargo", Yorgos Lanthimos' "Dogtooth" and "Alps" among the many works he was inspired by.

To prepare themselves for the role, Winstead and Orser read the book "Let Our Children Go" by Ted Patrick and watched YouTube videos from that era of people in cults or people who had just gotten out of cults. They had both also created their own backstories for their characters based on Stearns' script. Winstead has repeatedly mentioned that Claire is her most challenging role to date. "I have to play a few different characters over the course of the film [and] I had to sort of really keep track from scene to scene to remind myself of where she was," Winstead says.

The film was shot in 18 days in the Los Angeles area (Long Beach and San Pedro).

The film had its world premiere at the SXSW on March 9, 2014, followed by additional screenings on March 10, 12 and 13. It was also screened at the Maryland Film Festival on May 9 and May 10, as well as at the Fantasia Festival on July 18 and July 24. "Faults" screened at the London FrightFest Film Festival on August 24. The film played at the Australian Film Festival on August 16, and also at the AFI Fest from November 6 to 13.

On August 26, it was reported that Screen Media Films had picked up "Faults" for theatrical release on March 6, 2015 and to run on Video on demand.

"Faults" has received positive response since its release. Rotten Tomatoes has given "Faults" an approval score of 91% based on 32 select reviews. Many reviewers commended the film's off-kilter black comedy that underlies the plot; "The Hollywood Reporter" says, ""Faults" is not what it seems. Though a black-comic atmosphere persists, the debut feature is serious about manipulation and brainwashing, and a quietly commanding performance by Mary Elizabeth Winstead helps establish that seriousness." In a 4.5/5 review, Bloody Disgusting calls it "a modern cult thriller [... that] manages to be laugh out loud funny in a manner that doesn’t even come close to undercutting its central objective." IndieWire's writeup that gives it a grade of B+ praises the film's cast, saying "Much of the odd comedic formula emerges from a pair of carefully orchestrated lead performances."



</doc>
<doc id="43171955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43171955" title="Ashby (film)">
Ashby (film)

Ashby is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Tony McNamara. The film stars Mickey Rourke, Nat Wolff, Emma Roberts, and Sarah Silverman. The film had its world premiere at Tribeca Film Festival on April 19, 2015. The film was released in the United States in a limited release and on video on demand on September 25, 2015, by Paramount Pictures and The Film Arcade.

High-school nerd Ed Wallis (Nat Wolff) enters into a friendship with his neighbor, Ashby (Mickey Rourke), a retired CIA assassin who only has a few months to live.
The film is a coming of age/approaching death comedy drama.

Ashby initially tells Ed that he is a retired napkin salesman. Ed realizes he's more than that when he finds multiple passports with Ashby's photo, and cupboards full of weapons.

In June 2014, a casting call was held for extras. On June 27, 2014 as the production began on the film, more actors joined the film which include Michael Lerner, Kevin Dunn and Zachary Knighton.

Set in Virginia, the principal photography on the film began on June 22, 2014 in Charlotte, North Carolina and lasted for five weeks. On June 23, filming took place in Matthews, North Carolina. Almost 500 extras filled the football stadium at South Mecklenburg High School to film game scenes.

In October 2014, Alec Puro was hired to compose the music for the film.

The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 19, 2015. In May 2015, it was announced Paramount Pictures had acquired international distribution rights involving United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Australia, Germany, New Zealand and Switzerland. That same day, it was announced the film would receive an on-demand and theatrical release in fall of 2015. Paramount teamed up with The Film Arcade for U.S theatrical distribution. The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on September 25, 2015.

Ashby received mixed reviews from film critics. On Rotten Tomatoes it has an approval rating of 52%, based on 21 reviews, with an average rating of 5.51/10. On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 46 out of 100, based on 8 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Dennis Harvey of "Variety" gave the film a mixed review, writing : "Starring Mickey Rourke as a retired CIA assassin turned improbable mentor to Nat Wolff’s next-door-neighbor misfit, “Ashby” is a genre jumble that makes half-baked use of high-school sports, crime comedy, teen romance and other formulae to mildly diverting ends that are never quite convincing or funny enough. Paramount launched a limited theatrical rollout on Sept. 25, simultaneous with on-demand availability, but Aussie tube scribe Tony McNamara’s U.S. feature will definitely fare best as a viable if innocuous cable/rental time-filler."

Kate Erbland of The Playlist for Indiewire.com also gave the film a mixed review, writing : "It's inevitable that “Ashby” will squish together its two most important plots —Ashby’s mysterious quest and Ed’s attempts to be a football star— but McNamara attempts to keep the movie ticking right along, and for all its half-cocked plotlines, “Ashby” is able to maintain a consistently humorous and light tone. Ed and Ashby’s worldview is more than a bit skewed, but so is the film’s, and it works well enough to keep the film entertaining and bouncy."

The film was released on video on demand, as well as opening in 15 theaters, the film debuted with a poor weekend total of $4,631, with a per-theater average of $309.


</doc>
<doc id="43175273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43175273" title="Jackie &amp; Ryan">
Jackie &amp; Ryan

Jackie & Ryan (released in the UK and South Africa as Love Me Like You Do) is a 2014 American romantic drama film written and directed by Ami Canaan Mann, starring Katherine Heigl and Ben Barnes.
The film was released on July 3, 2015 in a limited release and through video on demand by Entertainment One in the United States.

Ryan, a modern day train hopper fighting to be a successful musician, and Jackie, a recent single mom battling to hold onto her daughter, defy their circumstances by coming together in a relationship that changes their lives forever.


Filming took place in Utah in 2014. The film was shot in 20 days.

"Jackie & Ryan" screened in the Horizons section at the 71st Venice International Film Festival on August 30, 2014. The film then screened at the Newport Beach International Film Festival on April 25, 2015. The film's distribution rights were later acquired by Entertainment One, and was released in the United States on July 3, 2015 in a limited release and through video on demand.

"Jackie & Ryan" received mixed reviews. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, critics gave the film a rating of 62%, based on 21 reviews, with a weighted average of 5.4/10. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 55%, based on 15 reviews. Jessica Kiang of "Indiewire" gave the film a "C" rating, calling it "a strangely old-fashioned film, yielding a big enough crop of corn to revive the entire Midwestern economy, putting forth a dubiously romanticized view of the philosophical beauty of the train-hopping lifestyle". Lee Marshall of "Screen International" in his favorable review commented that it is "a women's film in which the sensitively-conveyed bond between three female generations of one family seem destined to be much stronger than any ties with the men who drift in and out of sight".



</doc>
<doc id="43176833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43176833" title="The Muslim Jesus">
The Muslim Jesus

The Muslim Jesus is a 2007 British documentary directed and produced by Irshad Ashraf, and commissioned and narrated by Melvyn Bragg. The documentary is about the Islamic view of Jesus. It was broadcast by ITV on 19 August 2007.

The one-hour special uses the Quran as its main source, and draws on interviews with scholars and historians. It features commentary from Hamza Yusuf, who was filmed quite extensively for this documentary. The documentary is the first time the subject has been dealt with on British television.

"The Muslim Jesus" explores the similarities and differences between the Jesus of the Gospels and in the Quran. It explores how Islam honours Jesus Christ as a prophet but not as the son of God. According to the Quran the crucifixion was a divine illusion. Instead of dying on the cross, Jesus was rescued by angels and raised to heaven. It concludes that the two faiths have more in common than most people realise.

The narrator Melvyn Bragg said, "I was fascinated by the idea ... Jesus was such a prominent figure in Islam but most people don't know that." He added: "I hope it will provoke among Muslims the feeling they are included in television."

The director and producer Irshad Ashraf said, the film was an attempt to shift the focus away from extremism to the spiritual side of Islam. He added, "Jesus is loved and respected by Muslims and he's one of the most important prophets in our religion."

Hamza Yusuf said, "In the Christian narrative the most central and fundamental point of Christianity is the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ but Islam basically denies that. The Quran states that it was made to appear that Jesus was crucified as when the Romans captured Jesus God organised a rescue operation."


Philip Lewis, the Bishop of Bradford's aide on inter-faith matters, urged believers on both sides to take advantage of a "worthwhile contribution to understanding a complex issue". However, Patrick Sookhdeo, an Anglican canon and spokesman for the Barnabas Fund, which works with persecuted Christians, accused broadcasters of double standards. Sookhdeo said, "How would the Muslim community respond if ITV made a programme challenging Muhammad as the last prophet?"



</doc>
<doc id="43176835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43176835" title="An Impossible Job">
An Impossible Job

Graham Taylor: An Impossible Job is a 1994 British fly-on-the-wall documentary directed and produced by Ken McGill, written by Patrick Collins, and made by Chrysalis for "Cutting Edge". The documentary follows the England football team through the 18 months before their failure to qualify for the 1994 FIFA World Cup Finals and showed the pressure manager Graham Taylor was under before his resignation. It was originally broadcast by Channel 4 on 24 January 1994.

Neil Duncanson (who joined Chrysalis as a freelance producer in 1991) suggested the documentary, though some of his colleagues believed they would never get permission. The title of the film, "An Impossible Job", reflects the difficulties of the England manager's position.

Film-maker Ken McGill and his team recorded Graham Taylor and his team throughout the qualifiers. Taylor agreed to take part in the programme as he hoped it would show the differences between club and international management. But as results turned for the worse, the focus shifted to Taylor and the documentary captured a manager increasingly bereft as results went against him. In 2013, journalist Rob Shepherd revealed, "None of us in the 'Hack Pack' who followed England at the time knew that a documentary was being filmed. But Graham Taylor did."

Taylor thought about cancelling filming before the trip to Norway in June 1993, but believed that the written press - who were already hostile towards him - would seize on it as an admission England would not qualify.

Before England's match against the Netherlands, the Dutch FA had denied access to the crew filming Taylor, but the England manager helped to smuggle them inside the De Kuip stadium. The crew donned England tracksuits and carried their film equipment into the stadium in team kitbags.

The documentary follows Graham Taylor before, during and after England's crucial qualifier against the Netherlands in Rotterdam.

England's campaign started poorly with a home draw against Norway in October 1992. Taylor's subsequent touchline performances included the quotes "Do I not like that" and "Can we not knock it?" from an away game against Poland in May 1993. During the following game, with England 2-0 down in Norway in June and making several misplaced passes, Taylor can be heard off-screen saying "fucking hell".

Taylor visits David Platt in Italy to ensure the player consents to his captaincy being handed to Stuart Pearce. He holds court in front of an audience of prison inmates of Ashwell Prison. He quips and scolds journalist Rob Shepherd during a press conference: Shepherd looks dejected by Taylor's team selection for the game against the Netherlands and pleads with him to change his mind. Taylor mocks him for his negativity, "Rob, I can't continue... Rob, I cant' have... Listen, Rob... I cannot have faces like yours around about me. [Uproarious laughter] No I can't – I tell you this now, if you were one of my players with a face like that, I'd fucking kick you out. You'd never have a chance. Put a smile on your face, we're here for business, come on."

In October 1993, during the penultimate match in the Netherlands, referee Karl-Josef Assenmacher did not send off Ronald Koeman for fouling Platt. After Koeman scored, Taylor vents his frustration on the fourth official Markus Merk and the nearside linesman. After repeatedly complaining about the decisions, he says to Merk: "You see, at the end of the day, I get the sack." He then says to the linesman, "I'm just saying to your colleague, the referee has got me the sack. Thank him ever so much for that, won't you?"

The film was broadcast by Channel 4 on 24 January 1994 as part of the "Cutting Edge" documentary series. A censored version of the film was broadcast a few days later. More than six million people tuned in to watch the film.

A 77-minute version of the film including previously unseen footage was released on VHS on 7 July 1997 retitled "Graham Taylor: "Do I Not Like That. The Final Chapter"". North One (which now owns Chrysalis) sold the documentary to ITV who broadcast the extended version of the documentary on 5 October 2008 on ITV4.

During the qualifying campaign, commentators felt that Taylor and his two assistants Phil Neal and Lawrie McMenemy gave the impression of never being in control of their situation. Neal was criticised for being a 'yes man' after the documentary was broadcast. The documentary earned a cult following.

The 2001 comedy feature film "" was inspired partly by Graham Taylor and "An Impossible Job".

In 2013, Ken McGill told "BBC Sport", "I found it hard to take the consequences of the film. But there is nothing I would change. It is a piece of honest film-making."

The "Daily Express" called it "A fascinating mix of black comedy and personal tragedy." The "Daily Mail" said, "Never has a private agony been so publicly exposed."

101 Great Goals said in 2008, "...the documentary is a super watch... Above all, it explains much about the pressure of being the England manager. It does also make you wonder how Graham Taylor is now a respected pundit."

"The Guardian" reported in 2010, ""An Impossible" Job was immediately hailed as a comic masterpiece". Daniel Taylor of "The Guardian" in 2013 described it as "a piece of television gold." Rob Shepherd reporting for the "Daily Mail" in the same year said, "In many ways it is football's Spinal Tap <nowiki>[</nowiki>"This Is Spinal Tap"<nowiki>]</nowiki> with a hint of "Monty Python"." David Elkin of "Pulp Football" in the same year said, "The documentary is a brilliant examination of the media, the pressure and the utterly ludicrous nature of being the England national team manager." He added: "An Impossible Job" gives a real insight into the doomed campaign and the nature of the role."

Barney Ronay in his 2010 book "The Manager: The absurd ascent of the most important man in football" said, [Taylor] "turned out to be a brilliantly absorbing subject for a tragicomic documentary film." Andy Mitten in his 2003 book "The Rough Guide to Cult Football" said, "the programme's enduring legacy is to present him [Taylor] unfairly as a provincial buffoon."




</doc>
<doc id="43176837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43176837" title="One Night in Turin">
One Night in Turin

One Night in Turin is a 2010 British documentary film directed by James Erskine, and written by Pete Davies and James Erskine. The documentary is about the England football team during 1990 FIFA World Cup and left the nation undone by West Germany on penalties in the semi-final. It looks at the social and political context of the event as well as how it changed people's perception of football and the England team.

Adapted from Pete Davies' eye-witness account "All Played Out", a memoir of the England football team's World Cup adventure at the 1990 World Cup. The film weaves together the strands of a narrative which has a distinctive arc. It has a subjective tone, which speaks from the perspective of one who was there at the time.

The film only uses archive footage – there are no modern contextual interviews, all the footage is from the time. "It offers context to the improbable rise of the England football team and the social and political aspect of this film is a backdrop used to make England's footballing achievement seem like a defining moment that brought a divided nation together."

It uses a mixture of archive footage (much of it previously unseen), narration, and recreated scenes. The match action is intercut with reconstructed, modern-day footage: the recreations shot by Lol Crawley take the form of close-ups which involve isolating and emphasising one moment of detail in order to create a heightened sense of drama and present a "You Are There" feeling to England's run in the 1990 tournament.

The film revisits the iconic footballing footage: Paul Gascoigne's tears, Gary Lineker's goals, David Platt's volley against Belgium, Lineker mouthing to the touchline after Gascoigne's yellow card against West Germany, Bobby Robson's rueful smile and consoling Gascoigne with the words, "You've got your life ahead of you. This is your first." As well as English football hooligans, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher backing a proposal to stop England going to Italy, Tory Sports minister Colin Moynihan encouraging the Italian police to be extremely firm with England's supporters, the tabloid press hounding of Sir Bobby and Chris Waddle's calamitous penalty shoot-out kick. It weaves rare, unseen footage with a Gary Oldman-voiced narrative and a soundtrack with early nineties music.

Setting the World Cup in a wider socio-political context, Erskine examines how close hooliganism came to wrecking the competition and how quickly sports minister Colin Moynihan condoned the Italian authorities' heavy-handed tactics. But the emphasis is most firmly on Robson's battles with the media and the emergence of Paul Gascoigne as the tournament's superstar. It climaxes with the night at the Stadio delle Alpi in Turin when they lost the semi-final to West Germany on penalties. The film ends abruptly but over the credits there is England's highlights since then.

It is subtitled: "The Inside Story of a World Cup that Changed Our Footballing Nation Forever". Erskine sticks closely to Davies' book meaning he never strays far from the narrative of Davies' book.


"One Night in Turin" official film score album is by British composer Stuart Hancock and was released a digital EP by MovieScore Media on 1 June 2010. The film's soundtrack used popular music of the time from The Stone Roses, Happy Mondays, New Order and The Charlatans.

One Night in Turin (Original Motion Picture Score) is the film score of British documentary film "One Night in Turin", written and directed by James Erskine, and based on Pete Davies' book "All Played Out". The album is the third soundtrack/film score by British composer Stuart Hancock.

Darren Rea of "Review Graveyard" said of the score, "It's short, it's sweet, but not a second of this EP is wasted. This is wall to wall, grade A quality material. Listen out for Stuart Hancock in the future - this is a name you'll hopefully be hearing a lot of."


The "Daily Mail" called it "The finest footballing adventure of a generation." "The Times" described it as "A wonderful reminiscence of a life-changing time." David Parkinson of "Radio Times" said, "...the movie relives the events with suitable enthusiasm and nostalgia." David Jenkins of "Time Out" thought "It's a familiar tale, but only the hardest of hearts would dismiss its storytelling gusto and clever use of archive footage." Richard Firth of "This Is Local London" rated it 4/5 and said, ""One Night in Turin does" justice to all the emotion entwined around it [the 1990 World Cup]. It brings to mind all the thoughts and feelings you had at the time and it reveals some things you may never have spotted..." Warren Howard of "Belfast Telegraph" thought ""One Night in Turin" manages to be an effective historical document as well as an engaging retelling of England's dramatic progress towards an unforgettable semi-final with West Germany during the 1990 World Cup in Italy. Yet it's still the iconic footballing footage that really hits home..." Nicholas Barber of "The Independent on Sunday" called it "Timely".

Tom Dawson of "Total Film" thought "Erskine's "One Night In Turin" argues that the endeavours of Bobby Robson's players eased the memories of Heysel and Hillsborough, leading to a rebirth of the national game..." Richard Luck of "Film4.com" said, "More compelling still is Erskine's insistence that, as disappointing as defeat might have been, the way England played throughout Italia 90 went a long way towards soothing the nightmares of Heysel, Bradford and Hillsborough. It's a well-constructed argument that points up the insignificance of victory and defeat in the greater scheme of things." He added: "One night in Turin might have restored national pride but it pointed towards the selfishness that has since ruined the beautiful game."

Kevin Pocock of "Den of Geek" rated the film 2/5 and described is as "a well-constructed, finely narrated, re-stitching of that titular night in Turin, intriguing for those who didn't witness the events when they happened, and equally so for those who haven't mulled it to death since." Robert Beames of "What Culture" thought "...anyone with an interest in football history (or even anyone nostalgic for Italia ’90) will find themselves engaged and excited by all this material. However, if you have no interest in football (and have no memory of 1990), then it would hard to you getting anything out of this documentary film." Ronald Short of "College Movie Review" scored the film a D- and said, "For an indie film, it's decent. I'm sure the soccer fans will love it, but as for the rest of us? It's nothing really worth watching."

Mark Douglas of "The Journal" described it as "It is an unashamedly enjoyable hour and a half." He added: "Perhaps the film might have been beefed up by a few talking heads slots, which would have given the main protagonists an opportunity to expand on their roles in this particular passion play." Edward Porter of "The Sunday Times" said, "Like many an England performance, it's the work of a team making the best of limited resources. Not only are there no interviews, but the footage of the game — and of all the other matches covered in the build-up — is patchy." Peter Martin of "Twitch Film" thought "Much time and care was spent on the recreations, but they have an odd flavor, with the majority of them consisting of unnecessary inserts that stick out from the archival material like a series of sore thumbs." He added: "Gary Oldman, who narrates, speaks in flat, even tones... It's a refreshing, realistic approach, but it's undermined by the recreations. I wonder if all that time and effort wouldn't have been better served by integrating modern-day interviews providing historical perspective, such as the interview with author Pete Davies that's included as one of the extras."

David Edwards of the "Mirror.co.uk" said, ""One Night In Turin"... provides an entertaining look at how manager Bobby Robson became a national hero and Gazza's tears made him a celebrity. Crucially, though, it fails to tell us anything we didn't already know." Anthony Quinn of "The Independent" said thought "The director James Erskine catches something of the mood ("Nessun Dorma" is in there too), but offers nothing in the way of perspective or second thoughts." Philip French of "The Observer" said, "The film is strictly for nostalgists and students of visual and verbal clichés." Phil of De Semlyen of "Empire" rated the film 2/5 and called it "Nostalgic viewing for fans that offers up too little by way of fresh insights."

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" said, "As it is, "One Night in Turin" looks a bit like a DVD given away with a Sunday newspaper – but watchable, nevertheless." Wendy Idle of "The Times" said, "All documentaries tend to nudge reality towards a slightly heightened sense of drama but this is like taking a shameless dive in the penalty area: a little undignified."




</doc>
<doc id="43178147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43178147" title="Zombeavers">
Zombeavers

Zombeavers is a 2014 American horror comedy film directed by Jordan Rubin, based on a script by Al Kaplan, Jordan Rubin, and Jon Kaplan. The film follows a group of college kids staying at a riverside cottage that are attacked by a swarm of zombie beavers. A trailer for the film was released in early February 2014 and went viral. The film had its world premiere on April 19, 2014, at the Tribeca Film Festival. The film was released in the U.S. on March 20, 2015. In December 2014, "Zombeavers" was released on DVD.

While transporting toxic chemicals, a pair of truckers strike a deer and lose one of their canisters. It rolls into a river, floats downstream, and splashes several beavers at their dam. 

Later, college students Mary, Zoe, and Jenn arrive at Mary's cousin's cabin near the dam. Although Zoe and Jenn are distraught that there is no cell phone coverage, Mary insists that they spend the next two days without interruptions from technology or boys. While swimming at the lake, the girls discover the beaver dam. When Jenn swims closer to see a beaver, they are surprised by a bear. Smyth, a local hunter, scares off the bear and admonishes the girls to stay away from the beavers and dress more appropriately.

At night, the girls' boyfriends – Buck, Tommy, and Sam – arrive and play a prank on them. Annoyed, Mary orders them to leave, but Zoe, who knew they were coming, insists they stay. Jenn talks Mary into letting them stay, as she wants to resolve her relationship issues with Sam, who has cheated on her. As the couples separate, Jenn leaves to take a shower, only to be attacked by a beaver. Tommy kills it with a baseball bat, but Jenn and Mary feel something is wrong with it beyond rabies. They put the corpse in a bag and put it outside on the porch. In the morning, they discover it is missing, and Jenn insists that it was not merely eaten by wildlife.

All but Jenn go swimming in the lake. Sam and Mary discuss whether to tell Jenn about their affair, but they are interrupted when beavers chew off Buck's foot and scratch Tommy. The same beaver that attacked Jenn earlier chases her back to the house. She pins it to the counter with a knife, but not before it scratches her leg. Sam throws Zoe's dog into the water as a distraction, and the rest of the group flee to the house, where they realize the beavers have cut the phone lines. As zombie beavers surround the house, Tommy offers to leave with Buck to get help, and Zoe accompanies him. Their drive is interrupted as the beavers bring down a tree in the road, and Tommy sets off on foot, only to be crushed by another falling tree.

Smyth rescues Buck and Zoe, and they drive in his pickup truck to return to the house, which has been boarded up by the others. Unable to enter it, they go to the neighbors' house. They discover the neighbors are dead, and their phone lines cut. As a result of her wounds, Jenn turns into a beaver-like zombie and attacks Mary. As Jenn's saliva falls in Mary's mouth, Sam rescues Mary by hitting Jenn from behind. Mary and Sam lock themselves in the bathroom and check each other for scratches. Satisfied that neither is wounded, they begin to have sex, but Jenn interrupts them and kills Sam by biting off his penis. Meanwhile, Buck turns into a zombie and attacks Smyth. Zoe escapes by jumping through a window, bloodying herself in the process.

As a beaver accidentally sets Mary's cousin's house on fire, Sam rises as a zombie. Once Mary kills Sam, she reunites with Zoe. Smyth, now zombified, shoots at them as they flee in his truck. Jenn jumps on top of the truck, but Zoe runs her over. Together, Mary and Zoe reach the spot where Tommy died and turned into a zombie. With the road blocked, they decide to walk. Believing that Zoe may be bitten due to her bloody appearance, Mary holds her at gunpoint with a pistol recovered from Smyth's truck. As Zoe protests that she is not infected, Mary begins changing into a zombie. Zoe kills her with an axe and walks away. On the road, she encounters the same truckers who had earlier dropped the canister, and they run over her accidentally. In a post-credits sequence, a honeybee becomes infected from a corpse and returns to its hive in a zombified state.


Al Kaplan, Jordan Rubin, and Jon Kaplan began working on the script for "Zombeavers" in 2012. Rubin then put together a proof of concept trailer compiled from footage from various horror movies, BBC nature shows, and social media outlets and presented the trailer to BenderSpink and Armory Films. The two companies agreed to finance the film and the film went into pre-production shortly thereafter. The film features animatronic models of beavers as opposed to CGI special effects, and the models were created by Creature Effects. Actresses Cortney Palm, Rachel Melvin, and Lexi Atkins, along with comedian/actor Bill Burr, were all confirmed to be performing in the film. Principal photography took place in Santa Clarita, California at the Disney Ranch over a period of 21 days and with a small budget. Epic Pictures Group uploaded the first official trailer for the film on February 6, 2014, and the trailer quickly went viral, amassing over a million views in less than a week. The same month the production company also created several film posters parodying Oscar Award nominated films "Gravity", "American Hustle", and "Her".

The film had its world premiere on April 19, 2014, at the Tribeca Film Festival and was theatrically released in the U.S. on March 20, 2015. 
In December 2014, the film was released on DVD.

Rotten Tomatoes reports that 69% of 32 surveyed critics gave the film a "positive" review; the average rating is 5.7/10. The consensus reads: ""Zombeavers" obviously isn't high art, but it delivers just enough of the gory insanity promised by the title to earn a recommendation for genre fans." Metacritic, another review aggregator, rated it 44/100 based on six reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Brent McKnight of giantfreakinrobot said, "It's as much of a blast as you could hope for." Rob Hunter of Film School Rejects called the film "funny, smart, consistently entertaining," and Jason Gorber of Twitch Film "commend[s] its tenacious nature to mine every last drop of narrative and complexity out of a very slight but very funny idea." On the other hand, "Variety" gave "Zombeavers" a mostly negative review, commenting that "this debut feature for standup and sketch-comedy vet Rubin is not without flashes of ingenuity, but the one-joke premise wears thin even before the mercifully brief 76-minute running time is up." However, the critic adds that ""Zombeavers" is not a total wash, and seen at night, under the right combination of low expectations and controlled substances, it may even seem better than it really is." The "Los Angeles Times" was ambivalent as they felt that the film was "a fun idea and, like a good undead animal, has some solid designs on hitting its target" but that this "doesn't necessarily save the experience of watching the film from being anything other than hairy."

"Zombeavers" was released in Austria on November 7, 2014, where it grossed $29,133. It opened in the United States on March 20, 2015, and ended the weekend with a 63rd-place finish grossing $8,163 from eleven screens. As of April 5, 2015, the total US gross is $14,947, for a total worldwide gross of $44,080.

The soundtrack was composed by Al and Jon Kaplan. It features songs from the Kaplan brothers' band, Legolambs. The soundtrack was released on April 24, 2015, via La-La Land Records. The film also features soundscape from soundcloud.



</doc>
<doc id="43178709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43178709" title="The Moleman of Belmont Avenue">
The Moleman of Belmont Avenue

The Moleman of Belmont Avenue is a 2011 American comedy horror film that was written and directed by Mike Bradecich and John LaFlamboy, who also starred. The film premiered in 2011 and was released to DVD on September 10, 2013.

The film opens with Marion (Mike Bradecich) unsuccessfully trying to persuade some tenants to remain in his run-down apartment building. The tenants' complaints stem from several issues, including the building's heat and power getting shut off and Marion stealing power from a nearby church. During this time Marion's brother Jarmon (John LaFlamboy) returns home from his latest get rich quick scheme, which has failed like all of his other attempts. The two brothers are bombarded by complaints from their tenants, mainly centering on the building's rundown state and the disappearance of everyone's pets.

The brothers discover that the pets have been taken by a "moleman" (Justin DiGiacomo) that has been eating the pets one by one. They launch a series of attempts to deter the moleman but ultimately end up failing to stop the creature from eating all of the building's pets. During this time they also end up making enemies of two local police officers. With the pet population depleted, Marion and Jarmon were hoping that the moleman would move on but soon find that it has begun to attack the building's occupants. They manage to initially stop the moleman from taking the elderly Mrs. Habershackle (Mary Seibel) but it returns to her apartment later and succeeds in taking her. Marion comes up with the idea of choosing specific occupants to feed to the creature to save the others, particularly the beautiful bartender that operates the bar beneath the building. This horrifies Jarmon and he tries to stop Marion, resulting in the moleman charging at them. They're saved at the last minute by Danny (David Pasquesi), a hermit living in one of the apartments and Marion's first choice to feed to the moleman.

Danny informs the two that the moleman had been around for years and had tried to attack him back when the building had been run by the brothers' mother. The only reason that the moleman had not waged such a wide attack on the building had been due to the building's heating system running and blocking off the moleman's route into the building (as he was using several underground prohibition-era bootlegging tunnels), but since the power had been shut off the moleman was able to freely access the building. Having had enough, they decide to take on the moleman and inform the building's occupants of everything that has happened. They go into the basement and succeed in killing the moleman, but discover that there wasn't one moleman but many. They barely manage to escape and light a fire in the heating system, blocking the mole men from pursuing them. The film then cuts forward to an undetermined point in time, where the two brothers have begun taking their jobs as landlords more seriously. They inform some new tenants that they must pay for all utilities except heat, as they run the heater year round due to the building being "drafty" (they do not inform them that it is actually done to keep mole men out of the building). The film ends with the two brothers going downstairs to respond to a warning by an alarm system that goes off whenever a moleman tries to come in through the heating system.


Critical reception for "The Moleman of Belmont Avenue" has been mixed. The "Oklahoma Gazette" and "DVD Verdict" both panned the film, and "DVD Verdict" wrote that ""The Moleman of Belmont Avenue" didn't inspire laughs. Instead, I just wanted it to end." "Variety" commented that "Progress is consistently amusing if seldom hilarious; momentum occasionally slackens" but that the film had its "cult-following credentials in order" by way of its cast members. "Dread Central" and "Bloody Disgusting" both praised the film, and "Bloody Disgusting" stated that "With great chemistry fueling the creators, the movie is definitely worth checking out."



</doc>
<doc id="43179110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43179110" title="1001 Arabian Nights (1959 film)">
1001 Arabian Nights (1959 film)

1001 Arabian Nights is a 1959 American animated comedy film produced by United Productions of America (UPA) and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Released to theaters on December 1, 1959, the film is a loose adaptation of the Arab folktale of "Aladdin" from "One Thousand and One Nights", albeit with the addition of UPA's star cartoon character, Mr. Magoo, to the story as Aladdin's uncle, "Abdul Azziz Magoo". It is the first animated feature to be released by Columbia Pictures.

In a distant Middle Eastern Kingdom, the young Aladdin lives with his nearsighted and stubborn uncle, Abdul Azziz Magoo, who owns a lamp shop. Believing that Aladdin is growing up to be a lazy and irresponsible man, Magoo encourages Aladdin to get married.

Meanwhile, the wizard Wazir has been siphoning money from the royal treasury and manages to persuade the now-bankrupt Sultan to ask his daughter, the Princess Yasminda, to marry the richest man in the land - which now happens to be Wazir.

During a royal procession, Aladdin and Yasminda fall in love. In his quest for absolute power, Wazir seeks the genie of the magic lamp, which is sealed in a magic cave, and needs Aladdin to get it for him. However, he is unable to obtain the lamp after it falls back into the cave with Aladdin still inside.
Aladdin meets the genie and escapes the cave with a chestful of treasures. Magoo then takes the treasure to the palace as a dowry, and manages to unintentionally spoil Wazir and Yasminda's wedding with his naivety and nearsighted physical handicap.

The genie conjures a palace and wealth for Aladdin, which is enough to persuade the Sultan to agree to let Yasminda marry him. However, the vengeful Wazir manages to steal the lamp and the allegiance of the genie, thus exposing Aladdin as a fraud. Aladdin is sent to the scaffold.

As Wazir kidnaps and attempts to woo Yasminda back, the clueless Magoo inadvertently manages to obtain the lamp from Wazir and thus the allegiance of the genie, while also managing to dodge all of Wazir's attempts to kill him. Wazir falls to his death. Only wanting the best for his nephew, Magoo wishes for Aladdin and Yasminda to live happily ever after; thus, the genie saves Aladdin from execution and he and Yasminda wed.


The film was originally directed by Pete Burness, who was the series director on the popular series of "Mr. Magoo" theatrical cartoons produced for Columbia by UPA between 1949 and 1959. Disagreements with producer and UPA owner Stephen Bosustow led to Burness resigning and Bosustow recruiting Jack Kinney, the director of many of Disney's "Goofy" cartoons, as the film's new director. The voice of Magoo in the short cartoons, Jim Backus, reprises his role in the feature, with Katheryn Grant, the singer/actress wife of Bing Crosby, as the voice of Princess Yasminda and Dwayne Hickman, from TV's "The Bob Cummings Show" and "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", as the voice of Aladdin.

"1001 Arabian Nights" was the first full-length feature produced by UPA, a studio which had revolutionized animation during the 1950s by incorporating design and limited animation. The film was not a box-office success, and was UPA's final release through Columbia, which had ended its distribution for the UPA short subjects in favor of lower-cost "Loopy De Loop" cartoons from Hanna-Barbera Productions. Following the film's release, Bousustow sold UPA to Henry G. Saperstein, who moved the studio into television production and a second feature production, "Gay Purr-ee", before closing the animation studio and moving UPA on to other ventures.

"1001 Arabian Nights" was released on VHS videocassette by RCA/Columbia Pictures Home Video in 1985. It was released on DVD in 2011 as a manufactured-on-demand release from the Sony Pictures Choice Collection, now available through Warner Archive.

In 2014, "1001 Arabian Nights" was included as disc four of the four-disc DVD boxed set "Mr. Magoo: The Theatrical Collection 1949-1959" from Shout! Factory.



</doc>
<doc id="43180282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43180282" title="It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog">
It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog

It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog is a 1946 American comedy crime film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Carole Landis, Allyn Joslyn and Margo Woode.

After returning from World War II, a journalist is assigned by his newspaper to be science editor when he wishes to be restored to his old job as a crime reporter. While drowning his sorrows in a bar, he sees what he believes to be a hold-up involving a beautiful young woman and her dog. He triggers a major manhunt after calling in the story to his newsdesk, before realizing that the woman is both innocent and a serving member of the police. Together with her - who is assigned to the same case he is working on - they are able to bring the Valentine gang of criminals to justice.




</doc>
<doc id="43182076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43182076" title="On the Side of the Road">
On the Side of the Road

On the Side of the Road is a 2013 Israeli documentary film written and directed by Lia Tarachansky. The film focuses on Israeli collective denial of the events of 1948 that led to the country's Independence and the Palestinian refugee problem. It follows war veterans Tikva Honig-Parnass and Amnon Noiman as they tackle their denial of their actions in the war. The film also tells the story of the director, Lia Tarachansky, an Israeli who grew up in a settlement in the West Bank but as an adult began to realize the problems of the Israeli Occupation for the Palestinians. The film was shot over the course of five years and premiered at the First International Independent Film Festival in Tel Aviv.

Lia Tarachansky grew up in a settlement. When the Second Intifada broke out in 2000 her family moved to Canada. There, for the first time she met Palestinians and "discovered" their history and learned why they were fighting Israel in the first place.

When she became a journalist, she returned to Israel to become the local correspondent for The Real News network. Returning for the first time to her settlement, she "discovers" the Palestinians next door as she travels the West Bank covering the Israeli military occupation. In this film she meets with those who played a personal role in the events of 1948 and like her, "discovered" that which they had not only erased from their consciousness, but erased from the map. For years she tries to convince veterans of the 1948 war who started the conflict as we know it today to face the most difficult questions and dig deep into their memories. This is a film about the questions Israelis cannot ask, about memories that cannot be uncovered, and the history which is fighting to come to light.

It was then, in 1948, three years after the Holocaust that the nascent Jewish state was created on Palestinian land. The war that followed after Arab armies started to invade Israel led to two-thirds of the Palestinian people becoming refugees. Those who fled or were expelled to this day remain in camps throughout the Arab world, the West Bank and Gaza. In 2009 the Israeli government proposed a law that forbade mourning this history—a law that attempted to criminalize history itself.


The film was shot over a period of five years. It was originally titled "Seven Deadly Myths" and was conceived as a journalistic film featuring the New Historians. Following a personal transformation, director Tarachansky decided to focus the film on the personal stories of Israeli veterans and as a result the film changed in content and title.

"On the Side of the Road" premiered at the First International Festival on Nakba and Return, which took place at Cinematheque Tel Aviv. The film premiered in the West Bank city of Ramallah in March, at the Franco-German Cultural Center in March 2014. The film was later featured at the Eye on Palestine film festival in Ghent, Belgium and at the Nakba Film Festival in Australia.

In June 2014 the film received Honorable Mention at the International Independent Film Awards in California.

According to the film's director, the mass displacement of Palestinians in 1948 remains a taboo in Israeli society. In an interview with Frank Barat she said "The strongest element of Israeli DNA is knowing what questions you cannot ask". Controversy arose at the festival at which "On the Side of the Road" premiered when Israeli Parliamentarian Ayelet Shaked argued that state subsidy of cultural events referring to the events of 1948 as the "Nakba" is in violation of the 2011 Nakba Law.



</doc>
<doc id="43186508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43186508" title="The Match (film)">
The Match (film)

The Match (also titled The Beautiful Game) is a 1999 British romantic comedy film written and directed by Mick Davis.

In the Scottish village of Inverdoune, teams representing the village's two pubs—Benny's Bar and Le Bistro—have played an annual football game for 99 consecutive years. Under the terms of the original bet, the loser of the 100th match must forfeit their bar to the winner. Facing its 100th consecutive loss, Benny's Bar looks set to be bulldozed and replaced with a car park by the odious owner of Le Bistro, "Gorgeous" George Gus (Richard E. Grant). Local boy Wullie Smith (Max Beesley) returns from university, where he stays at the home of Sheila Bailey, re-igniting his dormant feelings for her daughter Rosemary (Laura Fraser). Wullie possesses TFR (Total Football Recall)—an encyclopedic recollection of football tactics and statistics—and would be an ideal manager for the Benny's Bar team, but he is traumatised by the death of his brother during their childhood and refuses. Also unwilling to help the team is a resident former professional football player (Neil Morrissey), known as "Piss-Off" due to his response whenever he is asked to play.


"The Match" was filmed in the Scottish village of Straiton in South Ayrshire.

One of the film's production companies was Irish DreamTime, owned by actor Pierce Brosnan who appears in a cameo role in the film as John MacGhee. Footballer Alan Shearer also makes a cameo appearance.



</doc>
<doc id="43194769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43194769" title="I Adore You (film)">
I Adore You (film)

I Adore You is a 1933 British musical comedy film set in a movie studio. It was most notable for Errol Flynn appearing as an extra.

Margot Grahame was the heroine and Clifford Heatherley plays a film magnate.

The choreography was done by Ralph Reader, a protege of Busby Berkeley.

It is considered a lost film.

Norman Young (Harold French) wants to marry Margot Grahame (Margot Grahame) but her contract with a producer prohibits her from marrying during a five-year period. Norman spends millions to take over the contact.


</doc>
<doc id="43195062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43195062" title="The Prophet (2014 film)">
The Prophet (2014 film)

The Prophet (full title Kahlil Gibran's The Prophet) is a 2014 animated drama film adapted from Kahlil Gibran's book "The Prophet". Produced by Salma Hayek, whose voice is also present, the production consisted of different directors for each of the film's collective essays, with animation director Roger Allers supervising and credited as screenwriter. Segment directors include Paul and Gaëtan Brizzi, Joan C. Gratz, Mohammed Saeed Harib, Tomm Moore, Nina Paley, Bill Plympton, Joann Sfar and Michal Socha.

The film had an in-progress preview at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and its world premiere at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. It was released in the United States on 7 August 2015 by GKIDS to positive reviews from critics.

Set in Lebanon during the Ottoman Empire, Kamila, a widowed mother, works as the housekeeper for Mustafa, a foreign poet, painter and political activist being held under house arrest. Mustafa is guarded by the soldier Halim, who secretly pines for Kamila. Kamila's young daughter, Almitra, has stopped talking due to her father's death, and has become a troublemaker who frequently steals from local merchants. Almitra has seagulls for her only friends; she even seems able to talk to them by making birdlike noises.

When Halim's pompous Sergeant arrives to tell Mustafa that he is now free, he must board a ship to his home country by day's end. The Sergeant escorts Mustafa to the ship, and Mustafa spends the time conversing with Kamila, Almitra and Halim, as well as with the townspeople, who regard him a hero. Mustafa's conversations, ranging in topics from freedom, parenthood and marriage, to working, eating, love, and good and evil are animated by the film's various directors in their own unique styles.

Once they reach the ship, the army imprisons Mustafa in a fortress instead of allowing him to board. The commanding officer labels Mustafa's writings as seditious, and demands that he retract his statements. Mustafa refuses, asserting that his writings are not seditious. Thus, the commanding officer sentences Mustafa to death by firing squad the next morning unless he disavows his writings. That evening, Kamila, Almitra and Halim try to help Mustafa escape.

Almitra sees Mustafa through his prison cell window, and talks for the first time since her father's death. Mustafa refuses to try to escape, giving his final animated poem, this time on death. His final wish is that his friends to return to the house and rescue all his paintings and writings before the army can destroy them. The next day, Mustafa once again refuses to renounce his writings as he is being led to the firing squad in the fortress's open yard. A large flock of seagulls surround him as he is being placed in position.

Over at the house, Kamila and Almitra retrieve all of Mustafa's writings and drawings right before the army arrives, and they hide in the woods. Suddenly, they hear loud gunfire and see the flock of seagulls flee the fortress but Almitra insists that Mustafa is all right. As she sees the flock circle around the now departing ship, Almitra sees Mustafa's spirit aboard the homebound ship.


Additional voices by Assaf Cohen, John Kassir, Nick Jameson, Fred Tatasciore, Terri Douglas, Lynnanne Zager, Leah Allers, Caden Armstrong, Gunnar Sizemore, Mona Marshall, Rajia Baroudi and Michael Bell.


The film was released on-demand on January 19, and on Blu-ray/DVD on 2 February 2016.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 67% based on 66 reviews, with an average rating of 6.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Kahlil Gibran's the Prophet" is a thrillingly lovely adaptation of the classic text, albeit one that doesn't quite capture the magic of its source material." Metacritic gives it a weighted average score of 61%, based on 21 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

"Variety" wrote, "As if it weren't special enough to hear Neeson recite Gibran's sentiments amidst such striking visuals, the addition of music further elevates verses that so many have already committed to memory and which a whole new audience can now discover for the first time."



</doc>
<doc id="43195808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43195808" title="The Invisible Wall (1947 film)">
The Invisible Wall (1947 film)

The Invisible Wall is a 1947 American film noir directed by Eugene Forde starring Don Castle, Virginia Christine and Richard Gaines.

The movie features an early performance by Jeff Chandler as a gangster.

Told in flashback, the film recounts how gambler Harry Lane (Castle) ended up accused of murder: Returned from the war he took up his old job working for bookmaker Marty Floyd (Keane). Dispatched by his boss to deliver $20,000 to a contact in Las Vegas, he foolishly loses some of the money at the gambling tables, then loses the rest of it to a conman (Gaines). His attempts to recover the money result in him accidentally killing the conman. In the end Lane is cleared when it is revealed that the victim was no victim after all.




</doc>
<doc id="43195813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43195813" title="The Miami Story">
The Miami Story

The Miami Story is a 1954 American film noir crime film directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Barry Sullivan and Luther Adler.

The film features an introduction by Florida U.S. Senator George Smathers.

Miami mob boss Tony Brill and hit man Ted Delacorte continue to elude the law. A scheme is hatched by attorney Frank Alton to bring former murder suspect Mick Flagg out of hiding, hoping he can infiltrate Brill's outfit.

Flagg reluctantly agrees. He leaves young son Gil with a Florida family, then gains Brill's trust, as well as that of Holly Abbott, whose sister Gwen is now the girlfriend of Brill.

Although he succeeds in disrupting Brill's business interests, Flagg is helpless to prevent Holly from being physically assaulted and Gil kidnapped. Holly betrays her sister, resulting in Gwen's arrest. A trap is set for Brill and Delacorte, who attempt to flee on a speedboat but are nabbed by the law.




</doc>
<doc id="43209028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43209028" title="Dirtymouth">
Dirtymouth

Dirtymouth is a 1970 American biographic film of the comic Lenny Bruce, starring Bernie Travis and written and directed by Herbert S. Altman.

After Altman completed the film, it was the subject of a lawsuit by film producer Marvin Worth. Worth had obtained the film rights in two books written by Bruce, and he alleged that Altman's movie infringed the copyrights in those books. The court agreed that some of the content in the film was copyright infringement, and issued a preliminary injunction. Travis had also starred as Bruce in a stage production at The Village Gate in Greenwich Village; that production was also the subject of a copyright lawsuit by the executors of Bruce's estate.

The film eventually received some small critical attention before being eclipsed by Worth's much more famous 1974 film production "Lenny", directed by Bob Fosse and starring Dustin Hoffman.



</doc>
<doc id="43209733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43209733" title="Blonde or Brunette">
Blonde or Brunette

Blonde or Brunette is a surviving 1927 silent film comedy directed by Richard Rosson, produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures. It starred Adolphe Menjou, Greta Nissen and Arlette Marchal.

Copy held at Library of Congress.





</doc>
<doc id="43212643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43212643" title="Night of the Living Deb">
Night of the Living Deb

Night of the Living Deb is a 2015 American romantic zombie comedy film directed by Kyle Rankin. It stars Maria Thayer, Michael Cassidy, Ray Wise and Chris Marquette. Thayer plays an awkward woman who, after a one-night stand, realizes she has awoken to a zombie apocalypse.

At a bar, Deb Clarington, a camera operator for the local news, sees an attractive man, Ryan Waverly. Although she is initially too insecure to approach him, her friend Ruby talks her into it. While awkwardly hitting on him, Deb is interrupted by Ryan's fiance, who breaks up with him when he refuses to accept a high-paying job at his father's company. The next thing Deb knows, she wakes in Ryan's bed with a hangover. Ryan asks her to leave, and after several attempts to seduce him, she reluctantly agrees, but sees people attack and cannibalize each other. Deb saves Ryan from a zombie attack, and they return to his apartment.

Deb once again attempts to seduce Ryan, who is more concerned with checking on his family and ex-fiancee. Since he has no car, Deb agrees to help him. They first visit his elderly neighbor for supplies. Finding her apparently dead, they bicker over arrangements, only to be surprised when she rises as a zombie. After they kill her, Deb drops the supplies, alerting many zombies. The two flee to her car, agreeing that they will not stop until they reach Ryan's family. Along the way, Deb eagerly rams several zombies; Ryan objects, saying they may be treatable. Although skeptical of his idealistic optimism, Deb agrees not to unnecessarily kill them.

Despite their earlier agreement, Deb takes a detour to visit Ruby, who is now a zombie. Convinced the zombies may be treatable, Deb traps Ruby in the car's trunk. At Ryan's father's mansion, the two meet Chaz, Ryan's brother, who quizzes them on whether they are zombies before allowing them in. Ryan is reunited with Stacy, and Ryan's father, Frank, reveals that his water treatment plant spread the zombie virus to the town. When Deb pushes for more information, he blames the govenor for pushing an environmentally dangerous project, to Ryan's disgust.

Frank privately tells Ryan the governor has arranged a helicopter for them, and Ryan insists they take Deb. Frank initially refuses but relents when Ryan threatens to stay behind. Frank attempts to drug Deb so they can leave her behind, but she hands the drugged food to their security guard. When Ryan tells Stacy he no longer wants to marry her, she loudly simulates having sex, driving Deb to leave the house and Chaz to become intensely jealous. After their guard dies, zombies attack Stacy. Chaz ignores her pleas for help, and dazed by seeing her eaten alive, allows himself to be bitten. The Waverlys leave the house for the helicopter, taking Chaz with them.

Deb discovers a security checkpoint at the town limits. Satisfying the paramilitary group, they allow her to leave but say she must turn back to the town. After she invokes Frank's name to the govenor, Frank himself appears, demanding his helicopter transportation. The govenor explains there never was a helicopter, and he wants only to clean up loose ends. Ryan tells the Govenor that Deb is a reporter who has evidence on him hidden in her car's trunk; the govenoropens the trunk and is killed by Ruby. When Frank is also bitten, he tells Ryan and Deb to flee while he holds off the soldiers.

Deb realizes they can use her television station to send out a broadcast that can not be jammed. After she proclaims her love for Ryan on-air, she is bitten. Believing herself to be turning into a zombie, she asks Ryan to leave her behind and wait for help, but he refuses to abandon her, instead offering himself to her as zombie food. Before she can bite him, paramedics break into the station and reveal the virus is not contagious. Frank and Chaz, revealed to have also survived although under arrest, encourage Ryan to proclaim his love to Deb. As fighter jets bomb the city, Deb and Ryan kiss.


On March 6, 2014 Kyle Rankin and Michael Cassidy revealed via Kickstarter that they were producing a "Zom-Rom-Com". They gave fans a tease with a pledge video to demonstrate how the film could be; plus to give fans another tease, they released the first 16 pages of the script online, so they knew what they were investing in. The fans were given 30 days to raise $99,000 – but by April 5, 2014, they had raised over $100,000.

Portland, Maine was chosen for filming since it was Kyle's hometown. Principal photography commenced on June 10, 2014, and ended on July 3, 2014. The cast and crew publicly promoted a wrap party that anyone could attend, with purchase of a $95 ticket, which was held on July 3, 2014.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 80% of five surveyed critics from gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 6.5/10.

Jennie Kermode, writing for Eye for Film wrote that the film "feels like it was made by a soap opera producer for daytime TV, and even dedicated fans of the shuffling undead will struggle to swallow it.".


</doc>
<doc id="43213408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43213408" title="Trophy Wife (film)">
Trophy Wife (film)

Trophy Wife is a 2014 Filipino romantic drama and thriller film directed by Andoy Ranay, starring Cristine Reyes, Derek Ramsay, Heart Evangelista, and John Estrada. The film will be distributed by Viva Films with the co-production of Multivision Pictures and was released on July 30, 2014 in theatres nationwide.

This is the 4th Adult drama fil Viva Films produced in the 2010s after the hit movies No Other Woman (2011), A Secret Affair (2012), and When the Love is Gone (2013).

Chino (Derek Ramsay), a rich playboy, meets Lani (Cristine Reyes), a GI baby of a former prostitute, when he visits Angeles City for a bar hopping. During Chino and Lani's whirlwind romance, Chino gets into a fight with a mayor's son that leads his brother Sammy (John Estrada) to send him to America. Lani, with no knowledge of Chino's departure to America, follows Chino to Manila to tell him about her pregnancy. Upon Lani's visit, Sammy refuses Lani entry to their house. As Sammy leaves the house, not looking at the commotion Lani is causing outside his car, he instructs his driver to ignore Lani's pleas and carry on driving. The driver accidentally bumps into Lani, causing her miscarriage.

With nothing else going on for her, Lani holds on to her American dream. Blessed with beauty and a whistle-bait figure, she plans to use these assets to inch her way toward advancing her social status, and subsequently, to plot vengeance against the brothers. Winning Ms. Body Beautiful and working as a joiner in a bar in Manila, Lani monitors the status of Chino and Sammy. Lani's plot begins to unravel when the American Ambassador takes her to a society ball. As part of the elite, Sammy also attends the ball. Sammy instantly notices Lani's smashing looks and gets smitten.

Meanwhile, a homesick Chino in America finds comfort in his newfound friend, Gwen (Heart Evangelista). With Gwen's attributes, Chino falls for Gwen in no time. One night, Chino receives a phone call from Sammy asking him to come back to Manila to meet his new sister-in-law. Chino, together with Gwen, excitedly heads back to Manila to be introduced to the new bride. Chino's excitement turns into despair when he realizes that his new sister-in-law turns out to be Lani, the girl he abandoned.

Unable to confess to Sammy and Gwen, Chino's paranoia and Lani's constant seduction create a rift between the two brothers. Little did Sammy and Chino know, the plot has been carefully planned by Lani and Gwen. Gwen is actually Lani's long-lost sister who was adopted by a Filipino family in America. Gwen, who is trying to make up for their years apart, agrees to Lani's plot. The pact between the two sisters becomes complicated, however, when Gwen slowly falls for Chino.

Lani feels betrayed by Gwen's feelings for Chino, and promises to win Chino back. Lani succeeds. Sammy discovers the infidelity of his wife. Sammy's violent streak surfaces as his jealousy turns to rage. He soon discovers the connivance of the sisters and takes Lani to a remote cabin to kill her.

Gwen learns from their mother about Lani's miscarriage. She decides to tell Chino about Lani's misfortune together with her secret as Lani's long-lost sister. Realizing the absence of Sammy and Lani in the house, Chino and Gwen seek help from Sammy's ex-wife. After they obtained vital information about the whereabouts of Sammy and Lani, Chino and Gwen head to the cabin to save Lani. Gwen and Chino find the cabin as Sammy is torturing Lani. Chino and Sammy wrestle for the gun. The unthinkable happens. Chino kills Sammy.

Chino faces trial and is found innocent. As he comes out of prison, Gwen waits for him. While Chino and Gwen start their new lives, Lani, who now inherits Sammy's fortune, finally fulfills her American dream



Nominated in 2015 for Movie of the Year and John Estrada for Movie Actor of the Year at the 31st PMPC Star Awards for Movies.


</doc>
<doc id="43214759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43214759" title="Hide and Seek (2014 film)">
Hide and Seek (2014 film)

Hide and Seek (released as Amorous in the United States) is a 2014 British-American romantic drama film, directed by Joanna Coates and co-written by Coates and Daniel Metz.

The film won the Michael Powell Award at the Edinburgh International Film Festival.

In an English cottage, four young people from London move in together, seeking to challenge social conventions and their own tolerances by engaging in scheduled partner-swapping. The durability of their new living arrangements is tested by the arrival of an outsider who fails to get in tune with the foursome's radical spirit.




</doc>
<doc id="43215087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43215087" title="The Boss Baby">
The Boss Baby

The Boss Baby is a 2017 American computer-animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox. Loosely based on the 2010 picture book of the same name by Marla Frazee, the film was directed by Tom McGrath, from a screenplay by Michael McCullers, and stars the voices of Alec Baldwin as the title character, along with Miles Bakshi, Steve Buscemi, Jimmy Kimmel, Lisa Kudrow, and Tobey Maguire. The plot follows a baby who is a secret agent in the war for adults' love between babies and puppies.

"The Boss Baby" premiered at the Miami International Film Festival on March 12, 2017, and was released on March 31. Upon release, the film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $528 million worldwide against its $125 million budget. The film received Best Animated Feature nominations at both the Academy Awards, Annie Awards, and Golden Globes (losing all to "Coco").

A sequel is scheduled to be released on March 26, 2021, while a Netflix TV series, "", premiered April 6, 2018.

A boy named Tim Templeton tells a story about his 7-year-old self and his parents, Ted and Janice. One day, Tim is surprised when an infant wearing a business suit arrives at his house in a taxi, and Ted and Janice call him Tim's little brother. Tim is envious of the attention the day-old baby receives, not to mention suspicion when the infant acts odd around him, but his parents are oblivious.

Soon, Tim learns that the baby can talk like an adult, and he introduces himself as "The Boss". Seeing an opportunity to get rid of him, Tim decides to record a conversation between the Boss Baby and other toddlers who are at Tim's house for a meeting. A chase ensues, and the cassette tape is terminated by passing automobile after the Boss Baby threatens to tear up Tim's favorite stuffed animal, Lam-Lam. With no evidence to support him, Tim's parents ground him for three weeks.

The Boss Baby apologizes to Tim and has him suck on a pacifier that transports them to Baby Corp., a place where infants with adult-like minds work to preserve infant love everywhere. The Boss Baby explains that he was sent to see why puppies are being loved more than infants. He has infiltrated Tim's residence because his parents work for Puppy Co., which will unleash a new puppy on a pet convention in Las Vegas. The Boss Baby stays intelligent by drinking a "Secret Baby Formula" that enables a baby to act like an adult. However, should a baby not drink it after a period of time, he or she becomes a regular baby. When they overhear Boss Baby's boss threatening to fire him for not bringing in information, which would strip him of his formula and strand him at the Templetons, he and Tim agree to work together to prevent that.

Tim's parents "un-ground" him and take them to Puppy Co. for take your child to work day. While there, they slip away and find what they think is the plans for a "Forever Puppy", but they are captured by the company's founder and CEO, Francis E. Francis. They discover that Francis used to be the head of Baby Corp. and whom Boss Baby idolizes, but was ousted when it was discovered that his lactose intolerance kept the secret formula from working properly. Francis intends to have the Forever Puppies overshadow babies by stealing Boss Baby's serum bottle and infecting the puppies with it as revenge. Tim's parents go with Francis to Las Vegas, and Francis has his brother Eugene pose as Tim and Boss Baby's babysitter to keep them from interfering.

Without a steady flow of formula to maintain his intelligence, Boss Baby starts becoming a normal baby. Despite this, he and Tim evade the "babysitter" long enough to reach the airport but are too late to intercept Tim's parents. They sneak on to another plane bound for Las Vegas. There, they stall Francis' presentation when Eugene unwittingly gives away their plan. Furious at their interference, Francis locks Tim's parents up so he can burn them with exhaust from a rocket used to launch the Forever Puppies. Tim and Boss Baby defeat Eugene and move on to save their parents but are intercepted by Francis. Tim and Boss Baby push him off a ledge, making Francis tumble into the formula. Boss Baby opens the rocket to let the puppies out so they can save Tim's parents. His return to baby state is complete while on the rocket, and begins to cry, but Tim sings to him with the family song to show his appreciation, causing him to jump off the rocket before it launches. After the rocket does launch, Tim takes Boss Baby to the formula vat and he returns to his original self. Francis then emerges from the vat, having been reverted to an obese baby and tries to attack Boss Baby, but is picked up by a redeemed Eugene and tells Tim and Boss Baby that "This time we'll raise him right".

Boss Baby is promoted and leaves. Tim goes back to being an only child, but he and Boss Baby miss each other. After Tim writes a letter convincing him to live with him as his brother, Boss Baby returns to the Templeton family as a regular baby named Theodore Lindsey "Ted" Templeton. Back in the present, Tim finished with his brother Ted the story to his daughter, which she just had recently a baby sister, who acts like Ted did when he was Boss Baby.


Upon reading the original book on which the film is based McGrath felt a connection to it, as he had an older brother and felt like "the boss baby of the family". In keeping with that theme he stated, in an interview with Den of Geek, that "My personal goal with this was to watch this movie with my brother, and to see how it affected him!", which resulted in McGrath's brother being moved to tears by the completed film.

The look of the film was inspired by design techniques popularized in the 1960s, as well as animated films from both 60s and 50s. This was due to McGrath's belief that contemporary animated films focused too much on realism. To help his staff McGrath would play the opening scene of "Lady and the Tramp" for new hires specifically noting that the film "should be easy on the eyes and really lead your eye to what’s important in the shot.
In September 2014, Alec Baldwin and Kevin Spacey joined the cast of the film, with further casting news announced in June 2016, including Steve Buscemi replacing Spacey.

Miles Bakshi, son of the DreamWorks Animation's producer Gina Shay and grandson of the film director Ralph Bakshi, who directed the 1972 American adult animated comedy film "Fritz the Cat", provided the voice of 7-year old Tim. Having been often present at DreamWorks, McGrath initially asked Bakshi only to provide a temporary voice for Tim to see if the character "worked". The producers listened to 30 to 40 children to choose the scratch voice. McGrath explained their decision: "No one sounded as authentic as Miles did. A lot of child actors are great, but they are over-articulate for their age. Miles was just natural and charming. He had a little slur to his voice at the time and it was very endearing." Three years later, Miles was told that he got the part. Bakshi was 10 when he began recording the voice. During the long process, his voice started to change and "by the end it got pretty tough", according to Bakshi, who was 14 when the film was released. He had to get his voice "very soft, but when I got that perfect tone it was great."

The film was scored by Hans Zimmer, along with Steve Mazzaro and various artists. The film's soundtrack was released on Back Lot Music & iTunes. "Blackbird" by The Beatles is used as part of the plot at various points throughout the film. "My House" by Flo Rida is also used in the trailer for the film.

"The Boss Baby" was initially scheduled for release on March 18, 2016, but was later pushed back to March 31, 2017. The film premiered at the Miami Film Festival on March 12, 2017, and was released in the United States on March 31, 2017, by 20th Century Fox. The film was later released in Japan on March 21, 2018 by DreamWorks Animation's sister company Universal Pictures. The Japanese release is accompanied by the DreamWorks animated short "Bird Karma".

"The Boss Baby" was released on Digital HD on July 4, 2017, and was released on DVD, Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D and Ultra HD Blu-ray on July 25, 2017 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. The releases also include a new short film, "The Boss Baby and Tim's Treasure Hunt Through Time".

"The Boss Baby" grossed $175 million in the United States and Canada and $352.9 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $527.9 million.

In North America, "The Boss Baby" opened alongside "Ghost in the Shell" and "The Zookeeper's Wife", and was initially projected to gross around $30 million from 3,773 theaters in its opening weekend. However, after grossing $1.5 million from Thursday night previews and $15.5 million on Friday, weekend projections were increased to $50 million. It ended up debuting to $50.2 million, finishing first at the box office. It remained atop the box office in its second weekend, grossing $26.3 million.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 52% based on 178 reviews and an average rating of 5.52/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Boss Baby"s talented cast, glimmers of wit, and flashes of visual inventiveness can't make up for a thin premise and a disappointing willingness to settle for doody jokes." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 50 out of 100 based on 32 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.

Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" praised Baldwin and the adult humor, saying: "The contrast between the helpless-infant stage of life and corporate-speak is funny but fairly high-concept for a kiddie movie, and the plot grows denser as it goes along and the baby and Tim reluctantly join forces to stop a conspiracy by which puppies would corner all the love in the world."

On May 25, 2017, Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Animation announced that a sequel is set to be released on March 26, 2021, with Alec Baldwin reprising his role. On May 17, 2019, it was announced that Tom McGrath will return as director and Jeff Hermann, who produces "Bilby" and "Bird Karma", as well as the upcoming short "Marooned", will produce the sequel.

On December 12, 2017, both Netflix and DreamWorks Animation announced the release of the TV series based off the film. "" was released in 2018.



</doc>
<doc id="43219389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43219389" title="Alien: Covenant">
Alien: Covenant

Alien: Covenant is a 2017 science fiction horror film directed and produced by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper, from a story by Michael Green and Jack Paglen. A joint American and British production, the film is a sequel to "Prometheus" (2012) and is the second installment in the "Alien" prequel series and the sixth installment overall in the "Alien" film series, as well as the third directed by Scott. The film features returning star Michael Fassbender and Katherine Waterston, with Billy Crudup, Danny McBride, and Demián Bichir in supporting roles. It follows the crew of a colony ship that lands on an uncharted planet and makes a terrifying discovery.

In 2012, prior to the release of "Prometheus", Ridley Scott discussed the prospects of a sequel and new trilogy, and the film was confirmed that August. Principal photography began on April 4, 2016, at Milford Sound in Fiordland National Park, New Zealand, and wrapped on July 19, 2016. Effects houses Odd Studios and CreatureNFX provided the film's makeup and animatronic creature effects. Scott said that the first cut of the film was two hours and twenty-three minutes long, and was eventually edited down to the two hours and three minutes of the released version.

"Alien: Covenant" premiered in London on May 4, 2017. It was released on May 12 in the United Kingdom, and on May 19 in the United States. The film received generally favorable reviews from critics but underperformed at the box office. The film grossed a worldwide total of US$240 million against a production budget of around US$111 million, not including marketing costs.

Business magnate Peter Weyland speaks with his newly activated android, who chooses the name "David" after observing Michelangelo's statue. Weyland states that one day they will search for mankind's creator together. David comments on his own unlimited lifespan as compared to Weyland's, which unsettles Weyland.

In 2104, eleven years after the "Prometheus" expedition, the colonization ship "Covenant" is seven years from reaching planet Origae-6, with 2,000 colonists in stasis and 1,140 human embryos in cold storage. The ship is monitored by Walter, an advanced android model that physically resembles David. When a shockwave damages the ship, Walter reanimates his 14 human crewmates, themselves couples and colonists. The ship's captain Jake Branson is burned alive when his stasis pod malfunctions. While repairing the ship, the crew picks up a transmission of a human voice from a nearby planet, which appears eminently more habitable than Origae-6. Despite the protests of Daniels, Branson's widow, that this new "perfect" planet is too good to be true, newly-promoted captain Chris Oram decides that they will check the new planet.

With pilot Tennessee maintaining "Covenant" in orbit, his wife Maggie flies a small lander to the Earth-like planet's surface, where an expedition team tracks the transmission's signal to a crashed alien ship. Crewmates Ledward and Hallett are infected by spores from fungus-like organisms. Oram's wife Karine helps the increasingly ill Ledward back to the lander, where Maggie quarantines them inside the med-bay. A small pale alien creature (neomorph) bursts from Ledward's back, killing him, and then mauls Karine to death. Maggie returns and attempts to kill the creature with a shotgun, but triggers an explosion which kills her and destroys the lander. Nearby in the fields, another neomorph bursts from Hallett's mouth, killing him. The neomorphs attack the remaining crew, killing crew member Ankor. The crew manages to kill one before David, who survived the "Prometheus" mission, appears and scares off the neomorph.

He leads the crew to a temple in a city full of dead humanoids. David tells them that upon his and fellow "Prometheus" survivor Elizabeth Shaw's arrival at the planet, their ship accidentally released a virus which annihilated all fauna on the planet, and that Shaw perished when the ship crashed. Meanwhile, attempts to radio the "Covenant" are stymied by ion storms. When the remaining neomorph infiltrates the temple and kills crew member Rosenthal, David tries to communicate with the creature, and is horrified when Oram kills it. Oram questions David, who reveals that the Aliens are a result of his releasing and experimenting with the pathogen to produce new lifeforms. He manipulates Oram into being attacked by a Facehugger Alien. A new form of Alien, the Xenomorph, later erupts from Oram's chest, killing him.

As the others search for Oram and Rosenthal, Walter finds Shaw's dissected corpse, used by David as material for his evolving creature designs. David states that humanity is a dying and unworthy species, and his designed creature is a "perfect organism" set to eradicate them. When Walter disagrees, David disables him, then threatens Daniels. Walter's advanced systems self-repair, and he attacks David while Daniels escapes. Crewmate Cole quickly cuts another facehugger off security chief Dan Lope, leaving Lope with acid burns on his face. The now fully grown xenomorph kills Cole, while Lope escapes and meets up with Daniels. Tennessee arrives in another lander to extract Daniels, Lope, and Walter, who says David has "expired". They kill the attacking xenomorph and return to "Covenant".

The next morning, Daniels and Tennessee discover that another xenomorph burst from Lope's chest, killing him, and is loose on the "Covenant". It matures, and kills crew members Upworth and her husband Ricks. Final crew members Tennessee and Daniels lure the creature into "Covenant"s terraforming bay and kill it.

"Covenant" resumes its voyage to Origae-6. As Walter helps Daniels into stasis, she realizes that Walter is in fact David, but is unable to escape from her pod before falling asleep. David regurgitates two facehugger embryos and places them in cold storage with the human embryos. 

He poses as Walter to record a log stating that all crewmembers except Daniels and Tennessee were killed by the solar flare incident at the beginning of the film and that the ship is still on course for Origae-6.


A number of actors appear in uncredited roles. Guy Pearce reprises his role as Peter Weyland, the trillionaire founder and CEO of Weyland Corporation (the Weyland-Yutani Corporation in "later" storylines) who died before the destruction of the "Prometheus". James Franco appears onscreen in photos and a video as Jacob Branson, the original captain of the "Covenant" and husband of Daniels; he also appears in deleted scenes. Noomi Rapace had played archaeologist Dr. Elizabeth Shaw as a member of the destroyed "Prometheus" in the prequel film, and appeared in a short promotional prologue to "Covenant" that was set in the period between the two movies, but does not act in the final cut of the movie itself, though her voice is heard from the planet early in the film and her image and voice appear later. Logan Marshall-Green's character Charlie Holloway, also from "Prometheus", also appears in an archive image alongside Shaw.

Other credited parts include Lorelei King as the voice of the "Covenant" computer "Mother"; King was a colleague of Helen Horton, the voice of the "Nostromo"'s "Mother" in 1979's "Alien". Goran D. Kleut is credited in two roles, as both a neomorph and a xenomorph, while Andrew Crawford is credited as a neomorph.

In 2012, prior to the release of "Prometheus", director Ridley Scott began hinting at the prospects of a sequel. Scott said that a sequel would follow Shaw to her next destination, "because if it is paradise, paradise cannot be what you think it is. Paradise has a connotation of being extremely sinister and ominous." "Prometheus" co-writer Damon Lindelof cast doubt on his own participation, and said, "if [Scott] wants me to be involved in something, that would be hard to say no to. At the same time, I do feel like the movie might benefit from a fresh voice or a fresh take or a fresh thought." Scott said that an additional film would be required to bridge the >100-year gap between the "Prometheus" sequel and "Alien".

, Fox was pursuing a sequel with Scott, Noomi Rapace, and Michael Fassbender involved, and was talking to new writers in case Lindelof did not return. In December 2012, Lindelof ultimately chose not to work on the project. Early on, Scott stated that the film would feature no xenomorphs, "The beast is done. Cooked." However, Scott later made contradictory statements, confirming the xenomorphs' presence in the film.

On September 24, Scott disclosed the film's title as "Alien: Paradise Lost". In November 2015, Scott revealed the new title to be "Alien: Covenant", and filming was set to begin in February 2016 in Australia. An official logo, synopsis and release date were released on November 16, 2015. During an interview concerning the development of the character of David since "Prometheus", Scott indicated the dark turn which David would take in "Covenant", saying, "'He hates them. He has no respect for Engineers and no respect for human beings.'"

The initial screenplay was written by "Transcendence" screenwriter Jack Paglen in June 2013. In March 2014, Michael Green was hired to rewrite Paglen's script. Dante Harper later wrote a new script but an extensive rewrite was performed by screenwriter John Logan. Logan had previously worked with Scott on "Gladiator". For Logan, the main concept was to adopt a dual plot line for the film which would combine the horror elements of "Alien" with the philosophical elements of "Prometheus". He said, "With "Alien: Covenant", I just really wanted to write something that had the feel of the original "Alien", because seeing that movie was one of the great events of my youth. It was so overpowering in terms of what it communicated to me and its implications, that when I started talking to Ridley about what became "Alien: Covenant", I said, 'You know, that was a hell of a scary movie.' I wanted to write a horror movie because the Grand Guignol elements of Alien are so profound. We tried to recapture that with "Alien: Covenant", while also trying to pay homage to the deeper implications of "Prometheus". In terms of tone, pace, and how we chose to play this particular symphony, we wanted to create a really frightening movie."

In late August 2015, Scott confirmed that he had started scouting locations for the film. In October 2015, the Australian government attracted the production of the film, and of "", to Australia by providing AU$47.25 million in grants. Woz Productions Ltd., a subsidiary of 20th Century Fox, visited Te Anau, New Zealand on March 28, 2016 for a location scout, for filming in Fiordland.

In August 2015, it was announced that the film would star Rapace and Fassbender, while Rik Barnett was in talks to join the cast. That December, Katherine Waterston was cast in the lead role of Daniels; it was Waterston's second film alongside Fassbender, after "Steve Jobs". Summer Glau, Carolyn Murphy and Alice Eve were also being considered. Dariusz Wolski, longtime collaborator with Scott, was confirmed to serve as the film's cinematographer. In 2016, Ridley Scott stated that Noomi Rapace would not reprise her role of Elizabeth Shaw. However, in June, it was announced that Rapace would shoot weeks' worth of scenes (though no new footage of hers appeared in the final film). Creature designer Carlos Huantes said in a 2019 interview that he believed it was the studio's decision to remove her from the film.

In February 2016, Danny McBride, Demián Bichir, Jussie Smollett, Amy Seimetz, Carmen Ejogo, Callie Hernandez, Billy Crudup, and Alexander England were reported to have joined the cast. In March 2016, newcomer Benjamin Rigby also joined the cast. In December 2016, it was announced James Franco had been added to the film, as Captain Branson, husband to Daniels and captain of the "Covenant". The role of Branson in the film was limited to a cameo appearance of the deceased captain.

In an article for Cinemablend from May 2017 titled "Mythbusters' Adam Savage Toured The Set Of Alien: Covenant, And It's Wonderful", Connor Schwerdfeger included a five-minute short video of Savage's discussion of several of the props and stage sets used in the production design for the filming of different scenes from the film. In an article for "The Hollywood Reporter" on May 18, 2017 titled "'Alien: Covenant': How the Xenomorph Continues to Horrify Audiences Decades Later", Patrick Shanley interviewed the art director for the film, Damien Drew, and creature design supervisor Conor O'Sullivan, regarding the involvement of the San Diego Zoo and its representative Rick Schwartz as a consultant for the design of the realistic effects of the creatures and Xenomorphs appearing throughout the film.

The VFX supervisor Charles Henley summarized the several vendors that were used to support production of the visual special effects seen in the film when the selection process was discussed, stating: "Both history and need guided the decisions on which vendors we used. Ridley had worked with MPC on many previous projects, in particular "Prometheus" for which I was MPC's VFX supervisor as well as "The Martian". There had a been a lot of great digital double and creature work done at MPC on recent projects so there was confidence they should be the lead facility. Framestore had recently worked with Ridley on space for "The Martian", similarly Animal Logic now had the original crew who did the holograms for "Prometheus". Also as we were shooting in Australia there was good reason and incentives to use Australian-based companies and so Luma and Rising Sun came on board."

Principal photography on the film began on April 4, 2016, at Milford Sound in Fiordland National Park, New Zealand, and wrapped on July 19, 2016.

Effects houses Odd Studios and CreatureNFX provided the film's makeup and animatronic creature effects, respectively, while Australian-based effects house Animal Logic provided the film's digital visual effects. Approximately 30 people from CreatureNFX worked on the project for almost six months building animatronics. Actors wearing creature suits with animatronic heads were used to portray the aliens.

Pietro Scalia, the editor of the film, spoke of the structural difficulty of integrating the two story lines in the final editing of the film in an interview with the ProVideo Coalition stating: "We moved some pieces around structurally dealing with when do we leave, what action or story beats on the planet and when to go back onto the spaceship. There were several longer beats between Farris and Tennessee trying to establish communication. Going back and forth too many times tended to make the journey to the Juggernaut and the Engineer's City belabored and tedious. We combined certain scenes between Farris and Tennessee, eliminated the walking and talking through the forest, getting the ground crew up the mountain quicker. Later on, after the attack in the Med Bay on the lander, we held back going back to Tennessee, for the part where he says: 'I never heard my wife so scared before', not after her death as scripted but after the second Neomorph birth as to not interrupt the momentum. The middle part of the film was more challenging after the reveal of David. Once the "Covenant" story merges with the "Prometheus" storyline, finding the proper structural order of the scenes proved to be difficult because of the distinctive dynamics of the two story lines in addition to the separation of the two locations of the action. In one sense, the action, the tension and unfolding drama going from one group to the other had to be balanced and spaced properly as not to lose the connective tissue of the film."

The complete list of countries representing the origin of the film was identified by BFI at the "Sight and Sound" as: United Kingdom, United States, Australia, and New Zealand. Previous partial lists often listed only one of the four countries involved in the development and production of the film.

The musical score for "Alien: Covenant" was written by Australian musician and composer Jed Kurzel. Initially, Harry Gregson-Williams was selected as the film's composer. When the first trailer was released in late 2016, Kurzel was revealed as the replacement for Gregson-Williams. Themes from Jerry Goldsmith's original score for "Alien" were incorporated, as well as themes from Marc Streitenfeld's and Harry Gregson-Williams' score for "Prometheus". A version of "Nature Boy" sung by Norwegian singer and songwriter Aurora was used in the first trailer, while another song, "Under the Water", was used in an extended promotional footage featuring the character Daniels (Katherine Waterston) battling a xenomorph.

Additional song credits include: "Theme from "Alien"" composed by Jerry Goldsmith, "Das Rheingold, Scene 4: Entrance of the Gods into Valhalla" composed by Richard Wagner, "Take Me Home, Country Roads" by John Denver, "The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo" by Fred Gilbert, "Ancient Flute", "Life" and "We Were Right" composed by Harry Gregson-Williams, and "Let Me Down Easy" by Paolo Nutini.

"Alien: Covenant" premiered on May 4, 2017, at the Odeon Leicester Square in London. The film was released on May 19 in the United States, in 2D and IMAX 2D. It was originally set to be released on October 6, 2017 before being moved up to August 4, and then again to its final date.

The film was released in Mainland China on June 16, 2017, but is trimmed by 6 minutes, leaving the film total released length in China at 116 minutes. It is very likely that the move was due to usual censorship by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, because of the monstrous violence depicted in the movie and the removal of the David-Walter 'kiss' scene which was deleted due to LGBT censorship sensitivities in China.

"Alien: Covenant" was released in Japan on September 15, 2017.

The release of the film was accompanied by a novelization of the film by Alan Dean Foster, who also authored the novelization of the original "Alien" film from the 1970s. A companion volume of the art and stage design of the film was released at the same time, written by Simon Ward and titled "The Art and Making of Alien: Covenant".

A second "Covenant" novel by Foster was initially billed as a book sequel to the film to be released in September 2017, before being revealed as a direct prequel to "Covenant" under the title "Alien: Covenant – Origins". "Titan Books", as the publisher for this direct prequel, released a plot summary promoting the release of the book on September 26, 2017, stating:As the colony ship "Covenant" prepares for launch, and the final members of the crew are chosen, a series of violent events reveals a conspiracy to sabotage the launch. Yet the perpetrators remain hidden behind a veil of secrecy. The threat reaches all the way up to Hideo Yutani—the head of the newly merged Weyland-Yutani Corporation—when his daughter is kidnapped. Is the conspiracy the product of corporate espionage, or is it something even more sinister? While Captain Jacob Branson and his wife Daniels prepare the ship, Security chief Dan Lopé signs a key member of his team, and together they seek to stop the technologically advanced saboteurs before anyone else is killed, and the ship itself is destroyed in orbit.

"Alien: Covenant" was released on Blu-ray, DVD, and 4K Ultra HD on August 15, 2017. The home release includes an audio commentary by the director, and 22 minutes of missing scenes and unused footage from the first cut of the film.

On April 26, 2017, 20th Century Fox released "Alien: Covenant In Utero", a virtual reality interactive demo teaser for "Alien: Covenant" for the Oculus Rift and the Samsung Gear VR. The experience was produced by RSA, FoxNext VR, MPC, Mach1, AMD Radeon, and Dell Alienware. The trailer is a first-person experience in which the viewer plays the role of a neomorph. The experience was executive produced by Scott, and directed by David Karlak.

"Alien: Covenant" grossed a worldwide total of US$240.9 million, including US$74.3 million in the United States and Canada, and US$166.6 million in other countries, against a production budget of US$97 million.

Fox released the film in several countries before the United States. It was released in 34 markets, where it debuted to US$40.1 million, opening at number one in 19 of them. Its overall rank for the weekend was second behind the continued run of "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2". The top openings were in South Korea (US$7.2 million), the UK (US$6.4 million), France (US$4.5 million), Australia (US$3.1 million), and Mexico (US$2.5 million). In China, the film was released on June 16 and grossed US$30 million, topping the box office.

In North America, the film was released alongside "Everything, Everything" and "", and was projected to gross around US$40 million from 3,760 theaters during its opening weekend. It made US$4.3 million from Thursday-night previews at about 3,000 theaters, and US$15.4 million overall on its first day, which was below the US$21.5 million Friday of "Prometheus" five years prior. It went on to open to US$36.2 million, down 34% from "Prometheus"s debut, but still finishing first at the box office, as the third-highest debut of the series. In its second weekend, the film grossed US$10.5 million, finishing fourth at the box office and dropping 70.9%. The film was pulled from 1,112 theaters in its third weekend and dropped another 62.3%, finishing sixth at the box office with US$4 million.

The film has a 66% approval based on 387 reviews compiled by review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 6.3/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Alien: Covenant" delivers another satisfying round of close-quarters deep-space terror, even if it doesn't take the saga in any new directions." On Metacritic the film has a score of 65 out of 100, based on reviews from 52 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale, the same score earned by its predecessor.

Writing for "The Guardian", Peter Bradshaw gave the film a positive review, praising the performances of its actors, and comparing it to other entries in the series, stating that "Alien: Covenant" is "a greatest-hits compilation of the other "Alien" films' freaky moments. The paradox is that though you are intended to recognise these touches, you won't really be impressed unless you happen to be seeing them for the first time. For all this, the film is very capably made, with forceful, potent performances from Waterston and Fassbender."

Geoffrey McNab writing for "The Independent" found the film to be adequate in presentation and production, though not as strong in its writing, stating that the film "certainly delivers what you'd expect from an "Aliens" film—spectacle, body horror, strong Ripley-like female protagonists and some astonishing special effects—but there's also a dispiriting sense that the film isn't at all sure of its own identity. The very portentous screenplay, co-written by John Logan ("Coriolanus", "Skyfall"), throws in references to Shelley and Byron, Wagner and Michelangelo, and lots of philosophising about human origins and identity. In the meantime, the crew members pitted against the monstrous creatures are trying their darndest to blast them to kingdom come, just as they would in any run-of-the-mill sci-fi B movie."

A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" said: ""Alien: Covenant" is an interesting movie ... for all its interplanetary ranging, [it] commits itself above all to the canny management of expectations." Trace Thurman, from Bloody Disgusting, gave the film a mediocre review, noting that although watching "Alien: Covenant" will make viewers appreciate "Prometheus" more, "this is a film that was made as a response to "Prometheus" critics but tries to appease fans of that film as well and it doesn't fully work." He also criticizes the overfamiliarity of the climax and insufficiently developed characters.

Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com highly praised "Alien: Covenant", giving it four out of four stars, and stating that the film's structure, although repeatedly borrowing from the "Alien" films, serves a purpose not unlike the James Bond film series or "Star Wars", "where part of the fun lies in seeing what variations the artists can bring while satisfying a rigid structure." He also emphasized that like previous films of the series, real-world logic should not be applied to the film, and "[i]nstead you have to judge it by the standards of a fever dream or nightmare, a Freudian-Jungian narrative where the thing you fear most is what happens to you." Seitz later voted for the film in the film magazine "Sight & Sound" as one of the five best films of 2017.

Daniel Deangelo of StudyBreaks.com referred to "Alien: Covenant" as "mediocre" and remarked that some earlier, much lower budget genre movies such as "Pandorum" and "Splice" do a better job at delivering on some of the movie's underlying plot elements and themes while at the same time capturing a threatening setting with unexpected plot turns.

In "New York" magazine, David Edelstein commented on David the android as representing a new generation of monster villains in the tradition of Frankenstein, stating: "In "Star Trek", that man-machine nexus was...hopeful. Here, there's some doubt about David's ultimate motives, which puts "Alien: Covenant" squarely in the tradition of the "Terminator" and "Matrix" movies. And, of course, the novel "Frankenstein", which carried the subtitle "The Modern Prometheus". No less than Stephen Hawking—who survived with the aid of machines—has predicted that we have 100 years to live before evolved machines take human imperfection as justification for destroying humanity".

Kevin Lincoln, writing for "Vulture" magazine in an article titled "What Other Blockbuster Villains Can Learn From David in Alien: Covenant", gave a strong endorsement of the depiction of David as an arch-villain in the film stating: "...one franchise is showing it's still possible for a modern blockbuster to have a great villain. In "Alien: Covenant", David—the android played by Michael Fassbender, first introduced in "Prometheus"—comes into his own as a fleshed-out, dynamic, and genuinely striking antagonist, one who isn't just an equal match for the heroes, but even becomes the central thread of the series. He's a huge part of what makes "Alien: Covenant" work."

Writing for "Vox", Allisa Wilkinson said that ""Alien: Covenant" is too muddled to pull off its deeply ambitious Satan allegories". She emphasized the Miltonic demonic aspect of the android David, stating: "But David is a better Satan than Satan himself... It's as if in the "Alien" universe, the devil has evolved, thanks to humans creating him. David, fatally, has the ability to create—something Satan never had—and he will use that power only to destroy. He doesn't have any real need to rebel against his maker, since from the moment he became sentient, he knew he'd already won. He is indestructible, and determined to make creatures that imitate his drive for total domination."

At the 44th Saturn Awards, the film was nominated for Best Science Fiction Film, but lost to "Blade Runner 2049", another film by Scott Free Productions. Ridley Scott was executive producer of this film.

In September 2015, Ridley Scott said he was planning two sequels to "Prometheus", which would lead into the first "Alien" film, adding, "Maybe [there will] even [be] a fourth film before we get back into the "Alien" franchise" (which means there would be not two but three sequels to "Prometheus"). In November 2015, Scott confirmed that "Alien: Covenant" would be the first of three additional films in the "Alien" prequel series, before linking up with the original "Alien" and stated that the "Prometheus" sequels would reveal who created the xenomorph aliens. The screenplay for the third prequel film was written during production of "Alien: Covenant" and finished in 2017, with production scheduled to begin in 2018. In March 2017, Scott said, "If you really want a franchise, I can keep cranking it for another six. I'm not going to close it down again. No way." In May, Scott announced that Neill Blomkamp's sequel to James Cameron's film "Aliens" had been cancelled. In a later interview, he said he would have participated as a producer but that 20th Century Fox had decided not to pursue the project.

In an interview, Ridley Scott confirmed the next film sequel will include surviving engineers who were away from their planet while David destroyed its indigenous population. Michael Reyes, writing for Cinema Blend in July 2017, quoted Scott stating that if Sigourney Weaver could reprise her role as Ellen Ripley in the prequels, then "Well, we're heading toward the back end of the first "Alien" so [using CGI] may be feasible. Ripley's going to be somebody's daughter, obviously. We're coming in from the back end. The time constraints of what's the time between this film, where we leave David going off heading for that colony, I think you're probably two films out from even considering her." In the audio commentary for "Alien: Covenant", Scott confirmed that a sequel to "Alien: Covenant", tentatively referred to as ""Alien: Covenant" 2", is being written by John Logan, with Fassbender, Waterston, and McBride reprising their roles. Scott also confirmed that the film will complete his prequel series, leading directly into the events of "Alien".

By September 2017, chief executive officer of 20th Century Fox Stacey Snider, stated that although "Alien: Covenant" was a financial disappointment, the studio intends to proceed with Ridley's sequel. In late September 2017, screen-graphics designer Carl Braga announced that the project had been delayed. In October 2017, Ridley Scott stated that ""Alien: Covenant" 2" will focus more on the androids and A.I.s as opposed to the xenomorphs. Scott said, "I think the evolution of the Alien himself is nearly over, but what I was trying to do was transcend and move to another story, which would be taken over by A.I.s. The world that the A.I. might create as a leader if he finds himself on a new planet. We have actually quite a big layout for the next one." In November 2018, it was announced that the film would take place on LV-426, with the extraterrestrial Engineers being featured in the film and being in pursuit of David, following his nefarious actions against Planet 4.

At the 2019 CinemaCon, it was stated that after its acquisition of 21st Century Fox, Disney "will continue to create new stories" in the "Alien" series. In May 2019, "Variety" reported that another prequel is reportedly "in the script phase", with Ridley Scott attached to direct.


Footnotes
Citations


</doc>
<doc id="43221463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43221463" title="Sicario (2015 film)">
Sicario (2015 film)

Sicario (, Spanish, but also Italian, for "Hitman") is a 2015 American action thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve, written by Taylor Sheridan and starring Emily Blunt, Benicio del Toro, Josh Brolin, and Victor Garber. The film follows a principled FBI agent who is enlisted by a government task force to bring down the leader of a powerful and brutal Mexican drug cartel. "Sicario" was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival. It began a limited release in the United States on September 18, 2015, followed by a nationwide release on October 2, 2015.

"Sicario" received praise for its screenplay, direction, musical score, cinematography, and Blunt's and del Toro's performances. The film was nominated for Best Cinematography, Best Original Score, and Best Sound Editing at the 88th Academy Awards. It also earned BAFTA nominations for Best Supporting Actor, Best Cinematography, and Best Film Music. Its sequel, "", was released on June 29, 2018.

In Chandler, Arizona, FBI agents Kate Macer and Reggie Wayne lead a raid on a suspected Sonora Cartel safe house, where they discover dozens of decaying corpses and a booby trap which kills two police officers. Following the raid, Kate's boss recommends her for a Department of Justice and Department of Defense joint task force, overseen by Matt Graver and the secretive Alejandro Gillick, to apprehend Sonora Cartel lieutenant Manuel Díaz. Assured that the task force will bring those responsible for the safe house incident to justice, Kate joins the operation. 

The team, which includes SFOD-D and CIA operators, travels to Ciudad Juárez, Mexico, in order to extradite Díaz's brother and henchman Guillermo Díaz. Returning to the U.S., the team engage in a shootout with cartel gunmen at the border, killing the gunmen while endangering nearby civilans. Alejandro tortures Guillermo on American soil and learns that the cartel uses a tunnel near Nogales, Sonora to smuggle drugs into the U.S. Reggie and Kate begin to question the task force's illegal methods, forcing Matt to reveal that their objective is not to apprehend Díaz, but to disrupt his drug operations enough to have Diaz be summoned back to Mexico by his boss: the elusive Sonora Cartel drug lord Fausto Alarcón. By following Díaz, they plan to bring Alarcón to justice.

Later, the team raids a bank used by Díaz's money launderers and freezes his accounts. Kate and Reggie want to use their findings from the raid to mount a legal case against Díaz, but are ordered to stand down so as not to jeopardize the operation. While commiserating at a bar, Reggie introduces Kate to Ted, a friend and local police officer. Kate invites Ted to her apartment, only to realize he is working with the cartel. Ted tries to strangle Kate, but Alejandro suddenly appears and subdues him. Alejandro and Matt used Kate as bait, knowing the cartel would target her after she foolishly allowed herself to be seen at the bank raid. Alejandro and Matt coerce Ted into revealing the names of other officers working for Díaz.

The team soon learn that Díaz is being recalled to Mexico, and prepare to raid the tunnel. Matt further reveals that Kate and Reggie's involvement is simply a technical necessity, as working with U.S. law officers grants the CIA legal auspice to work on American soil. Reggie advises Kate that they leave, but she insists on joining the raid to learn more about the operation's true nature. At the Mexican end of the tunnel, Kate witnesses Alejandro kidnapping one of Díaz's drug mules: a corrupt Mexican police officer named Silvio. Kate attempts to arrest Alejandro, but he shoots her in her bulletproof vest to incapacitate her, and then drives off with Silvio. 

Kate angrily confronts Matt, who finally explains that the operation is part of an ultimate plan to eliminate all cartel competition, which will result in only a single cartel that the U.S. can easily control. Alejandro, a lawyer who worked for the Medellín Cartel, was hired to assassinate Alarcón as part of this end goal. Alejandro's motives are also personal, as Alarcón had ordered the murder of Alejandro's wife and daughter. In Mexico, Alejandro forces Silvio to drive him to Díaz, kills Silvio, and then forces Díaz to continue driving towards Alarcón. Reaching Alarcón's estate, Alejandro (with the help of the task force's remote surveillance) kills Díaz, the guards, and Alarcón himself, along with his wife and two sons.

The next day, Alejandro appears in Kate's apartment and forces her at gunpoint to sign a statement confirming that the entire operation was legal. As he leaves, she aims her pistol at him, but cannot bring herself to pull the trigger. Back in Nogales, Silvio's widow watches her son's soccer game, which is briefly interrupted by the sound of distant gunfire.

In December 2013, it was announced that Denis Villeneuve would direct a Mexican border drama, "Sicario" (, the Spanish word for "hitman", from the "Sicarii"), from a screenplay by Taylor Sheridan. It is the first installment in Sheridan's neo-western trilogy exploring crime on "the modern-day American frontier". Black Label Media financed and co-produced with Thunder Road Pictures. Basil Iwanyk produced the film along with Molly Smith, Trent Luckinbill, and Thad Luckinbill.

Emily Blunt became involved with the film in April 2014, shortly followed by Benicio del Toro. Jon Bernthal and Josh Brolin joined the film in May, and cinematographer Roger Deakins was also hired. Daniel Kaluuya, Maximiliano Hernández, and Jeffrey Donovan were then cast, and Jóhann Jóhannsson was hired to compose the film's musical score in August 2014.

Principal photography began on June 30, 2014, in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

Jóhann Jóhannsson was selected to write and compose the score for the film, making "Sicario" his second collaboration with director Denis Villeneuve. Jóhannsson's work scoring the film was highly praised: "Sicario" was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score, the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music, the Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Score and the Saturn Award for Best Music.

In May 2014, Lionsgate acquired the U.S. rights to the film, while Lionsgate International handled the foreign sales. On February 23, 2015, Lionsgate set the film for a limited release in the United States on September 18, 2015, and a wide release on October 2, 2015. The film had its world premiere at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival on May 19, 2015. It was then selected to be shown in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2015.

"Sicario" was released on Blu-ray and DVD on January 5, 2016, and on 4K UHD Blu-ray on March 1, 2016.

"Sicario" was a commercial success, grossing $46.9 million in the United States and Canada and $38 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $84.9 million, against a production budget of $30 million.

Released alongside "The Martian" and "The Walk", "Sicario" was projected to make $8–10 million in its wide release opening weekend. On its first day, the film grossed $4.3 million. In its opening weekend, it grossed $12.1 million, exceeding expectations, and finished behind "The Martian" and "Hotel Transylvania 2". In the second weekend the film made $7.6 million, dropping 38% and finishing fifth.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 92%, based on 259 reviews, with an average rating of 8.05/10. The site's critical consensus reads: "Led by outstanding work from Emily Blunt and Benicio del Toro, "Sicario" is a taut, tightly wound thriller with much more on its mind than attention-getting set pieces." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 82 out of 100, based on 48 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.

Richard Roeper gave the film an A, calling it one of the year's best, and applauded del Toro's performance, saying: Dan Jolin from "Empire" magazine gave the film 5 stars, calling it "a beautifully murky, hard-edged thriller. Quite simply, one of the best films of the year."

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" praised the acting of Emily Blunt, Benicio del Toro, and Josh Brolin. He stated that although her character Kate Macer was implausible, Emily Blunt "brazens out any possible absurdity with great acting focus and front". Chris Ryan of "Grantland" compared "Sicario" with the 1979 film "Apocalypse Now" directed by Francis Ford Coppola, noting an analogy between the former's themes with respect to the Mexican Drug War and the latter's with respect to the Vietnam War. He also stated that the characters Alejandro Gillick and Matt Graver in "Sicario" resemble those of Colonel Walter E. Kurtz and Lieutenant Colonel William Kilgore, respectively, from "Apocalypse Now".

Mark Kermode said, "What makes this work is that Emily Blunt is terrific, and Benicio del Toro has this eye-catching appearance as a riddle and an enigma... and that the film is very, very well directed."

Before the film's release, the mayor of Ciudad Juárez, Enrique Serrano Escobar, urged citizens to boycott it, believing the film presented a false and negative image of the city. He said the violence depicted in the film was accurate until about 2010, and that the city had since made progress in restoring peace.

Among other accolades, the film received three Academy Award nominations, for Best Cinematography, Best Original Score, and Best Sound Editing.

Director Denis Villeneuve said the film was conceived at the height of the violence in Juárez in 2010. According to Sebastian Rotella, an American foreign correspondent and investigative journalist, "Sicario" examines many aspects of the U.S. War on Drugs against, most generally, drug cartels in Mexico, Central, and South America. He noted that the illegal drug trafficking situation in Mexico has remained largely stagnant in the two decades prior to the film's release and that the film asserts that the American War on Drugs is "turning us into the very monsters we are trying to defeat." Rotella asserted that progress has been made in Mexico, and expressed qualms over the depiction of the film's extralegal "black ops campaign", relative to his experience that most U.S. operations resulted in the legal arrest and prosecution of drug lords.

Lionsgate commissioned a sequel centering on del Toro's character, subtitled "Soldado". The project was overseen by writer Taylor Sheridan. In April 2016, producers Molly Smith and Trent Luckinbill said del Toro and Brolin would return. In June 2016, Italian filmmaker Stefano Sollima was hired to direct, with Villeneuve no longer available due to scheduling conflicts. Principal photography began on November 8, 2016 in New Mexico. "Sicario: Day of the Soldado" was released in the United States on June 29, 2018 to generally positive reviews.



</doc>
<doc id="43222494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43222494" title="London Has Fallen">
London Has Fallen

London Has Fallen is a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Babak Najafi and written by Creighton Rothenberger, Katrin Benedikt, Chad St. John and Christian Gudegast. It is a sequel to Antoine Fuqua's 2013 film "Olympus Has Fallen" and stars Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman, with Alon Aboutboul, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Jackie Earle Haley, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell, Sean O'Bryan, Waleed Zuaiter and Charlotte Riley in supporting roles. It is the second installment in the "Fallen" film series. The film follows a plot to assassinate the world leaders who are attending the funeral of the British Prime Minister in London and Secret Service agent Mike Banning's efforts to protect US President Benjamin Asher from being killed by the terrorists.

Filming began in London on October 24, 2014. A Christmas break started in November with filming resuming in February 2015. The film was released by Focus Features under their recently revived Gramercy Pictures label on March 4, 2016, and grossed $205 million worldwide. However, the critical reception was generally negative, with "Variety" accusing it of fear-mongering and "terrorsploitation" while "The A.V. Club" named it worst film of the year.

A third film, titled "Angel Has Fallen", was released on August 23, 2019.

G8 intelligence services track down Pakistani arms dealer and terrorist mastermind Aamir Barkawi (Alon Moni Aboutboul) and authorize an US Air Force drone strike on his compound during his daughter's wedding based on intelligence provided by an covert MI6 informant of Indian ancestry, seemingly killing Barkawi and his family.

Two years later, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom James Wilson dies suddenly, and world leaders prepare to attend his funeral in London. Director of the United States Secret Service Lynne Jacobs (Angela Bassett) assigns agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) to lead U.S. President Benjamin Asher’s (Aaron Eckhart) overseas security detail, even though Banning's wife Leah (Radha Mitchell) is due to give birth in a few weeks. The entourage arrives via Air Force One at Stansted Airport, and Banning arranges an earlier arrival at Somerset House in London via Marine One.

As Asher's Presidential State Car arrives at St Paul's Cathedral, coordinated attacks by mercenaries disguised as Metropolitan Police, the Queen's Guardsmen, and other first responders kill five Western leaders, damaging major landmarks and generating mass panic. Asher's early arrival throws off the St. Paul's attack, and Banning returns Asher and Jacobs to Marine One.

The terrorists destroy the helicopter’s escorts with Stinger missiles, forcing the damaged helicopter to crash-land in Hyde Park. Fatally injured, Jacobs makes Banning promise to stay alive for his unborn child, and to punish those responsible for the attack. Banning escorts Asher into the London Underground as the city's power is lost and residents shelter indoors.

In Washington, D.C., U.S. Vice President Allan Trumbull (Morgan Freeman) investigates the incident with British authorities while trying to track down the President. Trumbull receives a call from Barkawi, still alive and operating out of Yemen. Barkawi takes responsibility for the attacks coordinated by his son Kamran (Waleed Zuaiter), seeking revenge for the drone strike that killed his family, especially his daughter who was to be married that day.

Having poisoned Wilson to lure Western leaders to London, Barkawi knows Asher is still alive, and promises that if Kamran captures him, he will broadcast Asher’s execution online. Trumbull orders his staff to locate Barkawi's known operatives and find any connection to the attack, while British authorities stand down all first responders so any left in the open can be identified as terrorists.

After leaving a sign to be picked up by satellite, Banning leads Asher to an MI6 safe-house, where Jacquelin "Jax" Marshall (Charlotte Riley) briefs them. Marshall receives a voice message from Trumbull that they saw Banning's sign and an extraction team is en route. Security monitors display an approaching Delta Force team, but Banning suspects they have arrived too soon and are probably mercenaries hired by Barkawi and Kamran.

Banning’s suspicions are confirmed as he fights off the mercenaries and drives away with Asher, but their car is struck by the terrorists before they can reach the US Embassy, and Asher is taken. Banning is rescued by the combined Delta Force and SAS extraction team, who suspect there is a mole in the British government.

Trumbull's staff identify a building owned by Barkawi, drawing massive power despite being unoccupied, and suspect it is Kamran's headquarters. Banning joins the extraction team to infiltrate the building, arriving seconds before Kamran can decapitate Asher. Kamran escapes when his hacker Sultan drops a grenade with his dying breath, forcing Banning to protect Asher from the blast.

Banning and Asher escape just before the building is destroyed by the Delta Force/SAS squad, killing Kamran and the remaining terrorists. Marshall and British authorities restore London's security system and, discovering that MI5 Intelligence Chief John Lancaster (Patrick Kennedy) aided Barkawi's attack, she kills him when he goes for his own gun. Trumbull tells Barkawi that his plan failed, moments before the building is destroyed by another drone strike, killing Barkawi and his guards.

Two weeks later, Banning is home spending time with Leah and their newborn child Lynne, named after Jacobs. As Banning contemplates sending a letter of resignation, he watches Trumbull speak on television regarding the recent events, with a message that the U.S. will prevail. Inspired, Banning deletes the letter.

Butler, Eckhart, Freeman, Bassett, Leo, Forster and Mitchell reprised their roles from "Olympus Has Fallen". Production had been scheduled to begin in May 2015 in London, with Creighton Rothenberger and Katrin Benedikt returning to write the script. Director Antoine Fuqua, however, did not return, due to his commitments with "The Equalizer". On May 1, 2014, it was announced Focus Features had acquired distribution rights to the sequel, and would release the film on October 2, 2015. On August 18, 2014, it was announced that "Charlie Countryman" director Fredrik Bond would take over direction from Fuqua, but Bond left the film on September 18, six weeks before the shooting was to begin. On September 28, director Babak Najafi signed on to direct the film. On October 10, Jackie Earle Haley joined the film to play Deputy Chief Mason. On November 12, Mehdi Dehbi joined the film to play Sultan Mansoor, the youngest of three brothers whose life has been forever changed after a drone strike.

Principal photography began on October 24, 2014, in London. Four weeks of shooting were to take place, involving actors Freeman, Eckhart, Bassett and Melissa Leo, before a break for Christmas. Gerard Butler—who had been filming "Geostorm" in October—joined the shoot later, filming scenes with Eckhart in March 2015. A helicopter was seen making a landing in the courtyard of Somerset House. Butler and Angela Bassett were seen filming in Somerset House. Butler stated in an interview that the movie was also filmed in India and was to continue in Bulgaria. Then President of Bulgaria, Rosen Plevneliev, visited the set of "London Has Fallen" during filming at Boyana Cinema Center in Bulgaria. Filming lasted through April 2015.

The music was composed and conducted by Trevor Morris, who provided the score for the first film. The record was released on March 4, 2016, by Back Lot Music. The score was recorded at Abbey Road Studios with The Chamber Orchestra of London. 

All music composed by Trevor Morris.

On May 20, 2015, Focus Features relaunched their Gramercy Pictures label for action, horror, and science fiction releases, with "London Has Fallen" being one of Gramercy's first titles. The film was planned for an October 2, 2015, release, however, on June 12, 2015, it was announced that the film had been moved back to January 22, 2016, to avoid competition with "The Martian", which swapped its original November 25 release date with "Victor Frankenstein". On July 1, 2015, the film's teaser trailer was released. The timing of the release was criticized as "insensitive" by the Chair of the Tavistock Square Memorial Trust, Philip Nelson, as it coincided with the week of the 10th anniversary of the 7 July 2005 London bombings, in which 52 people were killed, and with the 2015 Sousse attacks, in which 30 British nationals were killed. On September 16, 2015, the film's release was moved back again to March 4, 2016, because the studios needed more time to finish the film's visual effects. The U.S. trailer was released on November 5, 2015. A new theatrical poster of the film was released on January 21, 2016.

"London Has Fallen" was released on Blu-ray and DVD on June 14, 2016.

"London Has Fallen" grossed $62.7 million in North America and $143.2 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $205.9 million, against a budget of $60 million. The film outgrossed its predecessor's total of $170 million.

In the United States and Canada, pre-release tracking suggested the film would gross $20–23 million from 3,490 theaters in its opening weekend, trailing fellow newcomer "Zootopia" ($60–70 million projection) but besting "Whiskey Tango Foxtrot" ($10–12 million projection). The film made $850,000 from its Thursday night previews and $7.6 million on its first day. It went on to gross $21.6 million in its opening weekend, finishing second at the box office behind "Zootopia" ($75 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 26% based on 191 reviews, with an average rating of 3.96/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""London Has Fallen" traps a talented cast – and all who dare to see it – in a mid-1990s basic-cable nightmare of a film loaded with xenophobia, and threadbare action-thriller clichés." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 28 out of 100, based on reviews from 35 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale, the same score as the first film.

Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of "The A.V. Club" wrote: "A murky, brain-dead stab-a-thon packed with so many inane chases, laughable special effects, and mismatched stock footage shots that it begs to be made into a drinking game, "London Has Fallen" is one of those rare films that is good at absolutely nothing." "The A.V. Club" later picked it as their worst film of the year.

"Variety" described "London Has Fallen" as "effortlessly racist" invoking "familiar Islamophobia", a "terrorsploitation" fantasy designed to spread fear after the November 2015 Paris attacks, and "ugly, reactionary fear-mongering."
Meanwhile, "The Hollywood Reporter" styled it as "major world capitals destruction porn sub-genre" that feeds a "paranoia".

The film has been called "extremely insensitive" by families of the victims of the 7/7 bombings after an early trailer was released ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attacks.

On October 26, 2016, it was announced that a sequel titled "Angel Has Fallen" is in development, with Gerard Butler reprising his role, as well as once again acting as a producer on the film.

On July 25, 2017, Ric Roman Waugh was announced as director for "Angel Has Fallen". On January 10, 2018, Holt McCallany joined the cast as Wade Jennings, an ex-military turned head of a technology company. On January 18, 2018, Jada Pinkett Smith and Tim Blake Nelson were confirmed to appear in "Angel Has Fallen". On February 13, 2018, Piper Perabo joined the cast. Filming started on February 7, 2018 in Virginia Water Lake.

The film was released on August 23, 2019.



</doc>
<doc id="43222730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43222730" title="Their Mad Moment">
Their Mad Moment

Their Mad Moment is a 1931 American pre-Code film directed by Chandler Sprague and starring Dorothy Mackaill. It is based on the 1927 book by Eleanor Mercein Kelly, "Basquerie".



</doc>
<doc id="43224950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43224950" title="Not Cool (film)">
Not Cool (film)

Not Cool is a 2014 American romantic comedy film directed, produced, and edited by Shane Dawson. The film centers around a group of high school friends reuniting over their Thanksgiving break during college. It is one of two films that were produced for the Starz reality competition show "The Chair", where the competitors use the same screenplay to create their own film. The film stars Cherami Leigh, Shane Dawson, Drew Monson, Michelle Veintimilla, Lisa Schwartz, and Bill Laing. The film grossed $36,026 in the US against an $800,000 budget. 

In a small Pennsylvania town, a group of high school friends reunite during a Thanksgiving break from their college classes. Former prom king Scott (Shane Dawson) is dumped by his hyperactive, erratic girlfriend Heather (Jorie Kosel) and finds a new love interest in Tori (Cherami Leigh). Meanwhile, Scott's younger sister Janié (Michelle Veintimilla) is approached by Joel (Drew Monson), who tries to woo her using the knowledge that he has gained from her social media posts.


"Not Cool", along with Anna Martemucci's "Hollidaysburg", is one of two films sponsored by the Starz reality competition show "The Chair". The films vied for a $250,000 prize based on multi-platform voting system. The film cost $800,000 and took 20 days to shoot.

The film was released through Starz Digital Media theatrically on September 19, 2014.

The film was released digitally on September 23, 2014.

Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a 14% rating, based on seven reviews with an average rating of 2.1/10. On another review site; Metacritic, which assigns a rating out of 100 for reviews from mainstream critics, the film received an average score of 1, based on 4 reviews, indicating "overwhelming dislike", becoming one of ten films to currently hold this rating; the other nine being "10 Rules for Sleeping Around", "Chaos", "inAPPropriate Comedy", "Bio-Dome", "The Singing Forest", "The Garbage Pail Kids Movie", "Death of a Nation", "Hardbodies", and "United Passions".

Frank Schreck of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a negative review, stating, "Filled with ethnic stereotypes, scatological humor, profane language and characters who are not so much caricatures as cartoons, "Not Cool" well lives up to its title." Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" opined that the "characters are vile; the acting is terrible (Mr. Dawson, who has had some YouTube success, cast himself in a leading role); the tone is a confusing mishmash; and there’s not an original thought or joke in the thing." The "Los Angeles Times" also gave it a negative review, calling the film "an abyss, an insult to the craft of filmmaking, storytelling and entertainment in almost every way."

On the final episode of "The Chair", broadcast on November 8, 2014, it was revealed that Dawson's film won the prize. The results were tabulated with SurveyMonkey, where "Not Cool" averaged a 63 out of 100 in comparison to Martemucci's film which averaged a 58. In total, 39% of the votes cast were disqualified for lack of evidence that the voter viewed both films. Chris Moore, executive producer of "The Chair", noted that Dawson's film was mainstream. "The Chair" producer Zachary Quinto called Dawson's film "ultimately a vapid waste of time," but was "glad Shane won — he set out to do what he wanted to do."



</doc>
<doc id="43225191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43225191" title="Junction (film)">
Junction (film)

Junction is a 2012 American thriller film written and directed by Tony Glazer. The film stars Neal Bledsoe, Summer Crockett Moore, Tom Pelphrey and Harris Doran with David Zayas, Michael O'Keefe and Anthony Ruivivar in supporting roles.

Desperate to score drugs, four strung out meth-addicts - Donald (Bledsoe), Kari (Moore), David (Pelphrey) and Spot (Doran) – break into an upscale suburban home looking for a flat screen television that was requested by their dealer (Ruivivar). During the burglary, Spot and Donald discover a dark secret about the homeowners, which pits the four meth-addicts against each other and the police (Zayas and O’Keefe).

The film was released in the United States on July 14, 2012.

Four strung out meth-addicts - Donald (Bledsoe), Kari (Moore), David (Pelphrey) and Spot (Doran) – are desperately craving for their next fix of meth. Short on cash, the group discusses a variety of options including sending Kari to exploit their dealer's fondness for her. After some debate, the group decides to sends David, their leader and designated driver, to meet with their longtime dealer Tai (Ruivivar). Fortunately, Tai needs a television as a birthday gift for his mother. Desperate, David agrees to take up Tai on his offer of drugs in exchange for a new flat screen television for his mom.

Searching for a flat screen television to rob, the group drives to the upscale neighborhood of Verterra Hill where they expect to readily find one in the well furnished townhouses. The group spots and breaks into a seemingly empty house. Quickly, the group finds the sought flat screen television and puts it in their car's back seat. While ransacking for more valuables, Donald discovers a stash of child pornography DVDs as well as photos of a couple and their young daughter, whom are presumed to be the house residents. 
Donald, a victim of pedophilia, goes mad upon the discovery and has a fight with Spot over it. Donald tries to persuade the group to turn over the stash to the authorities. When the home owner - Connor (Anthony Rapp) – unexpectedly returns, Donald viciously attacks him and ties him up. Entering soon after, Connor's wife – Jennifer (Maguire) and daughter Mia (Kotch) are also bound and gagged. When the group is distracted by Donald torturing Connor, Mia sneaks away to make a 911 call.

What started as a simple house burglary turns into a hostage situation with the arrival of the police, who are led by hostage negotiator Lt. Tarelli (Zayas) and his colleague - Walters (O’Keefe). Meanwhile, Tai calls Donald seeking an update on his flat screen TV errand. Upon learning about the hostage situation, Tai tells Donald to not call him until he has escaped from the authorities. After hanging up, Tai disposes of his burner cell phone in a nearby lake. Internal tensions within both groups fuel to the chaotic situation: Lt. Tarelli's past role in a failed hostage rescue and Donald's insistence that the parents be exposed as pedophiles. During the hostage negotiations, Donald demands that a television crew be sent to the house to interview him. Donald plans to expose the parents as pedophiles. Taking advantage of this, Lt. Tarelli instead sends police officers posing as a television film crew to mount a hostage rescue.

During the ensuing hostage rescue chaos, Kari is killed (knife to throat) and Connor is shot by the SWAT team. Meanwhile, David and Spot are captured and arrested. After hostage rescue, Jennifer and Mia are debriefed and sent home. At the command center/precinct house, Walters commends Lt. Tarelli on the successful hostage rescue. Upon returning home, Jennifer listens to her phone's answering machine messages including one left by her late husband Connor. In the message, Connor is angry at discovering the stash of child pornography. He threatens to turn over the evidence to the police and reveal that Jennifer is pedophile. After the message ends, Jennifer deletes the recording and resumes cleaning the house. As the movie ends, and before the credits roll, Tai is shown breaking into a police impound lot to recover “his” flat screen TV that was left in the four meth addicts’ car.

Principal photography took place in November and December 2010 in Fort Lee, New Jersey.

The film was acclaimed by critics.

Jeannette Catsoulis, in "The New York Times", praised the movie as "a cleverly constructed hostage thriller cum morality play". Frank Scheck, "The Hollywood Reporter", called Junction "A quietly effective thriller with a few clever narrative tricks up its sleeve." Scheck complimented Director Tony Glazer by stating Junction "overcomes its low-budget limitations with clever variations on its familiar genre as well as a taut execution". Catsoulis applauded Tony Glazer's directing "Executing a tonal shift that might challenge a more seasoned director, Mr. Glazer provides carefully choreographed action and violence that’s both credible and divorced from sadism".

Critics universally highlighted the cast's solid performances. Catsoulis said the cast delivered "solid acting (there isn’t a weak performance in the bunch)". Echoing this, Scheck commented that "strong performances from a cast that includes such familiar faces" played major role in Junction.

"Junction" was released on July 14, 2012





</doc>
<doc id="43225453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43225453" title="Gun Hill (film)">
Gun Hill (film)

Gun Hill is a 2014 American television action film directed by Reggie Rock Bythewood and starring Larenz Tate. Produced in 2011, the film was delayed for almost three years until BET announced June 6, 2014, that "Gun Hill" will premiere on its network on July 2, 2014. The film was produced as a pilot for a possible new drama series on BET.

A pair of twins take different paths: one is an undercover agent and the other a con man. Trane is an agent with a secret task force. Bird is a recently freed convict who plays by a different set of rules. However, when Trane is murdered, Bird assumes his brother’s identity, seeking his brother’s murderer and a second chance at life while grappling with morality, fatherhood and love.




</doc>
<doc id="43228538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43228538" title="She's Dating the Gangster">
She's Dating the Gangster

She's Dating the Gangster is a 2014 Philippine coming-of-age romantic comedy drama film based on the Pop Fiction book of the same name originally published on CandyMag.com's "Teen Talk" section and it was popularized on Wattpad by Bianca Bernardino (pen name: SGwannaB). The film is directed by Cathy Garcia-Molina, topbilled by Brianna and Solomon, together with an ensemble cast. It was distributed by Star Cinema with co-production of Summit Media and was released on July 16, 2014 in theatres nationwide as part of its 20th anniversary presentation.

In 2014, Kenji Delos Reyes delivers a speech during the wedding of Kirby and Grace. However, Kenneth, Kenji’s son, makes out with a girl in a bathroom stall. The stall opens as the girl’s grandfather enters and chaos then ensues as he chases Kenneth to the reception hall. This causes a scene and a confrontation between Kenji and Kenneth. Kenji then asks Kenneth to be mature and asks him what the problem is, to which the latter says that he doesn’t want to be with him but has no choice. Kenji asks his son what caused him to feel this way, and he answers that he knows about the other Athena. Disappointed, Kenji says that Kenneth has no idea how much he loves him and his mother. The morning after a drinking spree, a hungover Kenneth finds out the plane that would take his father to Bicol has crashed. He rushes to the airport to see the list of survivors. There, he meets Kelay who also wants to see the list. Since the place is crowded, Kelay could not pass through. She then causes a scene so that they would let her see it. She fakes crying and begins shouting that she does not want her father dead. Members of the media approach her and ask what her father’s name is, to which she answers Kenji delos Reyes. Hearing this, Kenneth confronts her and says that he is the only offspring of Kenji. Kenneth then tells the media that he’s the legal son and he can show his birth certificate to prove this. Kelay, on the other hand, has Kenji’s picture. Confirming that the girl on the picture is not his mother, Kenneth is asked by the airline officer for his contact details while Kelay is shunned. Kenneth confronts her to ask who the girl on the picture is, and Kelay bargains that she would tell Kenneth once he agrees to tell her at once when the airline contacts him for information regarding Kenji. However, all the flights to Legazpi are booked. He has no choice but to take the bus but since it's Holy Week, all tickets have been sold. Kenneth sleeps at the bus station, hoping to get a ticket as a chance passenger, yet he oversleeps. Fortunately, Kelay went to the same bus station and bought tickets for the two of them.

On the way to Legazpi, Kelay, Athena’s niece, tells the tale of young Athena and Kenji which dates back to 1979, a "gangster" whom everyone was afraid of. He is broken hearted over Athena Abigail Tizon. Wanting to get back together with her, he mistakenly sends his messages of despair to Athena Dizon’s pager. Athena, not knowing who the messages are from, agrees to meet up with the sender. On a pool hall, Athena and her friend Sarah are keen on playing pool. Kenji arrives and demands that they transfer to another pool table. Athena fights back but Kenji wins and claims his spot. An angry Athena then watches Kenji being bullied by, yet refusing to fight back to, a rival group of gangsters. They tease him that "Bee" would not show up. Hearing this, Athena realizes that the messages were sent by Kenji. She watches with pity as Kenji gets mugged. He finds out about his messages for Abi and confronts Athena. To her surprise, he kisses her forcefully and tells her that from then on, she will be his girlfriend as she owes Kenji for causing him to get mugged. Athena has to pretend to be his girlfriend in order to get Abi jealous. At first, Athena refuses and Kenji bullies her. Athena eventually gives in when Kenji attempts to commit suicide by jumping from the school's rooftop if she does not accept. The next day at school, Athena is treated like a princess with Kenji providing her bodyguards. Jealous, some girls at the school start bullying her. Kenji confronts them and says that no one hurts his girlfriend. Their pretend relationship eventually becomes real and the two confess their love for each other. Kenji takes Athena Dizon to Legazpi to see the Mayon Volcano and promises that someday they will get married in that place with the volcano as their witness. When they come back to Manila, however, Kenji begins to absent himself from class. Athena then gets an invite from young Lucas to go see Kenji who is in the hospital. Worried, Athena hurries and finds Abi lying in the hospital bed. Abi has stage three gastric cancer and was the reason why she broke up with Kenji. Wanting Abi to be happy and live longer, Athena breaks up with him. Kenji and Abi get married and Abi gives birth to Kenneth.

Back then 20 years later while searching for Kenji in Legazpi, Kenneth receives a call from present day Lucas and he helps in looking for Kenji. On their way, Kelay receives a call from her family informing her of Athena’s health condition and that she is dying. Kelay and Kenneth part ways with Kenneth promising that Athena and Kenji would meet once he finds him. Kenneth finds the hospital where Kenji is confined and reads his letter to him. In the letter, Kenji tells him that he was on his way to Legazpi to say goodbye to his memories with Athena and apologizes for making Kenneth feel that way. When Kenji wakes up, the two hug and reconcile. When Kenji is well, Kenneth takes him to Athena’s house. Athena tells Kenji about her disease for the first time and tells him that his love kept her alive through those years. She says she is happy for Kenji and dies in his arms. Kelay wakes up to a phone call telling her that a flight has gone missing again and Kenneth was on that flight. When she goes to look for him she makes a scene again, telling the media her 'boyfriend' is missing. Kenneth witnesses Kelay and it's revealed that it was actually Kenji who called her. Kenneth asks Kelay if they can have a great love story like his dad and Kelay's aunt had and almost kiss as the screen cuts to black.
 
Several actors and actresses also made their cameo appearance in the film–including Karen Reyes as Bridesmaid, Matutina as Nana Buding, Hyubs Azarcon as Truck Driver, Pooh as News Reporter, Jojit Lorenzo and JM De Guzman as Airline Officers, Rayver Cruz, Patrick Sugui, Carl Ravanes, and Rasheed Rivero as the basketball players, Joross Gamboa and Ketchup Eusebio as the Coach, Janus del Prado as the Bus Ticket Vendor, Joem Bascon as hair stylist, Gerry Bricenio as Bus Conductor, and Olivia Cruz as the Doctor.

Due to the film's huge success, it was screened internationally in selected countries like United States, Canada, Australia, and United Arab Emirates. The film grossed $222,000 after 3 days of showing in North America and after 10 days, the cumulative total was $570,000. The total gross, from the 2-week US and 3-week Canada screenings as well as the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand and Singapore screenings, is yet to be determined.

"She's Dating the Gangster" received largely positive reviews both from critics and fans. According to Rotten Tomatoes, the film currently holds 70% audience rating.

Philbert Ortiz-Dy of Click the City gave a positive review in the film, stating that "She's Dating the Gangster" is at its best when it allows kids to be kids. Its portrayal of young, intensely romantic love is really charming, especially placed as it is in this wacky conception of its period setting. He also stated that "The narrative just can't support this pathos. The film begins to apply fantasy logic to really serious topics. [...] This kind of magical thinking just doesn’t mesh well with the real medical terms that the film just trots out."

According to Star Cinema's advertising manager Mico del Rosario, the film gathered (US$340,000) on its first day of showing. The film grossed in the Philippines per the Annual Report filed by ABS-CBN to the SEC. The worldwide box office of the film is at . With total gross $5,837,612 the movie hit No. 8 on the 2014 Philippinese Yearly Box Office.




</doc>
<doc id="43241114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43241114" title="Wild Canaries">
Wild Canaries

Wild Canaries is an American black comedy mystery film directed, produced and written by Lawrence Michael Levine and starring Levine, Sophia Takal, Alia Shawkat, Jason Ritter and Annie Parisse. The film had its world premiere premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival on March 8, 2014. The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on February 25, 2015 courtesy of Sundance Selects.

Barri (Sophia Takal) and Noah (Lawrence Michael Levine) are a couple who suspect the mysterious death of their neighbor Sylvia (Marylouise Burke). With their friend Jean (Alia Shawkat), they investigate the crime and discover secrets in the apartment. Anthony (Kevin Corrigan) becomes the prime suspect.

The film premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival on March 8, 2014. On December 23, 2014, it was announced that Sundance Selects had acquired distribution rights for the film with a planned 2015 release. The film was released in a limited release and on video on demand beginning on February 25, 2015. The film went on to premiere at the Sarasota Film Festival on April 10, 2014, and various other film festivals throughout 2014.

"Wild Canaries" received positive reviews from film critics. It holds an 85% approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 26 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 67 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Justin Chang of "Variety" gave the film a positive review writing: "Far too eventful, plot-driven and frankly fun to be classified as mumblecore, 'Canaries' can only build on Levine’s audience; it could catch on with savvy indie filmgoers, particularly those with an affection for the genre being saluted." Eric Kohn of "Indiewire.com" gave the film a positive review giving the film a B writing :"Levine's bubbly murder mystery, in which the ultimate solution to the whodunit scenario matters less than the wily energy its characters bring to uncovering every piece of the puzzle."

A theater in Sandpoint, Idaho refused to screen the film, due to the film not receiving an MPAA rating, the owner stated that the film "contained subject matter not in keeping with the standards of the Panida and I have chosen to cancel screenings for Friday and Saturday matinee. I apologize for any inconvenience." The owner also claimed IFC Films did not make them "aware" of the content, however, cast member Sophia Takal took to her official Facebook account stating: ""Wild Canaries" has no nudity, no sex scenes. It has two scenes where a guy is smoking marijuana. It has two lesbian main characters. It's hard not to jump to the conclusion that that's why they pulled it."


</doc>
<doc id="43241700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43241700" title="There's Always Woodstock">
There's Always Woodstock

There's Always Woodstock is an American comedy-drama film directed and written by Rita Merson and starring Allison Miller, Jason Ritter, Brittany Snow, Ryan Guzman, Katey Sagal, Rumer Willis and James Wolk. It was released on March 19, 2014.

Catherine Brown (Allison Miller) is a workaholic songwriter who lives locked in her apartment in New York City. When her life falls apart she is forced to confront her past when she spends the summer at her childhood home in Woodstock.




</doc>
<doc id="43245322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43245322" title="Bunnyman 2">
Bunnyman 2

Bunnyman Massacre is a sequel to the horror film "Bunnyman". Its UK title is The Bunnyman Resurrection. The plot revolves around a psychopath who dresses in a bunny suit and typically uses a chainsaw to murder people along with his family.

The third film in the series is titled "Bunnyman Vengeance" which was released on October 20, 2017 on video on demand and November 21, 2017 on Blu-ray and DVD.


</doc>
<doc id="43247790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43247790" title="Sh! The Octopus">
Sh! The Octopus

Sh! The Octopus is a 1937 comedy-mystery film produced by Warner Bros., directed by William McGann and starring Hugh Herbert, Allen Jenkins and Marcia Ralston. While contract players Herbert and Jenkins frequently appeared in the same picture, this is the only movie to present them as an actual team. The film's oddball qualities have made it something of a cult favorite.

Herbert and Jenkins play two bumbling detectives, who, in pursuit of a master criminal, The Octopus, find themselves inside a haunted lighthouse full of suspicious characters, including the titular character, who appears to be an actual octopus.


In 2010, the film was released as by Warner Archive as part of the six-film DVD-R collection "Warner Bros. Horror/Mystery Double Features". 

It also airs occasionally on Turner Classic Movies.



</doc>
<doc id="43254578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43254578" title="Phantasm (franchise)">
Phantasm (franchise)

Phantasm is an American horror film series that consists of five films, novels, comic books, and merchandise. It's about the Tall Man (Angus Scrimm), a supernatural and malevolent undertaker who turns the dead into dwarf zombies to do his bidding and take over the world. He is opposed by a young boy, Mike (A. Michael Baldwin), who tries to convince his older brother Jody (Bill Thornbury) and family friend Reggie (Reggie Bannister) of the threat. The first film was released in 1979, received generally positive reviews and has garnered a cult following.

The residents of a small town have begun dying under strange circumstances, leading young Mike to investigate. After discovering that the town's mortician, only known as the Tall Man, is killing and reanimating the dead as misshapen zombies, Mike seeks help from his older brother, Jody, and their friend Reggie, a local ice cream man. Working together, they try to lure out and destroy the Tall Man, all the while avoiding his minions and a deadly silver sphere.

In "Phantasm II," picking up exactly where the previous film leaves off, the Tall Man and his minions attempt to take Mike, but Reggie manages to save him by blowing up the house. Eight years later, Mike, now a mental patient, still has nightmares about the evil mortician, and is the only person to recall that dreadful night. Upon being released from the institution Mike, who's had a premonition about Reggie’s family, tries to warn his friend of the ensuing danger before an explosion murders the entire family. Convinced by Mike's futile warning, the two men set out to track the mysterious mortician down and rescue Liz Reynolds, a young woman, who has a psychic connection to both Mike and the Tall Man.

In "Lord of the Dead", once more picking up exactly where the previous film leaves off, the Tall Man has infiltrated the minds of Mike and Reggie. The two friends embark on a journey to find and kill him, only to discover that he has destroyed town after town, leaving zombies in place of the living. Along the way, Mike and Reggie meet several characters who share their goal, including a murderous boy named Tim, and two young women who are excellent fighters.

In "Oblivion", once again picking up exactly where the previous film leaves off, Mike flees from the Tall Man, who wants to enslave him as an undead servant. Along the way, he investigates the origins of his enemy. Elsewhere, Reggie searches for him in a variety of dimensions, all the while battling mysterious spheres, including the ones he's discovered in the breasts of his beautiful undead companion. The friends must stop the Tall Man before he destroys them all.

In the series finale, Reggie continues in his quest to stop the evil, dimension-hopping schemes of The Tall Man and his armada of killer Sentinel Spheres. This time, the fight becomes a multi-dimensional battle across an alien planet, multiple timelines, and altered realities, where the fate of Earth is on the line.

The story idea for the original film came to Don Coscarelli in a dream; one night, in his late teens, he dreamed of fleeing down endlessly long marble corridors, pursued by a chrome sphere intent on penetrating his skull with a wicked needle. There was also a quite futuristic "sphere dispenser" out of which the orbs would emerge and begin chasing him.

Originally writer-director Don Coscarelli considered the first film’s ending to be conclusive and did not feel knowledgeable about writing a sequel, but Coscarelli had what he described as a breakthrough when he realized that he could start the film immediately after the previous film’s final scene. He also added a road movie element in how Reggie and Mike combat the Tall Man, after which he described the process as straightforward. Coscarelli has later revealed that some elements of this movie were influenced by Stephen King, specially a few aspects of his novel "'Salem's Lot"'. For instance, the end of the novel, when the characters go out on the road chasing down vampires, gave him the "road movie" idea of Mike and Reggie chasing The Tall Man.

Universal Studios, who took an interest in the film because they wanted a horror series, allocated three million dollars; this was the lowest budget of any of their films in the 1980s, but it was the highest budget of any "Phantasm" film. Greg Nicotero and Robert Kurtzman, later of K.N.B. EFX, were recruited for special effects. The studio exerted much control over the film, and they did not allow Coscarelli to include any dream sequences or ambiguity. The executives also wanted to recast both A. Michael Baldwin and Reggie Bannister because they were unknown and had been out of the movie business since the release of the first movie. Don Coscarelli resisted their efforts and was forced to audition A. Michael Baldwin and Reggie Bannister for the opportunity to reprise their roles. In the end, his efforts won him a concession: he was allowed to keep one of the two, but had to replace the other; Coscarelli chose to keep Bannister and cast James Le Gros in Baldwin's place. After the mild box-office results of "Phantasm II (1988)", Universal Studios chose not to personally pursue a sequel but did offer to distribute it should Don Coscarelli and associates make it themselves.

With no casting restrictions this time, Coscarelli offered the role of Mike to his original performer, A. Michael Baldwin, who returned to the role after almost 16 years in Phantasm III: Lord of the Dead.

Roger Avary, a self-confessed hardcore fan of the Phantasm series, wrote an epic screenplay originally called "Phantasm 1999 A.D." as a follow-up to Phantasm III: Lord of the Dead (1994). It was set in a post-apocalyptic near future, featuring Bruce Campbell as a co-star. As the time passed and they couldn't get the budget needed (around $10 million) Don Coscarelli wrote and directed a fourth installment titled Phantasm IV: Oblivion as a precursor to the project, that was conveniently re-titled "Phantasm 2012 A.D." before renaming the planned film as “Phantasm’s End.” Ultimately, when the financing for such an ambitious sequel couldn't be secured, the idea was scrapped altogether.

In 2004, six years after the release of "", series director Don Coscarelli told "Fangoria", "I’d also still like to do another "Phantasm" film. Reggie Bannister and Angus Scrimm are still in great shape and raring to go."

In March 2005, Coscarelli was in the final stages of talks with New Line Cinema to produce a new entry. Reportedly, the new film was "being developed as a relaunch and as a possible trilogy about Mike's coming of age." This version never came to fruition.

Rumors about a sequel were reignited in June 2007 by footage contained in Don Coscarelli's "Farewell to the Alamo Drafthouse", featuring Angus Scrimm and A. Michael Baldwin in their roles. In an interview, Reggie Bannister stated there was no activity or development of a fifth film but that anything was possible in the future.

In June 2012, rumors again surfaced that Coscarelli would begin a new "Phantasm" sequel. According to a report on Dread Central, the script was completed and filming would begin later in the year. Coscarelli disputed this claim, publicly stating, "I have no solid news to report on a new project now." The director, however, was being coy with film news sites. According to what Coscarelli and new co-writer-director David Hartman told "Entertainment Weekly", the film was shot secretly in and around southern California during 2012 and 2013.

On March 26, 2014, news of "Ravager"s completion was released via various film news sites. The next day, a trailer debuted on the film's official site. In a 2014 "sneak peek" video preview on the official Phantasm website, director Hartman mentioned in quick passing, "This thing is going to be in the can 2015... for sure." By October 2015, "Ravager" was completed and awaited a distributor.

When comparing "Phantasm" films to other major horror franchises such as "Halloween", "A Nightmare on Elm Street", "Hellraiser", "Scream", "Friday the 13th", "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", and "Saw", it is one of the lowest grossing horror films but has gained a cult following.


</doc>
<doc id="43261323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43261323" title="Kvadrat (film)">
Kvadrat (film)

Kvadrat is a 2013 documentary feature film written, co-produced, and directed by Anatoly Ivanov. The film explores the realities of techno DJing, using the example of Russian DJ Andrey Pushkarev. Filmed as a hybrid between a road-movie and a music video, "Kvadrat" not only illustrates the festive atmosphere of techno night clubs, but also reveals the lesser known side of this profession. Shot in Switzerland, France, Hungary, Romania and Russia, the film omits the typical documentary elements: no interviews, no explanatory voice-over, no facts, no figures. It gives priority to abundantly sounding techno music, leaving the detailed interpretation to the viewer.

Cinematically, "Kvadrat" is of note for its distinctive color photography, intricate sound design, attention to details and lack of traditional dramatic structure, achieved on a very low budget.

DJ Andrey Pushkarev wakes up in his Moscow apartment, packs his vinyl records into a rolling bag and leaves for Domodedovo airport, to fly to Zurich. Upon arriving, he is greeted by the promoter of the Supermarket club. After falling asleep in the hotel, he is rudely awaken by the alarm, dresses up and leaves for the job in the middle of the night. After finishing his DJ set, he leaves the club to take the train to Geneva. While en route, instead of admiring the Alpine scenery, he sleeps.

After a short visit to a friend in Geneva (whether male or female is not shown), he takes the plane back to Moscow. He thus completes the first "story loop", repeated with slight variations throughout the entire film, a metaphor on techno music loops.

In his flat in Moscow, after quickly replying to booking requests on Skype, he goes through his huge collection of vinyl techno records to prepare his next performances. A quick shave and he leaves to take a taxi for the railway station, where he boards a train for Saint Petersburg.

Once in Saint Petersburg, he waits at a friend’s flat, while listening to tracks on Beatport. After nightfall, he is driven to Barakobamabar, where he plays a set. At dawn, his friends accompany him to the metro, one of them barely walking from too much drink. Pushkarev then takes the metro back to the train station, using a short-cut through Saint Petersburg down-town.

Back in Moscow, and back to the beginning of the story loop, he visits his friends and while drinking tea, debates his dream of playing techno during the day and bringing the techno club industry more in line with a healthy lifestyle.

After a short metro trip, he plays in a Moscow club Mir, after which he flies out to Geneva, again. There, he takes the same train as previously, looping in the other direction, to Olten via Bern. Greeted by the club promoter, he goes directly to the local club Terminus, where technical problems hamper his performance. The Technics SL-1210 turntable refuses to switch the playback speed from 45 rpm to 33 rpm. Later, a club technician bumps his elbow into the tonearm. Tired, Pushkarev takes a cab to the hotel, where he checks his in-coming booking requests on the notebook computer.

In the morning, he takes the train to Lausanne where he changes for a TGV to Paris. After a performance at the 4 Éléments bar, he continues his trip to the SWISS hub in Zurich, where he boards a flight to Budapest.

The local crew transport him from Budapest to Kecel, where he plays at the club Korona to a massive audience. Asleep in the car back to Budapest, he misses the decorated down-town and gets only a couple of hours to repack at the hotel, before leaving again for the airport, restarting the loop.

He flies back to the Zurich hub, where he changes for a flight to Bucharest.

Picked-up at the airport, he is driven to Craiova, where he plays at club Krypton without any rest.

The next day, he sleeps in the car during a huge snowstorm of 2012, one of the deadliest in Romania’s history, to arrive in Cluj-Napoca’s club Midi. He plays to an ecstatic crowd, only to wake up in the same battered BMW driving again through winter.

Finally, he arrives at the seaside, stares at the waves and the sunset and silently walks away, leaving his bag of vinyls on the beach.

Because of budget restrictions, Anatoly Ivanov acted as writer, co-producer, director, cinematographer, editor, and sound engineer.

Anatoly Ivanov formed an idea for "Kvadrat" after completing an impromptu 30-minute short in Cantonese in February 2011 about a private Hong Kong martial arts event. He suggested to shoot a realistic DJing documentary to Andrey Pushkarev, when the two met in the director’s Paris flat shortly afterwards.

Anatoly Ivanov teamed up with Yury Rysev to privately finance the project, initially mis-calculating the total required by a factor of 5. A drastic cost-cutting approach to production allowed to film the feature in 5 countries, despite the tiny budget, thanks in part for everyone on the project volunteering without any financial compensation.

"Kvadrat" was filmed exclusively on location in:


And during regular flights by SWISS and Izhavia, train journeys by SBB CFF FFS, RZD, and on public transport in Geneva’s TPG, Saint Petersburg Metro and Moscow Metro.

Principal photography began on August 27, 2011, ended on July 16, 2012 and lasted 55 days (if counting the days when the camera was rolling).

The film was shot in the spherical 1080p HD format using a pair of Canon 1D mark IV cameras and just two Canon still-photography lenses.

Anatoly Ivanov was the only crew to shoot video and record sound for the film, carrying all the cinema equipment on himself. He eschewed the use of dollies, cranes, jibs, steadicams, tripods, sliders and car mounts and shot "Kvadrat" exclusively with a handheld rig. No additional lighting was used either.

Editing in Final Cut Pro X, post-production started immediately after the wrap of principal photography. It took 1 year in Geneva and was plagued by technical problems, such as removal of hot pixels on the footage from the cameras and inadequate computer hardware (a 2011 MacBook Pro and a pair of Sony MDR7506 headphones).

The film features 35 tracks played by DJ Pushkarev, representing various subgenres of techno music, ranging from deep house to dub techno through minimal techno and electro:


Besides the obvious facade of DJ work seen in a night club, "Kvadrat" explores the lesser-known themes of DJ travel, fatigue, sleep deprivation, self-destruction, absurdity, loneliness, purpose of art and stereotypes of the artist.

Anatoly Ivanov combined the genres of a road movie and a music video, creating a modern-day techno musical without much dialogue. He deliberately applied the aesthetics of fiction films to non-fiction footage and removed documentary "clichés" in order to achieve a third category, a result between fiction and documentary genres. In other words, a documentary using fiction techniques such as exhibition, metaphors and symbolism to express ideas, provoke emotions and ask questions "implicitly", instead of exposition, staged interviews and explanatory voice-over to communicate the answers "explicitly".

The film was quietly released in 720p quality on Vimeo on October 17, 2013, with English, French and Russian subtitles, accumulating 53 000 plays (as of September 2014, not to be confused with loads). It premiered in cinema as 2K DCP during the Kommt Zusammen festival in Rostock, Germany, on April 18, 2014.

The public and press were surprised by a stealthy release without any marketing campaign.

The reviewers praised the aesthetic, atmospheric, musical and meditative qualities of the film, its realistic nature. As well as the decision to forego traditional interviews and adopt innovative editing.




</doc>
<doc id="43261398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43261398" title="The Marines Fly High">
The Marines Fly High

The Marines Fly High is a 1940 action film, starring Richard Dix, Chester Morris and Lucille Ball and directed by George Nicholls, Jr. and Benjamin Stoloff from a story by A.C. Edington.

In 1940, the Central American cocoa plantation owned by American Joan Grant (Lucille Ball) needs protection from bandits led by El Vengador (John Eldredge). She asks the Marines stationed nearby under the command of Colonel Hill (Paul Harvey) for help. Lieutenants Danny Darrick (Richard Dix) and Jim Malone (Chester Morris) fly a mission to seek out the outlaws. Although they have orders to protect her, both men vie for Joan's affection.

John Henderson, the plantation foreman, is really El Vengador. He kidnaps Joan and sets a trap for the Marines he knows will try to rescue her. The two rivals eventually realize that to defeat the enemy, they will have to work together. When Malone is heading for an ambush, Derrick flies to his aid and rescues Joan. 


Principal photography for "The Marines Fly High" took place from late October to December 2, 1939, on RKO sound stages. The backlots served as the locale for many of RKO's features set in more exotic locations. The use of U.S. Marine aircraft and the ability of both Dix and Morris to look comfortable as pilots led an air of authenticity to the programmer.

"The Marines Fly High" was a typical B movie whose action scenes received good notices from critics with Frank S. Nugent of "The New York Times" in a contemporary review, noting the film was "... a comfortably agile adventure story." A more recent appraisal by reviewer Frank Miller likewise described the film as "crammed" with action.

Film historian Richard Jewell in "The RKO Story" (1982), characterized the screenplay in "The Marines Fly High" by Jerry Cady and Lieutenant Commander A.J. Bolton as "dull" and "lacklustre". 

Aviation film historian James H. Farmer in "Celluloid Wings: The Impact of Movies on Aviation" (1984) noted "The Marines Fly High" was puncuated by "the quick-paced roar of machine guns, rifles and airplane engines in this low-budget effort (that) fortunately leaves little time for a careful look at the lackluster plot."




</doc>
<doc id="43261893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43261893" title="The Thrill of Brazil">
The Thrill of Brazil

The Thrill of Brazil, also known as Dancing Down to Rio, is a 1946 American musical film directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Columbia Pictures and starring Evelyn Keyes, Keenan Wynn, and Ann Miller.

Vicki Dean (Evelyn Keyes), is the soon to be divorced wife of theatrical manager Steve Farraugh (Keenan Wynn). While mounting a big musical spectacular in Brazil, Farraugh simultaneously campaigns to win back his wife. The couple encounters romantic interference from tap-dancer Linda Lorens (Ann Miller).




</doc>
<doc id="43262456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43262456" title="Dulcy (1940 film)">
Dulcy (1940 film)

Dulcy is a 1940 American comedy film, based upon the 1921 play written by directed by George S. Kaufman and Marc Connelly. It was directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and stars Ann Sothern, Ian Hunter, and Roland Young .

Bill Ward wants to marry wealthy Angela Forbes and goes to the pier to meet her parents' cruise ship when it arrives. Bill's sister Dulcy goes along, but rather than greet the Forbeses, she becomes distracted by arriving passenger Gordon Daly.

Dulcy has a habit of doing the wrong thing. When she learns that Gordon has invented a new airplane motor and needs to raise capital, she invites him to meet Roger Forbes, father of her brother's fiancée. Then she makes a mistake during Gordon's presentation that causes the motor to spit oil in Mr. Forbes's face. He leaves in a huff.

Bill and Angela decide to elope. Dulcy introduces them to a man she's just met, Schuyler Van Dyke, who offers to fund Gordon's enterprise. All is well until Dulcy learns that Van Dyke is actually a man named Patterson who suffers from delusions of grandeur. Luckily for all, Roger Forbes returns and outbids Van Dyke for the invention, making Dulcy an accidental hero.




</doc>
<doc id="43263164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43263164" title="Sleeping with Other People">
Sleeping with Other People

Sleeping with Other People is a 2015 American romantic comedy film directed and written by Leslye Headland. The film stars Jason Sudeikis, Alison Brie, Natasha Lyonne, Amanda Peet, and Adam Scott. Premiering at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2015, the film was released theatrically on September 11, 2015, by IFC Films.

In 2002, Lainey causes a scene in a dorm at Columbia University. Taking pity on her as she is about to be kicked out by security, Jake claims her as his guest. He learns that Lainey was there in order to lose her virginity to her T.A., Matt, who Jake thinks is the most boring guy in the world. Lainey eventually realizes that Jake is also a virgin, and the two lose their virginity to each other.

Years later, Lainey breaks up with her long-term boyfriend Sam after telling him she has been cheating on him. On the advice of her therapist she attends a sex addicts meeting, where she runs into Jake, who is there because of his inability to commit. Lainey schedules an appointment with Matt to end their affair; he agrees and tells her that he is engaged, but they end up having sex. On the advice of a friend she contacts Jake, and the two go on one date where they confess their sexual problems to one another. At the end of the date Jake confesses that he wants to sleep with her; however, Lainey insists that the two of them should just be friends and Jake agrees with the safe word "mousetrap" to be used to deflate sexual tension between them.

The two hang out more and eventually become best friends. Strangers mistake them for a couple and their friends begin to think they are in a relationship as well. Jake learns that Lainey is going to re-enroll in medical school and possibly move to Michigan. He brings her to the birthday party of his friend's child where she meets Chris and begins seeing him to Jake's chagrin. Jake decides to move on and asks his boss Paula on a date.

A date with Chris leads Lainey to run into Matt and his now-pregnant wife. At the same time Jake has sex with Paula and calls her Lainey. After their nights out Jake and Lainey spend the night together where they realize that they are both in love with one another; however, they do nothing about it.

Lainey moves to Michigan and Jake devotes himself to Paula. Two months after Lainey has left, during brunch with Paula, Jake sees Matt and punches him in the face. Paula breaks up with Jake after he refers to Lainey as "my girl" and Jake is arrested. He calls Lainey from the police station and confesses he is in love with her. She tells him she feels the same way.

Some time later, Matt is suing Jake for emotional distress and refuses every settlement he offers. Lainey goes to see him and tells him she will tell his wife about them if he does not drop the case. After leaving his office Lainey meets with Jake and the two rush off to be married.

After the debut of her last film, "Bachelorette", Headland became what she would later define as "suicidally depressed" noting that at one point "I was literally wondering, Should I check myself into a psych ward?" To help cope with this she went to Big Sur where she "wrote all day and all night". She realized she wanted to write a movie about sex addiction after entering into a relationship with someone who was already seeing another person, recalling that at one point she drove to his house "I just started crying hysterically. I pulled over and just kept crying. It was sort of like, What is my problem right now? Is it that I'm in love with him? Is it that I feel guilty? Is it that I'm doing something I don't want to do?" From the start she did not set out to make a romantic comedy although when she realized she was making one she wanted to make sure "that it all felt very believable".

For research purposes she attended sexual addiction meetings as well as read many books about the subject, including "Your Brain on Sex" and the relationship addiction book "Leaving the Enchanted Forrest".

The principal photography of the film took place in New York City in the summer of 2014.

In October 2014, Andrew Feltenstein and John Nau were hired to compose the music for the film.

The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2015. On February 6, 2015, IFC Films had acquired distribution rights to the film. The film premiered at the Sarasota Film Festival on April 17, 2015. Then went on to premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21, 2015. and then the Montclair Film Festival on May 8, 2015. The Seattle International Film Festival on June 5, 2015 and the Provincetown Film Festival on June 17, 2015. The film had its European premiere at the Edinburgh International Film Festival on June 18, 2015.

The film was released in the United States on September 11, 2015, in a limited release by IFC Films.

"Sleeping with Other People" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 63% based on 120 reviews, with an average rating of 6.1/10. The site's critical consensus reads: ""Sleeping with Other People" has likable leads and flashes of inspiration, but seems unwilling or unable to surround them with the truly subversive rom-com they deserve." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 64 out of 100, based on 27 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Indiewire gave the film a positive review, describing it as "a refreshingly funny and romantic feature that is more than worth falling in love with (again and again)".



</doc>
<doc id="43275728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43275728" title="The Whole Truth (2016 film)">
The Whole Truth (2016 film)

The Whole Truth is a 2016 American thriller film directed by Courtney Hunt and written by Nicholas Kazan. The film stars Keanu Reeves, Gabriel Basso, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Renée Zellweger, and Jim Belushi.

The film was released on October 21, 2016.

Defense attorney Richard Ramsay works on a tough case to defend 17-year-old Mike Lassiter for the alleged murder of his wealthy lawyer father Boone Lassiter. Ramsay, being a good personal as well as professional friend of Boone, feels double pressure to gather evidence to save Mike but finds it harder to do so as Mike completely stops talking after the incident. Ramsay employs a young talented lawyer Janelle Brady, daughter of another professional friend, as his assistant, after she left corporate law to pursue career in criminal defense. 

The first witness, a flight attendant for a charter flight, states that she witnessed certain tension between father and son on a return journey from Stanford. In a flashback it is shown that Mike wants to go to Reeds while Boone forces him to attend Stanford. The police officer who first responded to the call testifies that at the scene of the crime, Mike muttered 'I should've done it long ago', and she and the chief detective affirms that his fingerprints were found on the murder weapon. 

The Lassiters' neighbors testify that Mike was very close to Boone when he was young but gradually grew distant in his teens and also report Boone's arrogant attitude towards his family and neighbors. Series of flashbacks show Boone's various affairs and his bossy and belittling behavior towards his wife, Loretta, both in public and private. Loretta testifies and confirms that she had indeed endured emotional and physical abuse for years, including the day of his death. She testifies that she went to take a shower after the fight and when she came back, she found his dead body. She tearfully says that Mike admitted to her that he did it. Ramsay provides pictures of her bruised body, taken a day after her husband's death, as an evidence of Boone's cruelty towards her. 

After that, Mike finally decides to talk and wants to take the stand to present his case and threatens to fire Ramsey when he objects. He corroborates his mother's and neighbors' version about his father's arrogance and cruelty, and suddenly admits to killing his father, not to save his mother but to save himself as he was molested by his father since he was about 12. It stopped for a while but his father resumed it on their flight back from Stanford and he killed him when he again tried it on the day of his death. 

Prosecution calls the flight attendant who first insists that nothing happened on the flight but later, owing to tactful line of questioning by Janelle, and to cover up her extramarital affair with the co-pilot, she admits that there's a chance that she spent too much time in cockpit to confidently deny any unusual interaction between father and son. Janelle later gets suspicious about Mike's story and meets Loretta outside the courtroom and gradually deduces that Mike has taken blame on himself to protect Loretta. She confronts Ramsey but he says that his duty was to save Mike, not to dwell deep into the case. She angrily leaves, making Ramsey worry about the Jury's reaction to her absence, but she later decides to continue with the case. 

Despite the lack of proper evidence of Boone's mistreatment of his son, the Jury decides to acquit Mike. While waiting for his belongings in a private room, Mike confronts Ramsey, saying that he saw Ramsey's watch lying beside his father's corpse, which was covertly removed by his mother while she persuaded Mike to step away from the body. Mike says that he took blame to save his mother but now, as he was certain of Ramsey's involvement, wants to restart the case. Ramsey denies his suspicions and tells him that the case won't stand and it only hurts Mike's credibility. 

Mike doesn't believe him but reluctantly decides not to pursue it for the lack of further evidence. As they all leave the court house, Ramsey recalls the true events. He and Loretta were having an affair and when Boone gets suspicious about his wife's infidelity, Ramsey advises him to divorce her but Boone repeats what he always says- he'd kill her if she ever leaves him. He implies that he knew it was Ramsey she was involved with but doesn't explicitly say anything about it. Loretta and Ramsey conspire to kill him and present the case as self-defense on Loretta's part but Mike comes home early and takes blame upon him before they could arrange the evidence and confesses to detective that he committed the crime. 

Daniel Craig was originally set to star since January 2014. In April, just a few days before filming was set to commence, he dropped out of the project for unknown reasons. Craig was replaced by Keanu Reeves in June.

On July 10, 2014, Jim Belushi joined the cast of the film to play Mike's father, and Zellweger would play his mother. On August 12, Jim Klock was added to the cast to play the prosecutor, who has a rock-solid case against the teen.

Principal photography of the film began on July 7, 2014, in New Orleans, Louisiana. Previously the filming was slated to take place in Boston.
Filming began on July 7, 2014 in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana. 

On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 33% based on reviews from 27 critics. On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 46 out of 100, based on reviews from 15 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="43276068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43276068" title="Savage Pampas (1966 film)">
Savage Pampas (1966 film)

Savage Pampas is a 1966 western film directed by Hugo Fregonese and starring Robert Taylor, Ron Randell and Marc Lawrence. The film was a co-production between Argentina, Spain and the United States, and was a remake of the 1945 Argentine film of the same title which Fregonese had co-directed. The film's location shooting took place in Spain, a popular location for westerns during the era. The film's action is set in the Argentinian Pampas around the time of the Conquest of the Desert.

During the 1870s, a tough Captain of the Argentine Army doggedly battles a band of outlaws composed of a mixture of Indians and Argentine deserters.





</doc>
<doc id="43276220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43276220" title="Witchboard III: The Possession">
Witchboard III: The Possession

Witchboard III: The Possession (released in some territories as Witchboard: The Possession) is a 1995 Canadian horror film directed by Peter Svatek and starring David Nerman, Elizabeth Lambert, Cedric Smith, Donna Sarrasin, and Danette MacKay. It is the second sequel to the film "Witchboard".

Brian (David Nerman), is an unemployed broker who befriends his landlord Francis (Cedric Smith) only to find out that the old man is, in reality, a demon named Kral. After trapping Brian's soul via a Ouija board, Kral assumes Brian's identity and attempts to impregnate his wife Julie (Elizabeth Lambert). With the sudden change in Brian's personality, Julie begins to suspect that something is wrong, and, when she finds the demon's Ouija board, she contacts her husband. Discovering the truth, Julie tracks down Francis's ex-wife: the only person who can help her defeat the evil creature that has taken possession of her husband.

After first film, which was released theatrically, became popular on home video, the sequels were released direct-to-video. Republic Pictures released it in the United States in December 1995. Téléscéne released it in Canada on February 16, 1996. International distribution was by Fries/Schultz Film Group.

Unlike the first two films, which were shot in California, this film was shot in Montreal, Canada. Shooting started on December 7, 1994, and was scheduled to end on December 30. Kevin S. Tenney, the writer-director of the first two films, co-wrote the script for "Witchboard III". Svatek said the script was delivered to him without previously having met Tenney. Some of the special effects were designed by KNB EFX Group, which is located in Los Angeles. To collaborate, Svatek and KNB traded faxes of designs. Elizabeth "Locky" Lambert was drawn to her character's active role in saving her husband rather than being a passive victim. Lambert said she was encouraged to give input about her character and felt the film's more exploitative elements were still tastefully done.

Comparing it to the other films in the series, "Fangoria" called it "the weakest of the lot". The reviewer said it "moves along at a nice pace" but "never gets anywhere", focusing on poorly-done exploitation instead of horror. In rating it 2/5 stars, "TV Guide" wrote that although it "has moments of high energy", the film loses its focus and spends too much time on special effects and nudity. Daniel Kurland of "Bloody Disgusting" wrote that "Witchboard III" "likes to pile on its gore" in an entertaining way, but the scenes are nonsensical.

 


</doc>
<doc id="43287234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43287234" title="My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks">
My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks, or simply known as Rainbow Rocks, is a 2014 Canadian–American Flash animated fantasy musical film based on Hasbro's toy line and media franchise, which is a spin-off of the 2010 relaunch of My Little Pony. Written by Meghan McCarthy and directed by Jayson Thiessen and Ishi Rudell, the film was produced by DHX Media's 2D animation studio in Vancouver, Canada for Hasbro Studios in the United States, as a sequel to the original "" (2013). The film premiered in select theaters across the United States and Canada on September 27, 2014, which was followed by broadcast on Discovery Family, a joint venture between Discovery, Inc. and Hasbro, on October 17, 2014, and then a home media release on October 28, 2014.

Like the first film, "Rainbow Rocks" re-envisions the main characters of parent franchise, normally ponies, as teenage human characters in a high school setting. Set between the television series' and , the film's plot involves Twilight Sparkle returning to Canterlot High School to compete in a Battle of the Bands alongside the counterparts of her friends – including former school bully/former student of Princess Celestia, Sunset Shimmer – to save the school from a trio of sirens from Equestria.

The film was well received by critics, who described it as "far superior" to the first installment. It was followed by two sequels, "" and "".

Former Canterlot High School bully and student of , , who has reformed after being defeated by the magic of 's crown, is ostracized by most of the school despite her efforts to atone. Her only friends are the counterparts of , , , and , who have formed a rock band called "the Rainbooms" to participate in the school's upcoming musical showcase. The five girls discover that the magic left over from Twilight's crown has given them the ability to grow pony-like ears, tails, and wings when they play their instruments.

Hoping to make a fresh impression, Sunset gives a school tour to three new students – – and informs them of the showcase, unaware that they possess magical powers. Calling themselves "the Dazzlings", the trio perform a song that turns the other students aggressive and competitive towards each other, convincing them to turn the showcase into a Battle of the Bands. Sunset and her friends are protected from the song by their own magic, but fail to convince and of the danger. Sunset remembers a magical book kept by Princess Celestia, her mentor from Equestria, which she uses to send a message requesting Twilight's help.

Receiving Sunset's message, Twilight deduces that the Dazzlings are sirens from Equestria that feed on negative emotions to fuel their singing powers for their goal of world conquest. Twilight uses the book's magic to reactivate the portal, allowing her and to return to the parallel world. Twilight and the girls attempt to lift the Dazzlings' spell, but it takes no effect. Concluding that they must perform a musical counter-spell, the girls enter the Battle of the Bands to give Twilight time to complete the spell. The Rainbooms face hostility and sabotage from the other bands throughout the competition, which raises tensions among Twilight's friends.

Desperate for time in the semifinal round against 's band, Rainbow Dash performs an egotistical song to substitute the counter-spell and nearly transforms, which forces Sunset to ruin her performance to keep her from exposing their plan to the Dazzlings. Despite this, the Dazzlings intervene to allow the Rainbooms' advancement to the final round; however, this prompts Trixie to trap the Rainbooms beneath the stage to take their place. Isolated for hours, Twilight's friends enter an argument that allows the Dazzlings to absorb their magic. Realizing that their constant fighting is interfering with Twilight's spell, Sunset convinces the girls to resolve their differences, while Twilight reasons that playing together as friends will make the counter-spell work.

Spike rescues the girls with assistance from , whose headphone music protects her from the Dazzlings' spell. DJ Pon-3 provides a sound system that the Rainbooms use to engage the Dazzlings in a musical battle. Overwhelmed by the Dazzlings, the Rainbooms are joined by Sunset; with her help, the Rainbooms are able to destroy the Dazzlings' pendants, the sources of their powers. Afterwards, Twilight and Spike return to Equestria, while Sunset uses Celestia's book to remain in contact with Twilight.

In a post-credits scene, the human world's version of Twilight Sparkle is shown investigating the strange magical activity around Canterlot High.


The appears prominently in the film in a non-speaking role. The film features minor appearances from Michelle Creber as ; Ingrid Nilson as a counterpart of , Pinkie Pie's sister; Peter New as a counterpart of ; Lee Tockar and Richard Ian Cox as the counterparts of ; Tabitha St. Germain as a counterpart of ; and Brian Drummond as a delivery pony in Equestria. Kazumi Evans also provides an uncredited line of dialogue as .

On February 13, 2014, Meghan McCarthy wrote on Twitter that she had worked on the film during the summer of 2013. The film's opening credits were storyboarded by Tony Cliff. The storybook illustration depictions of the sirens in Equestria were done by Rebecca Dart. The illustrations shown during the ending credits were drawn by Katrina Hadley.

In the audio commentary included in home media releases, Meghan McCarthy commented that "Equestria Girls" was initially not intended to become an ongoing franchise, and the thought of a sequel did not cross her mind. Additionally, Sunset did not become a main character until the second draft of the script. The DVD commentary also points out that the midnight snack scene between Twilight and Sunset was actually added late into the film's production, Rarity's line "past...ahem...booboos" was ad-libbed by Germain, and the freestyle rap by Snips and Snails' counterparts was genuine freestyling by Lee Tockar and Richard Cox.

On February 13, 2014, songwriter Daniel Ingram wrote on Twitter that there will be a total of 12 songs in the film, the greatest number of songs featured in a "Friendship Is Magic" episode or "Equestria Girls" film thus far; however, only 11 songs made it in the film.

Like in "Equestria Girls", the songs were composed by Ingram with lyric writing shared between Ingram and screenwriter Meghan McCarthy; with the exception of "Rainbow Rocks" and "Shine Like Rainbows" which had lyrics by Ingram; "Bad Counter Spell" and "Under Our Spell" by McCarthy; and "Shake Your Tail" having a first draft by writer Amy Keating Rogers, in which Ingram later revised. Trevor Hoffman provided the arrangements for the songs, and musician Caleb Chan produced the songs as well as played guitar and bass.

On July 24, 2014, a movie clip and a teaser trailer were released on Yahoo! TV. On September 10, 2014, through the Equestria Daily fan news blog, Shout! Factory revealed a 30-second trailer. Two days later on September 12, a 50-second trailer was released on YouTube. Six days later on September 18, a full theatrical trailer was released also via Yahoo! TV; the trailer was then uploaded to Hasbro's YouTube channel four days later on September 22.

The film received a limited theatrical release on September 27, 2014, in the United States through Screenvision theaters and in Canada through Cineplex theaters. It also received a "Purple Carpet" premiere at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood, which was attended by the cast and crew as well as some celebrities such as Jamie Foxx, "Modern Family" actress Ariel Winter, and Academy Award nominee Quvenzhané Wallis. Like the first film, the screenings of "Rainbow Rocks" in the United States bore no classification from the MPAA (which is not a mandatory, although many theaters carried a G-rating), while the Canadian screenings had classifications from provincial film boards (usually G).

In the United Kingdom, the film was theatrically released on October 25 and 26, 2014. The film was theatrically released on November 15, 2014, in Australia.

The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray by Shout! Factory on October 28, 2014, in Region 1. Special features include a new featurette, the eight prelude animated shorts, a sing-along song, and an audio commentary on the film by writer Meghan McCarthy, director Jayson Thiessen, co-director Ishi Rudell, vice president of development at Hasbro Studios Michael Vogel, and Hasbro's executive director Brian Lenard. There were also three store exclusives for the United States release of the DVD: The Target edition included a bracelet, a USD $4 coupon for one My Little Pony toy, and the DVD of the first "Equestria Girls" film; The Walmart edition included a music CD, a digital copy of the film, and the same $4 coupon; The Kmart edition included a "backstage pass" and the coupon. The initial production run of the DVD contained an error that caused chapters 5 and 6 to play in reverse order when the film was viewed using the "Play" option on the main menu.

A Region 2 "Rainbow Rocks" DVD from distributor Primal Screen Entertainment was released on March 23, 2015, for various countries, including France, Germany, Italy, the Middle East region, Netherlands, and United Kingdom.

Alongside "Equestria Girls" and "Friendship Games", this film was released in a box set on October 13, 2015 in Region 1.

"Rainbow Rocks" made its United States television premiere on Discovery Family (a joint venture between Discovery, Inc. and Hasbro) on October 17, 2014. The film premiered on the Family Channel in Canada on November 8, 2014. In the United Kingdom, it premiered on Pop on December 24, 2014.

The film is a part of music-themed Rainbow Rocks lineup, a second installment in the toy line and media franchise, which was first displayed at the 2014 American International Toy Fair. LB Kids published two novelizations of the film, all written by Perdita Finn. A Rainbow Rocks missile command-type mini-game was added to the "Hasbro Arcade" mobile app on April 8, 2014. An issue of IDW's "Fiendship Is Magic" features the sirens.

On February 13, 2014, "Entertainment Weekly" released the first trailer; about four months later however, McCarthy confirmed on her Twitter post that the clips from that trailer "are separate shorts and not scenes in the movie." A series of eight animated shorts was released on Hasbro Studio's YouTube channel in 2014 from March 27 to June 19 to promote the film. The shorts were created by the "Friendship Is Magic" crew to tie into the film, and are considered "prequels" to the film's events, detailing how each of them discovered that they could awaken Equestrian magic within them by playing their respective instruments.

The first eight shorts made their television debut on Discovery Family on May 30, 2015.

With lyric collaboration between Katrina Hadley, Daniel Ingram, Brian Lenard, Jayson Thiessen and Michael Vogel, and songs composed by Ingram, Hasbro released three "Rainbow Rocks" music videos on March 31, 2015: "Friendship Through the Ages", "Life Is a Runway", and "My Past is Not Today"; but were reuploaded two days later on April 2, 2015. These shorts are separate initiatives that lead up to the third "Equestria Girls" film installment, "Friendship Games". On April 6, 2015, Ingram replied in a comment on Facebook that these will likely be on the next "Equestria Girls" album in late 2015. On September 17, 2015, the encore shorts were released as the first three audio tracks on the "My Little Pony Equestria Girls: The Friendship Games" soundtrack.

The film's soundtrack was released on September 10, 2014 via the iTunes Music Store. Announced on Ingram's Twitter eight days later on September 18 (chart of September 27), the soundtrack placed #15 on the Kid Albums Billboard chart; two weeks later on October 2 (chart of October 11, 2014), the soundtrack placed #12; a week later on October 18, it placed #10.

In Hasbro's Q3 2014 Earnings Report, it was revealed that the box office returns from this film exceeded that of the first film in the first weekend by 37%. On a per theater basis, sales for tickets grew by 19% in the first three weeks of its limited theatrical run. The film grossed $360,736 in its limited time in theaters in the United Kingdom, Finland, Mexico, United Arab Emirates, and Uruguay.

When the main feature premiered on Discovery Family on October 17, 2014, it was viewed by approximately 610,000 viewers.

When the first eight "Rainbow Rocks" shorts made their television debut on Discovery Family on May 30, 2015, they were viewed by approximately 299,000 viewers.

"My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks" was well received by critics and fans alike. Sherilyn Connelly for "The Village Voice" called "Rainbow Rocks" "far superior" to the first "Equestria Girls" film, and that while "the picture is continuity-heavy and not particularly accessible to newcomers", that the film was "up there with the show at its most thoughtful". Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" complimented the film, saying "Though it's strictly for the faithful, the tween-friendly mix of cute and earnest has a forthright sharpness and is never cloying." Shane O'Hare of Geekscape gave the Blu-ray of the film a score of 4 out of 5, praising the soundtrack stating "The show's composer, Daniel Ingram...killed it. 10 all new original recordings from Daniel really stole the show." Ed Liu of Toon Zone, who gave the first film a mixed review, also found this film to be better. He wrote the film "is almost as sweet and charming as the best episodes of the series, finding new and interesting ways to expand on the show’s themes of friendship."

"Gerry O", 12-year-old film critic for The Huffington Post's Kids First! column called the film "a combination of adventure with a crème of comedy and a sprinkle of excitement all up in a friendship sandwich."

In 2017, IGN named the film among one of the "Best Kids Movies Streaming on Netflix".



</doc>
<doc id="43292987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43292987" title="The Bronze (film)">
The Bronze (film)

The Bronze is a 2015 American sports comedy-drama film directed by Bryan Buckley and written by Melissa Rauch and Winston Rauch. It was produced by Mark Duplass and Jay Duplass through their Duplass Brothers Productions banner. The film stars Rauch, Gary Cole, Thomas Middleditch, Sebastian Stan, Cecily Strong, Haley Lu Richardson and Dale Raoul. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2015. The film was theatrically released on March 18, 2016 by Sony Pictures Classics.

Former gymnastics Bronze Medalist Hope Ann Greggory (Melissa Rauch) has been living off her celebrity status in her hometown of Amherst, Ohio, though she is reduced to going through the mail -- mail that her mailman father delivers -- for spending money. When her former coach Pavleck (Christine Abrahamsen) suddenly commits suicide, a letter arrives addressed to Hope stating that if she can guide Pavleck's best student, a young gymnastics star named Maggie Townsend (Haley Lu Richardson) to the Olympics in Toronto, she will receive a $500,000 inheritance. 

Unwilling to be overshadowed by Maggie's success, Hope instead plans to take the money by sabotaging Maggie's training so she can stay on top, initially feeding her junk food and a shake laced with marijuana. Maggie performs so poorly that arrogant Olympic Gold Medalist Lance Tucker (Sebastian Stan), who resents Hope's celebrity on account of her inferior bronze medal (which she won despite a career-ending injury), threatens to take over as Maggie's coach. When Hope learns she will forfeit the inheritance money if she does not continue training Maggie, Hope grudgingly devotes herself to Maggie's training in earnest. Along the way, she enters a romance with her assistant coach Ben Lawfort (Thomas Middleditch), nicknamed "Twitchy" due to his involuntary facial spasms.

Hope's efforts eventually pay off when Maggie qualifies for the Olympic Games. However, she is shocked to discover that Coach Pavleck's gym is in danger of closing because Pavleck had no money to her name when she died. Upon hearing the news, Hope's father confesses that he was the one who had written the letter, to motivate Hope to do something meaningful with her life. After a heated exchange, Hope gets drunk and ends up having sex with Lance Tucker, leading a heartbroken Ben, who witnessed the act, to break off their relationship.

Maggie succeeds in winning the gold medal and is celebrated as a local hero in Amherst, but announces her intention to begin training with Lance in Los Angeles instead of staying with Hope. When Maggie fails to show up for an autograph signing at a mall, Hope addresses the disappointed crowd and declares that she will always be Amherst's hero. She comes up with a plan to finance Pavleck's gym on her own by selling uniforms and gymnastics lessons to local girls. She then apologizes to Ben and retains him as her assistant coach.

In the epilogue, a caption reveals that Maggie was forced to abandon her gymnastics career after becoming pregnant with Lance's child. Hope continues to coach gymnastics, though none of her pupils have gone on to any distinction in the sport.


On July 9, 2014, it was reported Melissa Rauch, Gary Cole, Thomas Middleditch, Sebastian Stan, Cecily Strong and Haley Lu Richardson had all been cast in the film, as well as that Stephanie Langhoff would produce the film under the Duplass Brothers Productions banner.

Principal photography on the film began on July 4, 2014 in Amherst, Ohio. On July 7, the crew was spotted filming at Pikewood Manor in Elyria, Ohio. Production on the film concluded on July 26, 2014. In an interview after Sundance, Rauch stated that she and Buckley trimmed scenes and restored some original story ideas for a new theatrical version.

In July 2014, Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions acquired international distribution rights to the film. The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2015. Shortly after, Relativity Media acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was originally scheduled for release in July 2015, and October 2015. In September 2015, it was pulled from the schedule. The same month, Sony Pictures Classics acquired U.S distribution rights instead, and it was announced that Stage 6 Films would distribute the film internationally. The film was to be released in a limited release on March 11, 2016, but was delayed a week to March 18, 2016 in favor of a wide release then.

"The Bronze" received generally negative reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 33%, based on 87 reviews, with an average rating of 4.9/10. The site's consensus reads, "Enthusiastically unpleasant and mostly unfunny, "The Bronze" fails to stick the landing – or much else along the way." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score of 44 out of 100, based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="43295259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43295259" title="Buy the Ticket, Take the Ride: Hunter S. Thompson on Film">
Buy the Ticket, Take the Ride: Hunter S. Thompson on Film

Buy the Ticket, Take the Ride: Hunter S. Thompson on Film is a 2006 documentary about writer Hunter S. Thompson directed by Tom Thurman.

Interviews with Hunter S. Thompson's inner circle of family and friends.


</doc>
<doc id="43304259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43304259" title="Staggered (film)">
Staggered (film)

Staggered is a 1994 British romantic comedy film directed by Martin Clunes, starring himself and Anna Chancellor. It follows the misfortune of Neil (Clunes), a bridegroom trying to get back to his intended bride after a stag night. It was Clunes' directorial debut "I was asked, and it's not the sort of thing you say no to, really".

After his stag night, Neil Price (Clunes) wakes up naked on a remote Scottish island. The film follows his journey back towards his wedding, and the various characters and obstacles he encounters en route. It turns out that Neil's best friend, Gary, spiked his drink and dumped him on the Isle of Barra to enable him to make his own move on Hilary and her well-to-do family.


"Time Out" said that the film was a "low-budget farce has a frustrating tendency to set up promising situations only to squander them" but that the project was "amusing and eventful, none the less". The review in "Variety" had a similar take, although it singled out Chancellor's character, Carmen, as being the best in the film describing her as having "more dark currents than a buttered bun."




</doc>
<doc id="43308964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43308964" title="The Hateful Eight">
The Hateful Eight

The Hateful Eight (sometimes marketed as The H8ful Eight) is a 2015 American western thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Walton Goggins, Demián Bichir, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, and Bruce Dern as eight strangers who seek refuge from a blizzard in a stagecoach stopover some time after the American Civil War.

Tarantino announced "The Hateful Eight" in November 2013. He conceived it as a novel and sequel to his previous film "Django Unchained" (2012) before deciding to make it a standalone film. After the script leaked in January 2014, he cancelled the film and instead directed a live reading at the United Artists Theater in Los Angeles, before reconsidering and resuming progress on the project. Filming began on December 8, 2014, near Telluride, Colorado. The original score was Italian composer Ennio Morricone's first for a Tarantino film, his first complete Western score in 34 years, and his first for a high-profile Hollywood production since Brian De Palma's "Mission to Mars" in 2000.

Distributed by The Weinstein Company in the United States, "The Hateful Eight" was released on December 25, 2015, in a limited roadshow release on 70 mm film, before expanding wide theatrically on December 30, 2015. It received positive reviews from critics, particularly for Leigh's performance and Morricone's score. It grossed $155.8 million against a $45 million budget. For his work on the score, Morricone won his first Academy Award for Best Original Score, as well as the Golden Globe. The film also earned Oscar nominations for Best Supporting Actress (Leigh) and Best Cinematography (Robert Richardson).

On April 25, 2019, the film was released as a re-edited four-episode miniseries on Netflix with the subtitle "Extended Version". "The Hateful Eight" is Tarantino's final film to have the involvement of The Weinstein Company, as he ended his relationship with the company following allegations of sexual abuse against Harvey Weinstein in October 2017.

In 1877, bounty hunter Major Marquis Warren is transporting three dead bounties to the town of Red Rock, Wyoming. He hitches a ride on a stagecoach driven by a man known only as O.B. Aboard is bounty hunter John Ruth, and handcuffed to him is fugitive Daisy Domergue, whom Ruth is escorting to Red Rock to collect her bounty and watch her hang. Ruth and Warren are previous acquaintances who bonded over Warren's personal letter from Abraham Lincoln. Former Lost-Causer militiaman Chris Mannix, who is traveling to Red Rock as the town's new sheriff, persuades Ruth and Warren to let him on the stagecoach. Warren and Ruth form an alliance to protect each other's bounties.

The group seeks refuge from a blizzard at Minnie's Haberdashery, a stagecoach lodge, whose front door happens to have a broken lock. They are greeted by Bob, a Mexican, who says the owner, Minnie, is away visiting her mother. The other lodgers are Oswaldo Mobray, a hangman; Joe Gage, a quiet cowboy traveling home to visit his mother; and Sanford Smithers, a former Confederate general traveling to put his son to rest. Suspicious, Ruth disarms all but Warren. Warren inadvertently kicks a jellybean on the floor between the slats and then notices one of Minnie's jellybean jars is missing from a shelf.

As the group eats, Mannix surmises that Warren's Lincoln letter is a forgery. Warren acknowledges this, saying the letter buys him leeway with whites, outraging Ruth. Warren leaves a gun next to Smithers and provokes him into reaching for it by telling Smithers that he tortured, raped, and murdered Smithers' son. When Smithers pulls the gun, Warren shoots him out of revenge for Smithers' executions of black PoWs at the Battle of Baton Rouge.

While everyone is distracted by the confrontation, someone poisons the brewing coffee. Ruth and O.B. drink it, killing O.B. The dying Ruth attacks Daisy in desperation, but she kills him with his own gun. Warren disarms Daisy, leaving her shackled to Ruth's corpse, and holds the others at gunpoint. He is joined by Mannix, whom Warren trusts because he nearly drank the poisoned coffee. After finding Sweet Dave's chair stained with blood and revealing that Minnie hates Mexicans and would never leave one to care for the lodge, Warren deduces that Bob is an impostor who killed all of the lodge owners and executes him. When Warren threatens to execute Daisy, Gage admits that he poisoned the coffee. A man hiding in the cellar shoots Warren from below. Mobray draws a concealed gun and shoots Mannix, who returns fire, mortally wounding Mobray.

Hours earlier, Bob, Mobray, Gage, and a fourth man, Daisy's brother Jody, arrive at the lodge. They murder Minnie, and five other bystanders, leaving only Smithers. Jody tells Smithers that they plan to ambush Ruth to rescue Daisy, and that his gang will spare Smithers if he keeps quiet. During the murders, a jar of jellybeans is shattered, and the lock on the front door is destroyed. The bandits dispose of the bodies, hide the evidence, and conceal guns around the lodge. As Ruth's stagecoach arrives, Jody hides in the cellar.

In the present, Mannix and Warren, both seriously wounded, hold Daisy, Gage, and the dying Mobray at gunpoint. They force Jody out of the cellar by threatening to kill Daisy. Jody surrenders and Warren executes him. Daisy claims that fifteen of her brother's men are waiting in Red Rock to kill Mannix and ransack the town; if Mannix kills Warren and allows her to escape, the gang will spare him and let him claim the bounties of the deceased except her brother.

As Daisy and Mobray taunt Warren, Warren shoots them both, killing Mobray. Gage draws a hidden revolver, but is shot dead by both Mannix and Warren. Warren then tries to shoot Daisy, but he is out of bullets. Mannix calls Daisy's bluff and rejects her offer, but faints from blood loss. Daisy hacks off Ruth's handcuffed arm and frees herself. As she reaches for Gage's gun, Mannix regains consciousness, shooting her. Warren persuades Mannix to hang her from the rafters inside the lodge in honor of Ruth. Afterward, as the two men lie dying, Mannix reads aloud Warren's forged Lincoln letter, complimenting its detail.

In November 2013, writer-director Quentin Tarantino said he was working on another Western. He initially attempted the story as a novel, a sequel to his film "Django Unchained" titled "Django in White Hell", but realized that the Django character did not fit the story. On January 12, 2014, the title was announced as "The Hateful Eight".

The film was inspired by the 1960s Western TV series "Bonanza," "The Virginian" and "The High Chaparral." Tarantino said:

Production would most likely have begun in mid 2014, but after the script leaked online in January 2014, Tarantino considered publishing it as a novel instead. He said he had given the script to a few trusted colleagues, including Bruce Dern, Tim Roth, and Michael Madsen. This version of the script featured a different ending in which Warren and Mannix attempt to kill Gage in revenge by forcing him to drink the poisoned coffee, sparking a firefight in which every character is killed. Tarantino described his vision for the character of Daisy Domergue as a "Susan Atkins of the Wild West".

On April 19, 2014, Tarantino directed a live reading of the leaked script at the United Artists Theater in the Ace Hotel Los Angeles. The event was organized by the Film Independent at Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) as part of the "Live Read" series and introduced by Elvis Mitchell. Tarantino explained that they would read the first draft of the script, and he added that he was writing two new drafts with a different ending. The actors who joined Tarantino included Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Amber Tamblyn, James Parks, Walton Goggins, Zoë Bell, James Remar, Dana Gourrier, Dern, Roth and Madsen.

On September 23, 2014, it was revealed that Viggo Mortensen was in discussion with Tarantino for a role in the film. On October 9, 2014, Jennifer Jason Leigh was added to the cast to play Daisy Domergue. On November 5, 2014, it was announced that Channing Tatum was eyeing a major role in the film. Later the same day, The Weinstein Company confirmed the cast in a press release, which would include Samuel L. Jackson, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Kurt Russell, Tim Roth, Demián Bichir, Walton Goggins, Michael Madsen, and Bruce Dern. Tatum's casting was also confirmed.

Later on January 23, 2015, TWC announced an ensemble cast of supporting members, including James Parks, Dana Gourrier, Zoë Bell, Gene Jones, Keith Jefferson, Lee Horsley, Craig Stark, and Belinda Owino.

In the earlier public reading of the first script, the role of Daisy Domergue had been read by Amber Tamblyn, and the role of Bob, a Frenchman rather than a Mexican, was read by Denis Ménochet; at the reading, the role of Jody was read by James Remar. Regarding the cast, Tarantino has said, "This is a movie where [bigger movie stars] wouldn't work. It needs to be an ensemble where nobody is more important than anybody else."

On September 26, 2014, the state of Colorado had signed to fund the film's production with $5 million, and the complete film would be shot in Southwest Colorado. A 900-acre ranch was leased to the production for the filming. There was a meeting on October 16, and the county's planning commission issued a permit for the construction of a temporary set. Principal photography began on December 8, 2014, in Colorado on the Schmid Ranch near Telluride. The film's special make-up effects were created by Greg Nicotero, known for his work on the AMC series "The Walking Dead".

The guitar destroyed by Russell's character was not a prop but an antique 1870s Martin guitar lent by the Martin Guitar Museum. According to sound producer Mark Ulano, the guitar was supposed to have been switched with a copy to be destroyed, but this was not communicated to Russell; everyone on the set was "pretty freaked out" at the guitar's destruction, and Leigh's reaction was genuine, though "Tarantino was in a corner of the room with a funny curl on his lips, because he got something out of it with the performance." Museum director Dick Boak said that the museum was not told that the script included a scene that called for a guitar being smashed, and determined that it was irreparable. The insurance remunerated the purchase value of the guitar. As a result of the incident, the museum no longer lends guitars to film productions.

Cinematographer Robert Richardson, who also worked with Tarantino on "Kill Bill", "Inglourious Basterds", and "Django Unchained", filmed "The Hateful Eight" on 65 mm film, using two modern 65mm camera models: the Studio 65 and the 65 HS. The film was transferred to 70 mm film for projection using Ultra Panavision 70 and Kodak Vision 3 film stocks: 5219, 5207, 5213 and 5203. Until the release of Christopher Nolan's "Dunkirk" two years later, it was the widest release in 70 mm film since Ron Howard's "Far and Away" in 1992. The film uses Panavision anamorphic lenses with an aspect ratio of 2.76:1, a very widescreen image that was used on some films in the 1950s and 1960s. The filmmakers also avoided any use of a digital intermediate in the 70mm roadshow release, which was color-timed photochemically by FotoKem, and the dailies were screened in 70mm. The wide digital release and a handful of 35mm prints were struck from a digital intermediate, done by Yvan Lucas at Shed/Santa Monica.

Tarantino edited two versions of the film, one for the roadshow version and the other for general release. The roadshow version runs for three hours and two minutes, including six minutes of extra footage plus an overture and intermission, and has alternate takes of some scenes. Tarantino created two versions as he felt some of the footage he shot for 70mm would not play well on smaller screens. Classifications from the British Board of Film Classification confirm that the time difference between the Roadshow (187 minutes) and the DCP (167 minutes) releases is 20 minutes.

Tarantino announced at the 2015 Comic-Con that Ennio Morricone would compose the score for "The Hateful Eight"; it is the first Western scored by Morricone in 34 years, since "Buddy Goes West", and Tarantino's first film to use an original score. Tarantino had previously used Morricone's music in "Kill Bill", "Death Proof", "Inglourious Basterds", and "Django Unchained", and Morricone also wrote an original song, "Ancora Qui", for the latter. Morricone had previously made statements that he would "never work" with Tarantino after "Django Unchained", but ultimately changed his mind and agreed to score "The Hateful Eight". According to "Variety", Morricone composed the score without even seeing the film.

The soundtrack was announced on November 19, 2015, for a December 18 release from Decca Records. Ennio Morricone composed 50 minutes of original music for "The Hateful Eight". In addition to Morricone's original score, the soundtrack includes dialogue excerpts from the film, "Apple Blossom" by The White Stripes from their "De Stijl" album, "Now You're All Alone" by David Hess from "The Last House on the Left" and "There Won't Be Many Coming Home" by Roy Orbison from "The Fastest Guitar Alive".

Tarantino confirmed that the film would use three unused tracks from Morricone's original soundtrack for the 1982 John Carpenter film "The Thing"—"Eternity", "Bestiality", and "Despair"—as Morricone was pressed for time while creating the score. The final film also uses Morricone's "Regan's Theme" from the 1977 John Boorman film "."

Morricone's score won several awards including a special award from New York Film Critics Circle. The score won a Golden Globe for Best Original Score. It also took the 2016 Academy Award for Best Motion Picture Score, Morricone's first after several career nominations.

The acoustic song played by Leigh's character Domergue on a Martin guitar is the traditional Australian folk ballad "Jim Jones at Botany Bay", which dates from the early 19th-century and was first published by Charles McAlister in 1907. The rendition in the film includes lines which were not in MacAlister's version. The film's trailer used Welshly Arms' cover of "Hold On, I'm Coming", although this is not used in the film itself.

The soundtrack was released under the Third Man Records label, which is operated by musician Jack White.

On September 3, 2014, The Weinstein Company (TWC) acquired the worldwide distribution rights to the film for a fall 2015 release. TWC would sell the film worldwide, but Tarantino asked to personally approve the global distributors for the film. In preparation for its release, Tarantino arranged for approximately 100 theaters worldwide to be retrofitted with anamorphic equipped 70 mm film projectors, in order to display the film as he intended. The film was released on December 25, 2015, as a roadshow presentation in 70 mm film format theaters. The film was initially scheduled to be released in digital theaters on January 8, 2016.

On December 14, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that the film would see wide release on December 31, 2015, while still screening the 70 mm version. The release date was moved to December 30, 2015, to meet demand. On July 11, 2015, Tarantino and the cast of the film appeared at San Diego Comic-Con to promote the film. In the UK, where the film was distributed by Entertainment Film Distributors, the sole 70mm print in the country opened at the Odeon Leicester Square on January 8 in a roadshow presentation, with the digital general release version opening the same day at other cinemas, except Cineworld, who refused to book the film after failing to reach an agreement to show the 70mm print.

On March 15, 2016, "The Hateful Eight" was released in the United States on Digital HD, and on Blu-ray and DVD on March 29, 2016.

On December 20, 2015, screener copies of "The Hateful Eight" and numerous other Oscar contenders, including "Carol", "The Revenant", "Brooklyn", "Creed", and "Straight Outta Compton", were uploaded to many websites. The FBI linked the case to co-CEO Andrew Kosove of Alcon Entertainment. Kosove responded that he had "never seen this DVD", and that "it never touched his hands."

In April 2019, the streaming service Netflix released an extended miniseries version of the film, split into four episodes.

"The Hateful Eight" grossed $54.1 million in the U.S. and Canada, and $101.6 million in other countries, for worldwide gross of $155.8 million against a budget of around $44 million.

The film opened in the US with a limited release on December 25, 2015, and over the weekend grossed $4.9 million from 100 theaters ($46,107 per screen), finishing 10th at the box office. It had its wide release on December 30, grossing $3.5 million on its first day. The film went on to gross $15.7 million in its opening weekend, finishing third at the box office behind "" ($90.2 million) and "Daddy's Home" ($29.2 million).

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 75% based on 327 reviews, and an average rating of 7.33/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""The Hateful Eight" offers another well-aimed round from Quentin Tarantino's signature blend of action, humor, and over-the-top violence—all while demonstrating an even stronger grip on his filmmaking craft." On Metacritic, the film holds a weighted average score of 68 out of 100, based on 51 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported audiences gave it a 42% "definite recommend".

James Berardinelli wrote that "The Hateful Eight" "is a high-wire thriller, full of masterfully executed twists, captivating dialogue, and a wildly entertaining narrative that gallops along at a pace to make three hours evaporate in an instant. Best film of the year? Yes." "Telegraph" critic Robbie Collin wrote: ""The Hateful Eight" is a parlour-room epic, an entire nation in a single room, a film steeped in its own filminess but at the same time vital, riveting and real. Only Tarantino can do this, and he’s done it again." "The Guardian" critic Peter Bradshaw gave the film five out of five, and wrote that it was "intimate yet somehow weirdly colossal, once again releasing [Tarantino's] own kind of unwholesome crazy-funny-violent nitrous oxide into the cinema auditorium for us all to inhale ... "Thriller" is a generic label which has lost its force. But "The Hateful Eight" thrills." "A.V. Club" critic Ignatiy Vishnevetsky gave the film a grade of A- and wrote that "with a script that could easily be a stage play, "The Hateful Eight" is about as close as this pastiche artist is likely to get to the classical tradition."

In contrast, Owen Gleiberman of the BBC said, "I'm not alone in thinking that it's Tarantino's worst film – a sluggish, unimaginative dud, brimming with venom but not much cleverness." Donald Clarke, writing in "The Irish Times", wrote, "What a shame the piece is so lacking in character and narrative coherence. What a shame so much of it is so gosh-darn boring." A. O. Scott in "The New York Times" said, "Some of the film's ugliness...seems dumb and ill-considered, as if Mr. Tarantino's intellectual ambition and his storytelling discipline had failed him at the same time." Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" praised the film's production design, idiosyncratic dialogue, and "lip-smackingly delicious" performances, but felt the film was overlong and that Morricone's score was put to too limited use.

Scholars Florian Zitzelsberger and Sarah E. Beyvers observe that the film follows Aristotle's unities: "Tarantino’s film meticulously adheres to the classical unities of a tragedy, which had been seen as a necessity for the audience’s immersion for a long time: The Hateful Eight follows only one plot (unity of action), it is limited to a time period of 24 hours (unity of time)." Hollis Robbins argues that "The Hateful Eight" is a Panoramic Western chamber drama: "Tarantino’s eighth film demands to be seen not as a revisionist but a newly visioned western, using the mythmaker’s tools to offer a panoramic vision of racial sovereignty undone by random violence." 

"The Hateful Eight" was listed on many critics' top ten movies of the year lists.

In October 2015, Tarantino attended a Black Lives Matter rally and publicly commented on police brutality in the United States, saying, "When I see murders, I do not stand by... I have to call a murder a murder, and I have to call the murderers the murderers." Tarantino's comments received national media attention and several police groups in the United States pledged to boycott "The Hateful Eight" and his other films. New York City Police Benevolent Association president Patrick J. Lynch said: "With nearly one million law enforcement officers in this country who have families and friends who support them, the impact that police have economically on a product or project is immense. The law enforcement boycott of cop-hater Quentin Tarantino's movie is one demonstration of that economic power." Tarantino responded that he was not a "cop hater" and would not be intimidated by the calls for a boycott.

Richard Johnson of the "New York Post" called "The Hateful Eight" a "box-office disaster, and the police officers who boycotted the movie are taking credit". However, "Forbes" rebutted this claim in an article titled "No, Police Boycotts Against Quentin Tarantino didn't cause "Hateful Eight" to Flop", writing that the film, while not as commercially successful as some of Tarantino's other films, was not a "box-office disaster" and cast doubt on claims that a boycott had a strong effect on sales.

Tarantino told "GQ" that race issues were part of his creative process and were inescapable, saying: "I wasn’t trying to bend over backwards in any way, shape, or form to make it socially relevant. But once I finished the script, that’s when all the social relevancy started." He told "The Telegraph" he wrote "The Hateful Eight" to reflect America's fraught racial history, with the splitting of the cabin into northern and southern sides and a speech about the perils of "frontier justice". A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" observed that the film rejects the Western genre's tradition of ignoring America's racial history, but felt its handling of race issues was "dumb and ill-considered", and wrote: "Tarantino doesn’t make films that are 'about race' so much as he tries to burrow into the bowels of American racism with his camera and his pen. There is no way to do that and stay clean."

Some critics expressed unease at the treatment of the Daisy Domergue character, who is the subject of repeated physical and verbal abuse and finally hanged in a sequence which, according to Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com, "lingers on Daisy's death with near-pornographic fascination". A.O. Scott felt the film "mutates from an exploration of racial animus into an orgy of elaborately justified misogyny". Laura Bogart regarded the treatment of Daisy as a "betrayal" of the positive female characters in previous Tarantino films such as "Kill Bill". Juliette Peers wrote that "compared to the stunning twists and inversions of norms that Tarantino's other works offer when presenting female characters, "The" "Hateful Eight"'s sexual politics seem bleakly conservative. Daisy is feisty and highly intelligent, yet the plotline is arbitrarily stacked against her."

Conversely, Courtney Bissonette of "Bust" praised Tarantino's history of female characters and wrote of Daisy's treatment: "This is equality, man, and it’s more feminist to think that a criminal is getting treated the same despite her sex. They don't treat her like a fairy princess because she is a woman, they treat her like a killer because she is a killer." Sophie Besl of Bitch Flicks argued that Daisy received no special treatment as a woman, is never sexually objectified, and has agency over her own actions (including killing her captor). She defended the hanging scene as in the filmic tradition of villains "getting what's coming to [them]", and that equivalent scenes with male villains in previous Tarantino films raised no objections. However, Matthew Stogdon felt that as Daisy's crimes are not explained, her status as a criminal deserving execution is not established, breaking the narrative rule of "show, don't tell".

Walton Goggins described the lynching as symbolic of a positive step to erase racism: "I see it as very uplifting, as very hopeful, and as a big step in the right direction, as a celebration, as a changing of one heart and one mind." However, Sasha Stone, writing for "Awards Daily," felt it was implausible for Daisy to "represent, somehow, all of the evil of the South, all of the racism, all of the injustice. She's a tiny thing. There is no point in the film, or maybe one just barely, when Daisy inflicts any violence upon anyone – and by then it could be argued that she is only desperately trying to defend herself. She is handcuffed to Kurt Russell, needing his permission to speak and eat, and then punched brutally in the face whenever she says anything."

Tarantino intended the violence against Daisy to be shocking and wanted the audience's allegiances to shift during the story. He said: "Violence is hanging over every one of those characters like a cloak of night. So I'm not going to go, 'OK, that's the case for seven of the characters, but because one is a woman, I have to treat her differently.' I'm not going to do that."

In early 2016, Tarantino announced that he plans to adapt "The Hateful Eight" as a stage play. He claims the he'll begin writing it after the award season goes through and also plans to direct a stage adaptation.




</doc>
<doc id="43310201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43310201" title="The Women's Room (film)">
The Women's Room (film)

The Women's Room is a 1980 television film directed by Glenn Jordan and starring Lee Remick, Ted Danson, Colleen Dewhurst and Tovah Feldshuh. In spite of Esther Shapiro's (ABC's vice president for miniseries) struggle with the (predominantly male) network to release the film despite its feminist content, ""The Women's Room" finally aired, and it received a huge 45 share (the highest rated movie on TV that week), prompted a raft of positive mail, and won an Emmy".

A married mother of two leaves her philandering husband and enrolls in graduate school.


Critic Tom Shales found the film to be annoying and a "stinker." John J. O'Connor found the film to be a successful adaptation of the book and thoroughly enjoyed the movie, stating that "No one will be bored."


</doc>
<doc id="43310291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43310291" title="Age of Kill">
Age of Kill

Age of Kill is an action film directed by Neil Jones and starring Martin Kemp, Patrick Bergin, April Pearson, Philip Davis and Bruce Payne. It was written by Simon Cluett. 

A black ops sniper, Sam Blake (Martin Kemp) is blackmailed by a psychotic terrorist known only as "Jericho" into killing six seemingly unrelated people in six hours. If he fails, if he misses a target, if he goes to the police or is caught, the death toll will be far higher.


The film received largely negative reviews. Matt Glasby of "Total Film" stated that 'Neil Jones threadbare Brit thriller short-changes all comers, particularly lead Martin Kemp, who plays a government hitman blackmailed into going rogue, and co-stars Nick Moran and Patrick Bergin, who add some undeserved class'. Allie Gemmill stated that "Age of Kill" is 'ultimately another poorly-acted, poorly-constructed film that will only disappoint viewers who are hungry for a good action film'. 

The book of the film however was critically well-received.



</doc>
<doc id="43311708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43311708" title="Home (2016 American film)">
Home (2016 American film)

Home is a 2016 American horror drama film directed by Frank Lin, starring Heather Langenkamp and Samantha Mumba.

A religious young woman (Carrie) has difficulty coping when her mother decides to come out as a lesbian and marry an atheist woman. After her parents leave on a business trip, she discovers that their house is haunted by evil and must save herself and her little stepsister (Tia).


"Home" was released as VOD and DVD in Region 1 by Inception Group Media on March 1, 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43311918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43311918" title="Nanny and the Professor (film)">
Nanny and the Professor (film)

Nanny and the Professor is a 1972 American animated comedy TV Movie based on the sitcom by the same name. The series' original cast returned reprised their roles from the live action series. Unlike in the television series, Nanny openly performs magic, while in the TV series it was only implied.




</doc>
<doc id="43311963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43311963" title="Willie Mays and the Say-Hey Kid">
Willie Mays and the Say-Hey Kid

Willie Mays and the Say-Hey Kid is a 1972 American traditional animated comedy film produced by Rankin/Bass Productions. The special aired on October 14, 1972 as part of "The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie".

A guardian angel agrees to help Willie Mays win the National League Pennant if he agrees to take care of an orphan girl.



</doc>
<doc id="43312292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43312292" title="The Right of the People">
The Right of the People

The Right of the People is a 1986 made-for-TV crime drama movie starring Michael Ontkean, Billy Dee Williams, Jane Kaczmarek, Jamie Smith Jackson and Lisa Jakub, with special guest John Randolph. It debuted on ABC on January 13, 1986. The movie, originally intended as a feature film, was written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom. He wrote the script in outrage over the mass murder during the robbery of a Los Angeles Bob's Big Boy restaurant in 1980. At the network's request, Bloom revised his original script to increase anti-gun viewpoints in the story.

Christopher Wells is a District Attorney, in fictional St. Lawrence, Kansas. One evening, his wife, Angela, and daughter Katie, are among several people shot to death in a robbery by two ex-cons. Wells, previously opposed to handguns, then pushes for mass arming of his town's citizens for self defense, while his best friend, police officer Mike Trainor, and Angela's friend Alicia remain opposed. Nonetheless, Wells' proposal passes and the movie explores Bloom's visions of an armed public.


</doc>
<doc id="43313920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43313920" title="The Captain from Köpenick (1945 film)">
The Captain from Köpenick (1945 film)

The Captain from Köpenick, also known as I Was a Criminal and Passport to Heaven, is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Richard Oswald and based upon the play "The Captain of Köpenick" by Carl Zuckmayer and Albright Joseph. The play was based on the true story of Wilhelm Voigt, a German ex-convict who masqueraded as a Prussian military officer in 1906 and became famous as the Captain of Köpenick.

"The Captain from Köpenick" was Oswald's second film version of the story; the first was a 1931 German film also called "The Captain from Köpenick". In the intervening years Oswald had fled Nazi Germany for France, then the United States; this was his first American film. It was completed in 1941, but due to difficulty finding a distributor, it was not released until 1945.

Shoemaker Wilhelm Voigt is released from prison after many years of hard labor. His freedom is new to him and, as he tries to navigate this strange new world, he promptly finds himself in the midst of a Prussian catch-22: To get a residence permit (passport), he must have a job, but he can only get a job if he has a residence permit. No one in the Prussian-German bureaucracy feels compelled to help him: everything must go by the book. Out of desperation, Voigt breaks into a police station to forge the much-needed permit and escape the vicious circle.

Unfortunately, Voigt is caught and again has to spend many more years behind bars. The prison's warden subjects the prisoners to the whims of his militarism. The warden loves everything military and has the prisoners re-enact famous battles. When Voigt is released, he still doesn't have his permit, but now he has a deep knowledge of military uniforms, military ranks and military speak that he can use to his advantage. In Berlin he buys and wears a used captain's uniform, then marches towards a platoon of soldiers standing guard and commands them to immediately follow him to Köpenick, a suburb of Berlin. He is so convincing that they actually do! When they arrive, he has the soldiers stage a coup-like takeover of the Town Hall so he can commandeer his much sought-after permit, but is informed by the staff the permits are now only issued in Berlin. After he pockets all of the cash in the municipal treasury, he orders his soldiers to take the train back to their original posts in Berlin and then absconds with the cash.

When Voigt sees wanted posters offering a reward for the capture of the perpetrator of the Koepenick Caper, he goes to the Chief of Police, confesses and returns all the money. The police in the station all erupt in fits of laughter, offer him drinks and congratulate him for the best practical joke they have ever heard of. Voigt is now famous and even the Kaiser wants to hear his story.


The American Film Institute quotes "PM's Weekly" as citing the budget at $350,000.

The "Charleston Daily Mail" reported that "The Captain Of Koepenick" is in production a second time, but although "Oswald is attempting to make the film exactly as before ... now none of his German comics can open their mouths without uttering something with a political meaning. They say what they said in 1931, but their every utterance is fraught with ideals. Still, Albert Bassermann plays a captain in uniform magnificently. John Hall is producing the picture and it better be good. Else John Hall, himself, in person, stands to lose a sizeable chunk of his money. So do Messrs. Bassermann, Oswald, et al." ... "You may never see "The Captain Of Koepenick", but we hope it's good enough that you will. The manufacturers compose a brave crew."

In his biography of Oswald, Kay Weniger recalled Oswald's problems with shooting good movies in Hollywood: "Of all his films, only his barely screened "I Was a Criminal" (the U.S. version of his "The Captain from Köpenick"), with an excellent performance by Albert Bassermann in the leading role, is of any relevance. As U.S. audiences had a hard time relating to themes of Prussian militarism, subservience and lack of democracy, the film went without a distributior for many years and only premiered at the beginning of 1945".

"The Captain from Koepenick" was screened at the Syracuse Cinefest on 14 March 2013 as "Passport to Heaven".

Jan Christopher Horak wrote: "The film is a remarkable achievement for the Director. The Berlin architecture was rendered via documentary footage and studio sets, and the camera uses movement through light and shadow to bring the symbols of power again and again into the picture: In one setting, shadows transform the omnipresent image of the emperor into a portrait of the Führer. Alas, the story of a simple shoemaker [...] up against the Prussian mentality of authoritarian militarism and bureaucratic obedience, the desperation of the permitless worker rejected over and over, all these were foreign to pre-war America in 1941. [...] Unlike Max Adalbert (1931) and Heinz Rühmann (1956) who played the shoemaker as the "little guy", ... Bassermann is angry, always rebelling and defying the powers that be, channelling his own experience as a Nazi exile: A powerful performance, making this film perhaps the most German of all exile films.“




</doc>
<doc id="43315439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43315439" title="The Mikado (1967 film)">
The Mikado (1967 film)

The Mikado is a 1967 British musical film adaptation of Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera of the same name. The film was directed by Stuart Burge and was a slightly edited adaptation of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company's production of "The Mikado" and used all D'Oyly Carte singers.


The 1966 production of "The Mikado" by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company was adapted by the director Stuart Burge, who had previously adapted films based on such theatre productions as "Uncle Vanya" (1963) and Laurence Olivier's National Theatre version of "Othello" (1965). The direction of the film closely reflects the D'Oyly Carte staging of the time by Anthony Besch, although there are some cuts.

"The Mikado" was filmed at the Golders Green Hippodrome on enlarged stage sets in the same way that Burge had filmed "Othello". It starred John Reed, Kenneth Sandford, Valerie Masterson, Philip Potter, Donald Adams, Christene Palmer and Peggy Ann Jones in their usual roles with D'Oyly Carte, and used the D'Oyly Carte chorus. The City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra was conducted by D'Oyly Carte's longstanding conductor, Isidore Godfrey. Set design and decoration were by Disley Jones and Peter Howitt. With one exception the costumes were by Charles Ricketts, first seen in D'Oyly Carte stage productions in 1926 and retained by subsequent D'Oyly Carte designers. The first of Nanki-Poo's two costumes was by Jones.

"The Mikado" was released in the United States on 15 March 1967. The British premiere was at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in London, on 17 July 1967. The film has been released on DVD in Britain and the US.

In "The Illustrated London News" Alan Dent commented that the film confirmed his growing view that opera – particularly comic opera – could not be satisfactorily filmed: "I miss the theatre, the laughter … the interruptions of applause, even the encores". "The New York Times" criticised the filming technique and the orchestra and noted, "Knowing how fine this cast can be in its proper medium, one regrets the impression this "Mikado" will make on those not fortunate enough to have watched the company in the flesh. The cameras have captured everything about the company's acting except its magic." A reviewer of the video commented in 2009, "the performance is extremely flat. One senses that the cast, lacking a live audience to interact with, are merely going through the motions." In 2017 the BBC's reviewer in a comparative survey of all available recordings of "The Mikado" chose the DVD of the 1966 film in preference to all other recordings except for Sir Charles Mackerras's 1992 CD version, calling the D'Oyly Carte set "a tribute to a fine theatrical tradition caught at its most appealing".




</doc>
<doc id="43315739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43315739" title="Doors Open (film)">
Doors Open (film)

Doors Open is a 2012 Scottish thriller heist film directed by Marc Evans, starring Douglas Henshall, Stephen Fry, Lenora Crichlow and Kenneth Collard. It is based on the novel of the same name by Ian Rankin, about a self-made millionaire, an art professor and a banker, who come together to undertake an audacious art heist. The film was commissioned by ITV and produced by Stephen Fry's Sprout Pictures production company. It was officially released on 26 December 2012 in the UK.

After an evening’s drinking with Professor Gissing (Fry), an art expert, and banker Allan Cruickshank (Collard), self-made millionaire Mike McKenzie (Henshall) and his friends dream up a plot to rip-off one of the most high-profile targets in the country – Edinburgh’s private art collection owned by a national bank. 


Filming began on 23 April 2012 in Edinburgh. Parts of the film were also shot on the coast of the Scottish Borders and Garvald, East Lothian, with saleroom scenes shot at Edinburgh auction house, Lyon & Turnbull.


</doc>
<doc id="43316380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43316380" title="Downhill (2014 film)">
Downhill (2014 film)

Downhill is a British comedy film directed by James Rouse and written by Torben Betts about four old friends who reunite to walk the Coast to Coast Walk. It stars Richard Lumsden, Karl Theobald, Jeremy Swift and Ned Dennehy. It was produced by Benji Howell and is noted for its "innovative" release strategy. The film premiered at Zeffirellis, Ambleside, Cumbria. A restaurant and cinema complex in the heart of the English Lake District.

At his kitchen table, in front of his teenage son Luke (Rupert Simonian) and his hand-held camera, Gordon (Richard Lumsden) explains the mission – to walk Alfred Wainwright’s epic Coast-to-Coast Walk – starting at St Bees and finishing 192 miles on at Robin Hood's Bay. As he discusses the gruelling hike he is about to attempt, his wife jests that it’s, "just an excuse for a massive piss up!"

After consulting his maps, Gordon rounds up the mismatched troop. A team which consists of best friend Keith (Karl Theobald), who hopes this trail of discovery can help him alleviate his burdened mind, and old school friends Steve (Jeremy Swift), a physically under-prepared school teacher, and Julian (Ned Dennehy), the troublesome and troubled wild-card.

As the journey unfolds and the alcohol flows, we discover not only why this incompatible bunch have not caught up for decades, but also about the trials and tribulations of entering the mid-life – whether it be money problems, hidden secrets, loss of identity, addiction or just general disillusionment.

Julian's rebellious side continues to mock and thwart even the best of Gordon's meticulous plans, as they battle not only their personal crises and hangovers but also the seemingly unattainable journey and the struggle to sustain their frayed friendship.

When the group crosses paths with two attractive, younger female travellers, who are attempting the same walk, another challenge is set and their friendship is seemingly pushed to the point of no return.

During the journey, each character indulges in a cathartic release in an attempt to unburden themselves from their own demons. We come to realise, this journey is not only important for the original instigators, Keith and Gordon, but it bears a unique significance to each of the foursome.


The project first started as a seed idea the producer, Benji Howell, had been working on, based around the idea of "a road movie on foot".

"I really wanted to make a film that was uncompromised by industry demands such as name actors for lead roles. It therefore had to be an idea that could be shot on a very low budget and at the same time not compromised by the size of that budget", says Howell.

During this process, Howell was also making television commercials with the director, James Rouse. The pair begun talking about the idea and both decided it would be a great feature project on which they could collaborate.

Howell and Rouse put together a story outline and roughly sketched character breakdowns and then began the search for a writer. They settled on Torben Betts, a playwright who is particularly interested in character driven pieces. Betts, a former actor, also takes on a cameo role as The Helpful Walker.

Rouse and Howell both financed the development then kick started the finance of the production budget. At the same time they approached Alex Melman, a DOP whom they had worked with extensively in commercials and asked him if he would like to shoot the film. He accepted, but also offered to come on board as a financier and executive producer.

It was an interesting proposition for Melman, whose debut feature was The Libertine (2004 film) starring Johnny Depp. As the film is shot from the perspective of a rarely seen ‘Luke’ it offered him the chance as cameraman to play a character.

The rest of the finance for the film came together very swiftly. The editor Bill Smedley and his co directors at Work Post came on board as executive producers. As did Robert Campbell, whose production company, Outsider, housed the project. Two further executive producers, Tom Shutes and Elli Gharbi, completed the finance.

The shoot took place in June 2012 – at that time the wettest June on record. At an early stage, they had decided to shoot in sequence and keep as close to the Coast-to-Coast Walk route as was possible, travelling west to east across the country, so the extreme weather conditions created havoc with the schedule. However, principal photography was completed three and a half weeks later.

In September that year, they went back to re-shoot some scenes that were needed due to the amount of rain-sodden rushes that they were dealing with in the edit as well as shooting a few additional scenes.

Editing and postproduction took place throughout 2013 in conjunction with Rouse and Howell continuing their work in commercials. They utilised their working relationships with postproduction company MPC and sound house Factory to finish the film.

The critical reception has been positive, with review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes giving it a rating of 89% based on 9 reviews, with an average score of 6.62/10. As has the audience response, with review aggregator IMDb currently scoring 8.2.

Peter Bradshaw reviewed the film for "The Guardian" in his weekly round-up of cinema releases, where he said, "I liked it very much, likeable and funny, excellent turn from Ned Dennehy." Downhill also received four star print reviews from The Independent, Daily Mail and The Times. It also had a plethora of other positive reviews, including Radio Times, Empire (film magazine), Total Film, and Richard Kline, as well as endorsement from Stephen Fry.

Downhill reached number 1 in the iTunes film chart 'Independent Film' category and number 6 in the general iTunes charts on its week of release.



</doc>
<doc id="43316656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43316656" title="The Three Stooges (2000 film)">
The Three Stooges (2000 film)

The Three Stooges is an American biographical television film about the slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges directed by James Frawley. This television film was entirely shot in Sydney, Australia. It was broadcast on ABC on April 24, 2000.

The film is a biography of the Three Stooges following their careers and rise to fame as shown through the eyes of their leader, Moe Howard. This movie breaks away from the traditionally humorous Three Stooges format and has more of a serious undertone throughout. 

The film opens in 1959 with an aging Moe Howard running errands for his former agent Harry Romm on the studio lot at Columbia Pictures. A young television executive from Boston has traveled to L.A. to convince Moe and the Stooges to come back East and perform their act live in theatres and on television, but Moe is not interested. The film then flashes back to 1925, when comedian Ted Healy hires the Howard brothers for his vaudeville act. 

Healy offers to add Larry Fine to the act if he drops the fiddle playing from his routine. Healy pockets most of the money, which doesn't sit well with the others. The three men decide on a trademark of each having distinct hairstyles: Moe with a bowl cut, Larry with curly frizzy hair and Curly Howard (real name Jerome, also called “Babe” by his brothers) with a crew cut. (Shemp Howard would part his hair right down the middle.)

20th Century Fox produces "Soup to Nuts" with Healy and the Three Stooges, along with Shemp Howard and then offers Moe a seven year contract - without Ted. Healy interferes with the deal until Harry Cohn signs The Three Stooges to Columbia in 1934. Cohn sends the act to the short films department. Moe and Larry want to do feature films, but Cohn believes that a farce comedy team should only do shorts. The group completes 190 two-reel shorts from 1934 to 1957, released until 1959. Comical sound effects are added to accent physical acts such as a slap in the face, a punch in the stomach, a pull on the nose and a hammer to the head. Curly becomes famous for his high voice and other vocal sound riffs. The movie recreates many famous iconic Stooges scenes.

The biography also shows the personal dynamics of the comedy team. The wives of the players also have a role throughout the film. Moe assumes the role of leader, but to the point that Babe feels bullied. Babe says he has no problem with Moe picking on “Curly” for the act, but off stage they are still a family. Meanwhile, Larry frequently loses money as a result of his gambling.

Ted Healy, having parted with the team earlier in a bitter way, reappears later to shake hands with the group and announce that he is going to be a father. He dies later that night after a fight in his hotel at the young age of 41. Babe is injured and humiliated in a hotel lobby when some young adult fans recognize him as Curly and deliver a real poke to his eyes and a punch to his face. 

In 1946, Babe has a debilitating stroke while filming a scene. He is replaced by Shemp in the two-reel shorts until their respective deaths in 1952 and 1955. Curly's vacant role is taken over by Joe Besser for 1956 and 1957. Joe DeRita joins the troupe as “Curly Joe” in 1958. That same year, Moe & Larry report to work on the studio lot but are denied entry after learning that Harry Cohn has died of a heart attack and the short film department has been shut down.

Returning to 1959, the group discusses the proposal for the live theater show in Boston and eventually agree. To their surprise, they find new success with younger viewers through television and become one of the highest paid comedy acts in the country.


Among the shorts that were re-shot for the film are the following:

Steven Oxman of "Variety" wrote in a review that in the film who the Three Stooges were and why they were funny was lost in its exposition. He explained that "[sic] the film does cover a lot for a two-hour telepic. But it also chooses information over insight, exegesis over drama, never making a case along the way for what made the Stooges such a lasting phenomenon. The final dish in this crowded kitchen has lots of quality ingredients, but almost no flavor."


</doc>
<doc id="43317002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43317002" title="Hillsong: Let Hope Rise">
Hillsong: Let Hope Rise

Hillsong: Let Hope Rise is a 2016 American Christian documentary film on Hillsong United directed by Michael John Warren. The film was released on 16 September 2016, by Pure Flix Entertainment after several delays.

The film chronicles the unlikely rise to prominence of the Australia-based Christian band Hillsong United. Their music is so popular it is estimated that on any given Sunday, more than 50 million churchgoers around the world are singing their songs. The film follows an event that took place on 23 October 2014 at the Forum arena in Los Angeles with 17,000 people attending, and moments preceding the concert with the creation of new songs featured on "Empires" (2015).

Hillsong: Let Hope Rise - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released as the film's soundtrack on 12 August 2016 under Hillsong Music, Sparrow Records and Capitol Christian Music Group. The soundtrack features songs from Hillsong United, as well as Hillsong's Worship and Young & Free divisions.

Directed by Michael John Warren, the film was originally supposed be released by Warner Bros. during the 2015 Easter weekend. In March 2015, Relativity Media obtained the distribution rights and the film shifted to a 29 May release. In April, Relativity moved the film to 30 September 2015. However, after Relativity Media filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, the film was moved to an unknown release date. The film was later picked up by Pure Flix Entertainment and the film was released on 16 September 2016.

The film made $1.4 million from 816 theaters in its opening weekend, which was considered low, with "Deadline Hollywood" saying "we've seen [documentaries] make this much money on half the number of screens".

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 60%, based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 6.04/10. On Metacritic, the film received a weighted average score of 43 out of 100, based on six critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an overall positive score of 90%.

Nick Olszyk of "Catholic World Report" gave it his highest rating of five reels, saying it "renewed [my] courage to face my trails." He also said their performance of Oceans was "as good as anything by Bach, Handel, or the great anonymous monastics of the Middle Ages."



</doc>
<doc id="43318102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43318102" title="Clinton and Nadine">
Clinton and Nadine

Clinton and Nadine (also known as "Blood Money") is an American TV movie broadcast on HBO on May 28, 1988.

Clinton (Andy Garcia) enlists the aid of Nadine (Ellen Barkin), an expensive call girl, to find his brother's murderer. Clinton and Nadine get sucked into a plot to smuggle guns to the Contra forces in Nicaragua.



</doc>
<doc id="43318396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43318396" title="Buzzard (film)">
Buzzard (film)

Buzzard is a 2014 American independent film written and directed by Joel Potrykus, starring Joshua Burge as Marty Jackitansky. 

A black comedy and paranoia nightmare, the film follows angry mortgage temp Marty as he cooks up small scams against the hated corporate world he's stuck in. Frustrated by the boring nature of his work and the low pay, Marty uses his low level crime as an outlet to rebel. Among his regular scams are going to banks and repeatedly opening new checking accounts to get free deposits, as well as taking items from his job and taking them to a local office supplies store for fraudulent refunds. One day on the job at First National Bank, Marty swipes a stack of refund checks from the company, then forges the payees' signatures to sign several of the checks over to himself. Later Marty's boss, Carol, tells him that the company receives images of the checks when they are cashed and can see who is cashing them. Fearing his scheme will be discovered, Marty goes into hiding at his co-worker Derek's basement.

While in hiding, Marty wastes his days playing video games, goofing off with Derek and sucking down Mountain Dew and frozen pizzas. He also starts crafting a weapon made out of steak knives and a Nintendo Power Glove inspired by Freddy Krueger's bladed glove from the Nightmare on Elm Street movies. Derek tells Carol that Marty is sick and can't come into work, but bungles the lie and Marty soon begins to think Carol is close to discovering what happened to the checks. Marty starts to run low on cash, and on a trip to the convenience store at Derek's behest the cashier cheats him out of five dollars, with security cameras capturing Marty trashing a store display in response. 

Fearing someone will discover him based on the tape, Marty hops a bus to Detroit, bringing along his modified Nintendo Power Glove. He uses up most of his remaining money when he stays at a hotel and orders room service. In the bathroom, Marty tends to a cut he got on his hand at work before running away and discovers that the cut has become badly infected. Needing somewhere else to stay, Marty goes to a cheap motel for a night and illegally copies his room key. After checking out he breaks into the hotel to sleep, only to be discovered in the morning by a maid. The hotel manager confronts him and tries to call the police, but Marty threatens him with the glove and runs off. Marty tries to cash his remaining stolen checks at an ATM, but discovers that his account has been shut down. He then goes to a payday loan provider to attempt to cash the checks, but the owner finds the transaction suspicious and accuses Marty of fraud. The owner, having caught Marty on security camera and identified him using his drivers license, calls the police and tries to keep Marty in a back room. Marty slashes the owner in the face and neck with the glove to once again escape, and leaves the owner lying on the floor bleeding profusely.

Marty speaks on the phone with Derek and discovers that Carol has been fired. Believing this means the company won't discover his check scheme, Marty starts ecstatically racing down the street. Eventually Marty comes to an electronics store window full of TV screens, in which he sees himself caught on camera. Disturbed by this, Marty runs off, with the center TV still capturing one last image of him as he flees.


"Buzzard" made its world premiere at SXSW in 2014, and its international premiere at the 2014 Locarno Film Festival. It received theatrical distribution in North America on March 6, 2015 through Oscilloscope Laboratories.

"Buzzard" has received generally favorable reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 87%, based on 45 reviews. Metacritic gave the film a rating of 77/100, based on 15 reviews.



</doc>
<doc id="43319295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43319295" title="Psychopathia Sexualis (film)">
Psychopathia Sexualis (film)

Psychopathia Sexualis is a 2006 American erotic drama film written and directed by Bret Wood. The film's vignettes are based on the sexual perversity study of the same name by Richard von Krafft-Ebing, who is portrayed in the film by Ted Manson.


"Psychopathia Sexualis" was shot in Atlanta, Georgia.

The film was given a limited release on June 8, 2006, opening in three North American theaters. It grossed $1,612 in its opening weekend, averaging $537 per theater, and, by the end of its four-week run, made $4,012.

The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 23% rating based on 13 critics, with an average rating of 4.4/10. On Metacritic, the film has an assigned 40/100 rating based on 10 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="43326577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43326577" title="The Sunshine Boys (1996 film)">
The Sunshine Boys (1996 film)

The Sunshine Boys is a 1996 American comedy television film directed by John Erman and based on the play of the same name by Neil Simon about two legendary (and cranky) comics brought together for a reunion and revival of their famous act. The film stars Woody Allen and Peter Falk as the comedy duo alongside Sarah Jessica Parker. It premiered on December 28, 1997, on "Hallmark Hall of Fame" on CBS.

Al Lewis and Willy Clark are two old comedians who were once a popular vaudeville comedy act known as "Lewis and Clark" and also called the Sunshine Boys. After 43 years together, they parted ways 11 years ago on unfriendly terms and have not spoken to each other since then. A reunion is planned for a major network special on the history of comedy.


In 1995, Simon adapted his play for a Hallmark Entertainment production. His teleplay updated the setting and made the two comedians the product of the early days of television, the medium in which the playwright got his start. Unlike the film adaptation, although they are portrayed as cantankerous, their animosity was not as severe as Matthau's and Burns' characters' bad relationship.

Woody Allen was originally asked to direct the 1975 film adaptation "The Sunshine Boys", but he was more interested in playing the role of Lewis and declined the offer. 20 years later he would be cast as Lewis in this television adaptation.


</doc>
<doc id="43335054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43335054" title="Roe vs. Wade (film)">
Roe vs. Wade (film)

Roe vs. Wade is a 1989 television film written by Alison Cross about the landmark 1973 United States Supreme Court decision "Roe v. Wade". It was directed by Gregory Hoblit and stars Holly Hunter and Amy Madigan.

Ellen Russell is a lonely, single, poorly educated Texan who finds herself pregnant with no means to support a child. To avoid giving up the child, she seeks an abortion. Denied an abortion in Texas, the young woman hires a novice lawyer to plead her case in the U.S. Supreme Court.


"Roe vs. Wade" was filmed on 35mm film with an aspect ratio of 1.33 : 1 and mixed in stereo.

The film first aired on NBC on May 15, 1989. It was the 10th most viewed primetime television show for the week, with a 17.0 Nielsen rating, and seen in an estimated 15.3 million homes.

The German TV broadcast was edited down from 100 to 91 minutes.


</doc>
<doc id="43335496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43335496" title="This World, Then the Fireworks">
This World, Then the Fireworks

This World, Then the Fireworks is a 1997 American crime drama film directed by Michael Oblowitz and starring Billy Zane, Gina Gershon and Sheryl Lee. The screenplay is based on a short story of the same name by Jim Thompson.

As children, Marty and Carol Lakewood, fraternal twins, witness a brutal murder involving their father. They grow up to become depraved and incestuous adults, living in Los Angeles in the mid-1950s.

Marty is a skillful journalist, but grows bored with every new job and is easily distracted. When he seduces a young police officer, Lois Archer, and discovers she owns a beach house, Marty sets out to double-cross her and make the property his own.

Carol is a heartless prostitute, willing to go to any lengths to con men out of their money, or make them pay in other ways. Powerless to stop them is Mrs. Lakewood, a weak-willed woman who suspects the terrible truth in her children's relationship, but knows no way to stop it.




</doc>
<doc id="43335949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43335949" title="Enemy (1990 film)">
Enemy (1990 film)

Enemy (also known as Fatal Mission) is a 1990 American action/adventure film directed by George Rowe and starring Peter Fonda, who also co-wrote the screenplay.

A CIA agent posing as a journalist (Peter Fonda) assassinates a North Vietnamese official then escapes into the jungle, where he comes across a beautiful female spy (Tia Carrere). At first they're enemies, but come to the realization that they must work together if they want to get out alive.


"Enemy" was filmed in the Philippines in 1988.


</doc>
<doc id="43336903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43336903" title="Divorce Invitation">
Divorce Invitation

Divorce Invitation is a 2012 American romantic comedy film directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy and co-written by Robert Naturman and Bala Rajasekharuni. It was produced by R. R. Venkat and co-produced by M S P Srinivas Reddy. The film is an American adaptation of the 1997 Telugu-language Indian film "Aahvaanam", also directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy. Upon release, the film received mixed reviews.

Mike Christian falls in love with a Jewish girl, Dylan. Her grandparents disapprove, but finally agree to their marriage after Mike converts to Judaism. Dylan's parents divorce has badly affected her and she comes up with a long prenup which Mike signs without reading. They honeymoon and return to the house the grandparents have bought for them. After four months of marriage Mike comes up with the idea of franchising the family business to make money, he is joined in this by his best pal Scotty. After putting together a business plan they approach a large business only to find the CEO is on her way to a golf/business week. Dylan takes out a new visa card to allow Mike to track the CEO down and broker the business deal, because this will make or a "happy husband". Mike tracks the CEO down and find she is actually Alex, the girl he was supposed to take to prom 13 years earlier and did not happen due to interference from her dad. The spark that was there before reignites and they start a relationship. Mike e-mails Dylan to ask for a divorce and immediately afterwards finds out she is pregnant. Dylan refuses the divorce. Following the prenup Dylan refuses the divorce. The prenup has a clause that a divorce can only happen with a formal divorce ceremony with everyone from the original wedding and the bride and groom in their original clothes. This has to be followed by a formal ceremony paid for by the person wanting a divorces. Also the person bringing the divorce has to explain the reasons.

Mike spends a lot of time organising the ceremony and getting people to attend. On the day he decides he loves Dylan and apologises to Alex and stays with his wife.


</doc>
<doc id="43337922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43337922" title="The Greyness of Autumn">
The Greyness of Autumn

The Greyness of Autumn is a short comedy film following the life of Danny McGuire, an ostrich living in Glasgow. The film was produced by Quick Off The Mark Productions and marked the directorial debut for Chris Quick.

Danny McGuire is an ostrich who works for a call centre selling loft insulation. His life seems to be relatively stable with a decent job and a girlfriend of many years. However, on the first day of autumn, Dannys life is turned upside down when he learns that his job is being outsourced to India. That very same night, his girlfriend tells him that she has met another man and is leaving him. Distraught by the events of the day, Danny turns to his flat mate Nelson (a cornflake eating monkey) at the local pub but their conversation is cut short when a fight breaks about between the pub landlord Barry and Nelson. Danny slips away unnoticed from the bar and heads home to drown his sorrows. Upon his way home, Danny unexpectedly walks into the path of a mugger who holds him at knifepoint demanding his shoes. Despite attempts to inform the mugger that he has no shoes, Danny is knocked out by a punch to the face.

After reflecting on recent events over a bottle of whiskey, Danny soon comes to realise that he can't escape the vicious cycle known as 'The Greyness of Autumn' and realises that society will never accept him for being different and that Danny could only be free if he ended his life.

The film was released on 28 December 2012 and had its first public screening in April 2013 at the Centre for Contemporary Arts in Glasgow where it was shown alongside "The Priest with Two Guns" by Rodney Reynolds. Both films coincidentally had Duncan Airlie James in the leading role.

Throughout 2013, the film appeared at a number of festivals in the United Kingdom including the Edinburgh Short Film Festival and the Deep Fried Film Festival. Internationally, the film was screened in various countries including the United States where it featured in the Big Little Comedy Festival. It was also shown at the Dublin Short Film & Music Festival in Ireland.

"The Greyness of Autumn" received highly positive reviews from critics. In the United Kingdom, MovieScramble said: The London Film Review and ScreenCritix both gave the film 4 out of 5 stars with Edmond Guy adding: 

Internationally, the film received high praise with Mark Bell of Film Threat in the United States saying: 

Canadian review site Pretty Clever Films wrote: 

In 2014, the film returned to the festival circuit appearing in the Southern Colorado Film Festival and the Portobello Film Festival. In November, the film screened at the Barossa Film Festival in South Australia. In 2015, the film returned to Australia for the People of Passion Festival where it picked up the Best Short Comedy accolade.

In 2013, the producers of the film considered a bid for the character Nelson to represent the United Kingdom at the 2014 edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. A support page was launched on Facebook but eventually no song materialised and the bid was abandoned.

On December 12, 2014, it was announced on the website of Quick Off The Mark Productions that writing had begun on a possible sequel to "The Greyness of Autumn" entitled "Autumn Never Dies". A crowd funding campaign was launched on Kickstarter on 17 August 2015 to raise funds for the production and lasted for 30 days. The campaign successfully raised £1,505 from 44 backers including former "Gamesmaster" host Dominik Diamond. The film is due for release in 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43338095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43338095" title="Top Dog (2014 film)">
Top Dog (2014 film)

Top Dog is a crime drama film directed by Martin Kemp and starring Leo Gregory, Vincent Regan and Ricci Harnett. It is based on the novel written by Dougie Brimson, who also penned the screenplay.

A hooligan boss Billy Evans (Leo Gregory) feuds with gangster Mickey (Ricci Harnett) over a backstreet protection racket and quickly finds himself out of his depth as events rapidly escalate and he finds that he has taken on far more than he can chew.


The film was released on DVD on 1 June 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="43342142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43342142" title="I-Lived">
I-Lived

i-Lived is a 2015 American horror thriller film written and directed by Franck Khalfoun. 

A young online app reviewer's latest assignment mysteriously improves his life but also starts to tear him apart, bringing his existence into a downward spiral.


Filming took place in Los Angeles, California in May 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="43343862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43343862" title="By the Sea (2015 film)">
By the Sea (2015 film)

By the Sea is a 2015 American romantic drama film written and directed by Angelina Jolie Pitt, and produced by and starring Jolie Pitt and Brad Pitt. Shot in August 2014 during Pitt and Jolie's honeymoon in Gozo, Malta, the film was released by Universal Pictures on November 13, 2015.

The film received mixed to negative reviews and was a box office bomb, grossing just $3.3 million against its $10 million budget.

In the 1960s, in France, an American couple, former dancer Vanessa and her husband Roland, a successful writer, have been married 14 years. They drive to a coastal hotel. Roland wants to write a story while staying there. The two are barely on speaking terms; Vanessa is withdrawn and grieving for an unknown reason. Roland appears to drink too much and seems unhappy that Vanessa is no longer interested in him sexually.

Roland becomes friendly with the local cafe owner, an older man still grieving his much-loved late wife, but who carries on, cheerfully accepting what life has given him. Vanessa watches a local fisherman who goes out every day on the outgoing tide and returns on the incoming one, catching few fish, but contented.

Vanessa and Roland strike up a friendship with an attractive young couple staying in the room next to them. Soon after, they discover that the wall between their two rooms has a disused radiator pipe hole, enabling them to watch the couple in their bedroom talking and having sex.

Gradually their experiences at the hotel enable Vanessa and Roland to start patching up their relationship. However, Vanessa attempts a liaison with the young husband in the next room, interrupted violently by Roland, who has been watching through the wall. He bruises the husband, who must later explain to his wife and does so truthfully, seriously damaging the relationship between the young couple. This also triggers a confrontation between Vanessa and Roland, during which he tells her that if she wishes to hurt him, she should just go ahead and hurt him physically. Roland asserts that her seduction of the husband was motivated by his wife's envy of the young couple - particularly of their ability to bear children. Roland physically restrains Vanessa against a wall and makes her speak of herself being barren which they haven't been able to talk about. After a short struggle, Vanessa breaks down and weeps for her loss. Later, Roland explains to the young wife that two miscarriages caused Vanessa's lasting grief, withdrawal and behavior toward her husband.

Having finally come to terms with their life together, Vanessa seems able to go on and Roland is able to finish writing a new book. It seems also that the young couple next door may be able to work their way through the episode as well, and come out stronger on the other side.

As Vanessa and Roland leave the hotel and drive away, they appear to be reconciled.


In May 2014, it was announced that Angelina Jolie Pitt would co-star with Brad Pitt in a film titled "By the Sea", to be written and directed by Jolie. "The Hollywood Reporter" speculated it would be a relationship drama that Jolie Pitt wrote several years ago, centering on a couple with issues who take a vacation in a last-ditch effort to save their marriage.

This was the first cinematic collaboration between the two since "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" (2005). Prime Minister Joseph Muscat of Malta confirmed the project, stating that it would be partially filmed at Mġarr ix-Xini.

Jolie Pitt has stated that the film "at its core, is about grief" further noting that the loss of her mother in 2007 caused a great deal of sadness for her. To that end, the movie resembles movies of the 1960s and '70s; Jolie Pitt stated that her mother "loved films of that period". Christian Berger is the cinematographer; he used mostly natural light throughout filming, while Jon Hutman is the production designer. Principal photography and production began on August 19, 2014, in Gozo, Malta, and ended on November 10, 2014.

In May 2015, the film was slated for a November 13, 2015 release.

Stills from the film were released on September 15, 2014. On August 6, 2015, a teaser trailer for the film was released.

"By the Sea" was released on DVD & Blu-ray in Australia and Germany on June 9, 2016, in the United Kingdom on June 20, 2016, and in Canada and the United States on July 5, 2016.

"By the Sea" opened theatrically in ten venues, earning $96,250, ranking number 38 in the domestic box office. As of December 10, the film has grossed $538,460 in the United States and Canada, and $2,796,467 overseas for a worldwide total of $3,334,927.

The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 34%, based on 135 reviews, with an average rating of 4.8/10. The site's consensus reads, ""By the Sea" may intrigue celebrity voyeurs or fans of a certain type of arthouse cinema, but for most viewers, its beauty won't be enough to offset its narrative inertia." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 44 out of 100, based on 35 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Justin Chang, Chief Film Critic for , said: ""By the Sea" always offers something to tickle the eye and ear, even as it leaves the heart and mind coolly unstirred."



</doc>
<doc id="43362797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43362797" title="Off the Dole">
Off the Dole

Off the Dole is a 1935 British film starring George Formby. Formby appeared as John Willie, a stage character originally developed by his father, George Formby, Sr.; Beryl Formby, Formby Jnr's wife, also appeared in the film.

John Willie has his dole money denied him for moonlighting and not trying to find work. His uncle asks him to take over his detective agency.


"Off the Dole" cost £3,000 to make, and earned £80,000 at the box office. As with Formy's previous film, "Boots! Boots!" (1934), the film was in a revue format, and also showed Formby in the role of John Willie; Beryl was his co-star. According to Formby's biographer, the cultural historian Jeffrey Richards, the two films "are an invaluable record of the pre-cinematic Formby at work".

Notes
References


</doc>
<doc id="43366342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43366342" title="Pasolini (film)">
Pasolini (film)

Pasolini is a 2014 English-language internationally co-produced drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and written by Maurizio Braucci about the final days of Italian film director Pier Paolo Pasolini. It was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice International Film Festival. It was also screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Pier Paolo Pasolini (Willem Dafoe) is fifty-three, and lives in the rowdy Rome of the 1970s. He has just finished shooting his latest film "Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom", a film that has shocked both critics and audiences. Pasolini is increasingly opposed by the people, critics and politicians, both for his homosexuality, and because he is considered impulsive and scandalous in showing his reality to the public. Pasolini is going to shoot a new film (which was never made), in which he cast Ninetto Davoli as the famous Italian actor Eduardo De Filippo and Riccardo Scamarcio as the young De Fillipo - with whom he has a special relationship. While Pasolini is working on the film, his mother (Adriana Asti) and his sister try to dissuade him from the project, because it would be too wild and visionary for the Italian public to accept.

Pasolini continues with his work, missing many interviews with journalists. He begins a relationship with a boy from the suburbs of Rome, Pino Pelosi, and takes him to a restaurant in the seaside village of Ostia. Pasolini wants to be with him in a loving relationship, but the boy gets mad at him, attacking him and some other companions. Pasolini is later beaten up, and then run over with his own car. In the days following, the press says Pasolini's murder was politically motivated by the police and those whom the poet had always loved and immortalized in his works.


According to Ferrara, his plans to make a film about Pasolini have gone far back as the 1990s. Originally, the project was not meant to have been an actual biopic of Pasolini's life. Instead, it was to have starred Zoë Tamerlis Lund as "a female director living the life that Pasolini lived." However, Lund's death prevented this idea.

On the review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 78% approval rating, based on 51 reviews, with a weighted average of 6.89/10. The website's consensus reads, ""Pasolini" may frustrate viewers seeking a straightforward biopic, but director Abel Ferrara's unconventional approach is well-matched by Willem Dafoe's performance." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 71 out of 100, based on 18 critics.



</doc>
<doc id="43367765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43367765" title="Temple of Art">
Temple of Art

Temple of Art is a documentary film created and directed by Allan Amato and Olga Nunes. The film follows over 50 artists' creative process and philosophies, asking each of them the question, “Why do you make art?”.

The artists and musicians include: Grant Morrison, Bill Sienkiewicz, Brian Thies, Barron Storey, Amanda Palmer, Neil Gaiman, Olga Nunes, David Mack, Dave McKean and others, each sharing their stories of their creations, influences and philosophies.

The film provides a look at the industry of art as it continues to change and evolve.

"Temple of Art" has been slated for international distribution on DVD.



</doc>
<doc id="43370717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43370717" title="Chinatown at Midnight">
Chinatown at Midnight

Chinatown at Midnight is a 1949 film noir crime film directed by Seymour Friedman and starring Hurd Hatfield.

After a jade vase is mentioned to him by Lisa Marcel, an interior designer, Clifford Ward steals it from a Chinatown shop. He shoots and kills shopkeeper Joe Wong, who triggered the burglar alarm, and when employee Betty Chang telephones for help, Ward shoots her as well.

Ward, fluent in Chinese, speaks to the police on the phone. Telephone operator Hazel Fong becomes the only hope police have of identifying the voice. Lisa sees a photo of the stolen vase in the newspaper and immediately suspects Ward, who then adds her to his murder victims. When he falls ill and phones a neighborhood pharmacy, the call is once again placed by Hazel, who recognizes his voice. Ward attempts to flee, but the police gun him down.


The SF Police Department pursues a serial killer on the loose in San Francisco's Chinatown.

In 2014, a pristine 35mm print of the film was struck from the Columbia Pictures archives and subsequently exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.



</doc>
<doc id="43371045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43371045" title="Compound Fracture (film)">
Compound Fracture (film)

Compound Fracture is a 2013 American supernatural thriller. Co-written and starring Tyler Mane ("Halloween"), the film also features veterans of the horror genre such as Derek Mears ("Friday the 13th") and Muse Watson ("I Know What You Did Last Summer").

Movie evolves around Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane) who is engaged to Juliette (Renae Geerlings), and both take care of teenager Brandon (Alex Saxon). The teenager is Michael's nephew, the son of his sister Chloe (Susan Angelo) who has died.

After a call from Michael and Chloe's father Gary (Muse Watson), the trio arrive to the family estate to meet him and learn that he has dementia and is losing his mind. Gary's new wife Annabelle (Leslie Easterbrook) takes care of him, but has decided to leave him because he was abusive and beat her.

Things turn dark after an obscure presence arrives with them and start chasing them. Odd accidents and curious wounds happen. Gary tries to warn them, but because of his dementia nobody believes him, and don't trust them. 
We learn that Michael had shot and killed William, his brother-in-law and Brandon's dad, after William stabbed Chloe when she attempted to leave him and move in with Michael and Juliette.
Gary is surprised to know that William's ghost is there because only those with Nordic mark carved on their skin for a passage ritual can stay linge in the place the ritual has been done.
Soon the group discovers that Chloe had carved the rune into her family years ago before William became abusive. Annabelle walks away from protection and is murdered by the ghost, with her niece.
A pair of cops who come to check the estate also are taken and savagely killed by ghost William, who is furious and seeking revenge against those who had taken his life.
A battle against William starts, as they try to undo the bond done by Chloe and banish him, once William breaks the spiritual defences in the house.
Gary does the only thing he think can do to fight him and takes his life, giving the opportunity to Michael to banish William.
After the bitter triumph the surviving trio leave the estate.


"Compound Fracture" was exclusively screened in Los Angeles on September 25, 2012. Throughout 2013, Mane and Geerlings embarked on a limited release and film festival tour in major cities across the United States and Canada, starting with Mane's hometown of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The film opened the Dark Matters Film Festival in Albuquerque, New Mexico and was the official selection at the Gold Coast International Film Festival.

"Compound Fracture" was released on DVD on May 13, 2014.

The film currently has an audience approval rating of 77% on the film review website, Rotten Tomatoes.

HorrorSociety.com gave the film 4.5 out of 5 'skulls' noting, "This film is ultimate proof that you do not need to have a major studio or millions of dollars behind you to make horror gold." Fangoria called the film "a solid first outing from Mane Entertainment, utilizing an excellent cast in a layered story of madness, knotted family roots, and supernatural revenge." 

Dread Central gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars, going on to say "These days, in a 'been there, seen that' genre world where there seems to be very few surprises left for us fans, Mane and his co-writer Geerlings deliver a fantastic little supernatural revenge tale that should keep the indie genre fans out there pleased." 

The film was awarded "Best of Festival" at the 2013 Hot Springs Horror Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="43371301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43371301" title="Tom and Jerry: The Lost Dragon">
Tom and Jerry: The Lost Dragon

Tom and Jerry: The Lost Dragon is a 2014 animated fantasy comedy direct-to-video film starring Tom and Jerry, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. Directed and produced by Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone, it premiered on July 27, 2014, at San Diego Comic-Con International. It is the first Tom and Jerry direct-to-video film to be distributed by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment in Japan. It was originally released digitally on August 19, 2014, to be followed by a DVD release on September 2, 2014.

The film begins showing wizard Kaldorf expelling a powerful witch named Drizelda from a village. Kaldorf allows Drizelda's niece Athena to stay. The elf villagers fear she will turn out like her aunt because she keeps vermin (Jerry) and has an affection for cats (Tom). The cat and mouse are babies and Athena is only a young barefoot girl.

The film fast forwards to Tom and Jerry chasing each other, as they usually do, and Athena takes care of many hurted animals, until the three happen to come across a mysterious glowing egg. What neither of them know is that this egg was stolen from a very large, fire-breathing dragon. In a short time, a baby dragon named Puffy hatches from this egg and believes that Tom is his mother, and the three take good care of him.

However, Puffy's real mother is angered that her baby is missing and wants him back, but before Tom, Jerry and Athena can even try to find her, Drizelda returns and captures Puffy, intending to use him for her own wicked plans—she is trying to steal his heat to become a super-dragon herself and destroy everything in the village. With the help of powerful allies and animal friends, Tom, Jerry and Athena must work together and fight tooth and claw to stop the witch and get Puffy back to his mother, eventually, Drizelda was turned into a statue, and the villagers, Tom, Jerry, Kaldorf and even Athena are having a happy singing party.


"" was released on June 23, 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="43371386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43371386" title="Scooby-Doo! Frankencreepy">
Scooby-Doo! Frankencreepy

Scooby-Doo! Frankencreepy is a 2014 direct-to-DVD animated comedy horror film, and the twenty-third film in the direct-to-video series of Scooby-Doo films. It premiered on July 27, 2014, at San Diego Comic-Con International, and was released on Digital HD on August 5, 2014. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 19, 2014.

Velma gets a call from Cuthbert Crawley, a lawyer for Velma's family who tells her that she's inherited her great uncle's property and castle in Transylvania. Velma turns the offer down, replying she wants nothing to do with her uncle, puzzling the gang. Mr. Crawley understands, revealing the curse over the estate. He says that if anyone gets too close to the Baron legacy, then what they love the most will be destroyed. As they head outside, Fred hears a noise from the Mystery Machine, then it explodes and a mysterious character with a mask appears. Crawley reveals that it's the ghost of the Baron, Velma's old ancestor. The remains of the machine explode again, with words saying stay away from Transylvania, but Fred declares that is where they're going to find the person responsible for destroying the Mystery Machine, saying this time "it's personal".

Having no other option, the gang ride in the express. Velma reveals the truth that her real last name is Von Dinkenstein, which her great grandparents shortened to Dinkley when they moved in from the old country. Her ancestor is Baron Von Dinkenstein, who was said to have created a monster called Frankencreep (which inspired famous novelist Mary Shelley to write her novel "Frankenstein"). Velma explains that this was the reason that she started solving mysteries. All of a sudden, the train starts to pick up speed. After getting everyone to the last car, Shaggy goes to the front of the train, but finds not the conductor but the Masked Baron's ghost, who states the curse is now affecting the gang just before he tears off the control panel, throws it and disappears. The gang still manage to save the last car, the people, and themselves just as the train derails and explodes. As they arrive in town, the people in the car are the inspector, burgermeister, and Iago, a hunchbacked servant of Castle Von Dinkenstein. He takes them to the castle, where they meet Mrs. Vanders, the housekeeper. They arrive in the Baron's laboratory and find Frankencreep in solid ice. Velma said she could prove that the monster was a fake and tells everyone else to leave. As the rest of the gang leave, Mrs. Vanders shows Velma a machine which hypnotizes her.

Strange things start happening when the gang goes to a village festival. Daphne is shocked to find her current size clothes are now too tight for her, as she has gained weight. Shaggy and Scooby suddenly become brave and courageous and are not hungry either, and Fred mourns his beloved Mystery Machine. Iago arrives and saves the gang, who are being threatened by the villagers, and he tells the gang Velma has gone insane.

When they return, Velma now has pink hair, new clothes, and has brought Frankencreep back to life. The villagers attempt to defend themselves and take down the monster, but Frankencreep scares them off. Daphne and Fred are still miserable by the losses and wander off to be alone, while Shaggy and Scooby, who are still brave, decide to capture Frankencreep themselves. Velma manages to knock out the monster and decides to remove Shaggy and Scooby's brains to put them in Frankencreep (stating the two of them together have one brain). Things start to get better, as Fred finds a workshop and builds a new mystery machine, Daphne finds that her dress is an inflatable suit with air and Frankencreep rips off Shaggy and Scooby's new outfits, turning them back to their old hungry and scared selves. When Frankencreep starts to chase them, it accidentally hits the lever of the machine that hypnotized Velma, bringing her back to normal. Iago appears and tells them that they need to leave the castle because it is about to explode. They manage to escape and fake their deaths.

They lure the burgermeister, inspector, gypsy, and Mrs. Vanders to the express train. They trap them in an express car as the train drives. Just as the mystery seems to be solved, Frankencreep reappears revealing to be a robot with Iago, who then reveals he's actually an undercover DOD agent named Shimidlap. He says that one of the exoskeletons the infantry of humans was stolen from their research labs and traced it to Transylvania. It's soon revealed that instead of a suspect, it was actually a conspiracy of revenge: the burgermeister, inspector, gypsy, and housekeeper were all in on this. The inspector is unmasked to be Cuthbert Crawley who is actually Cuthbert Crawls (the partner of Cosgood Creeps where they haunted a mansion as green ghosts in "A Night of Fright is No Delight" from "Scooby-Doo, Where Are You?"). The burgermeister is exposed by Velma to be C.L. Magnus (who posed as Redbeard's ghost), and then the gypsy reveals to be Lila (a singer who posed as one of Mamba Wamba's zombies). Finally, Mrs. Vanders is unmasked revealing to be Mama Mione (the cafe owner and criminal gang leader who dressed up as Old Iron Face). She reveals that Iron Face's mask was also the same mask as the baron's ghost had. The four criminals reveal that they planned on getting revenge and once they discover the history of Velma's ancestry, they bought the castle that was sitting on the natural gas which is explosive. Velma questions the villains on not selling the castle, revealing they could have made a huge fortune if they sold the land and they are shocked to learn this, as the Scooby gang laugh at this. They are soon arrested once again and the Mystery Machine is rebuilt and the gang takes off in it heading straight for home.

At the beginning of the end credits, AlexSuperFan2112 points out some of the plot holes of Mystery Inc's mystery. This gets the attention of the DOD who take him away and cut off his computer broadcast.



</doc>
<doc id="43374271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43374271" title="Operation Blue Jay">
Operation Blue Jay

Operation Blue Jay was the code name for the construction of Thule Air Base in Greenland. It started as a secret project, but was made public in September 1952.

"Operation Blue Jay" is a 1953 American short documentary film about the project. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. Master Sergeant Lester A. Marks was the sole cinematographer for this film when he worked for the US Signal Corps.



</doc>
<doc id="43375769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43375769" title="G-Men from Hell">
G-Men from Hell

G-Men from Hell (released on DVD as Michael Allred's G-Men from Hell) is a 2000 American comedy film directed by Christopher Coppola and written by Robert Cooper, Richard L. Albert, and Nicholas Johnson. It is based on Michael Allred's comic book series "Grafik Muzik" published by Caliber Press. It stars William Forsythe and Tate Donovan as two violent FBI agents who die, go to hell, and escape back to Earth, where they become embroiled in a mystery.

When corrupt FBI agents Dean Crept and Mike Mattress die, they are sent to hell, though they believe it must be an error. They escape by stealing a magical crystal from Satan that sends them back to Earth. Determined to buy their way into heaven, the two perform good deeds despite their ignorance of morality. They set up a private investigation business, and Greydon Lake and his wife, Gloria, both hire them to investigate the other. They attempt to solve the mystery of their own murders and evade the police, led by Lt. Langdon and Det. Dalton, who suspect them of killing their informant Buster. Meanwhile, Weenie Man, a shady informant also sent to hell, tells Satan about their escape; Satan gives the G-Men two days to complete their investigations and return his magic crystal. Along the way, they become involved with the plots of a mad scientist, Dr. Boifford, who resurrects Buster, and a superhero by the name of Cheetah Man.


Production began on October 24, 1999, in Los Angeles. It finished post-production in March 2000. Allred had no involvement in the film's production, though he appeared in a cameo.

A preview of "G-Men from Hell" screened at the 2000 San Diego Comic Con. Advanced Film released it in Germany, and Framework Entertainment released it on DVD in the US in 2002.

Dennis Harvey of "Variety" called it a goofy, nonsensical mystery that is somewhat entertaining. Nathan Rabin of "The A.V. Club" wrote, ""G-Men"s bare-bones production values are forgivable, but its lack of wit and creativity isn't." Rachel Morgan of "Film Threat" rated it 3.5/5 stars and wrote, "The film is super campy, but fun to watch." At DVD Talk, Earl Cressey rated it 2/5 stars and Bill Gibron rated it 1.5/5 stars; both called it boring and poorly acted. In "Fervid Filmmaking", author and filmmaker Mike Watt wrote that the film is "the epitome of a Kitchen Sink movie", in which a cult film throws in every bizarre idea they can imagine.



</doc>
<doc id="43385319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43385319" title="Hungry Hearts (2014 film)">
Hungry Hearts (2014 film)

Hungry Hearts is a 2014 Italian drama film directed by Saverio Costanzo. It was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice International Film Festival. At Venice, Adam Driver and Alba Rohrwacher won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively. It was also screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Jude (Adam Driver) is a gentle, pragmatic engineer living in New York City. Under awkward and unfortunate circumstances, he becomes trapped in a restaurant bathroom with Mina (Alba Rohrwacher), who works at the Italian embassy. Despite the uncomfortable and slightly humorous first encounter, Jude and Mina form a strong relationship and move in together.

A few months later, Mina wakes to a phone call from her employer. They notify her that she has been transferred and will be relocated to her native Italy in two months, separating her from Jude. Upon learning of the impending transfer, Jude is deeply upset, and later in the day initiates a sexual encounter. Against Mina’s wishes, Jude ejaculates inside of her, and Mina later discovers she is pregnant. Jude and Mina are married at a beachside cafe. After the reception, a man shoots a deer on the boardwalk outside. Mina is distraught after witnessing the unnecessary and careless death of an animal, and is bothered by recurring nightmares of the instance.

As the pregnancy begins, Mina fails to maintain a stable diet. At a friend’s art exhibit, Mina wanders outside to the patio and faints. She is taken to the hospital, where an ultrasound is performed and Mina and Jude are informed that their baby is not receiving adequate nutrients to grow. The couple return home, where Mina expresses a distrust of modern medicine. She decides to employ only alternative medicine, going so far as to visit a psychic who informs Mina that her fetus is an Indigo child. Trusting her maternal instincts, Jude does not initially intervene with Mina’s self-inflicted undernourishment and shunning of western treatment options.

Mina continues to undernourish herself and her unborn child, and when it is time for her to give birth, contractions do not begin due to her malnourishment. As the baby goes into distress, Jude takes Mina to the hospital where a c-section is performed against her wishes. The baby boy is weak and must begin his life inside an incubator. 

Seven months later, Mina has not allowed her son to be taken outside of the apartment. Over a growing obsession with purity and cleanliness, Mina does not allow outsiders to touch her baby without first washing their hands, requires all cell phones be left at the bottom of the entryway stairs, and keeps the infant to a vegan diet. She continues to renounce modern medicine. While Mina is gone, Jude takes the baby to a doctor who informs him that the baby is severely malnourished, and at risk of retarded growth or death. Jude returns home and confronts Mina about her parenting style. The rift between the two grows larger. Mina is horrified when she returns home to find Jude feeding their baby a meat product, and after an argument during which Jude slaps Mina, she agrees to allow Jude to take charge of feeding the baby.

After two weeks of following the prescribed diet, the baby has not gained any weight. Jude is suspicious of Mina, who takes the baby away after every meal. Jude discovers that Mina, gaunt and withered herself, has been feeding the baby an anti-nutrient oil, preventing him from absorbing food. Jude finds excuses throughout each day to take the infant outside and feed him in secret. While visiting, Jude’s mother becomes aware of the situation and urges Jude to take action. He visits a lawyer, who advises him to take the infant somewhere he can be safe, and obtains a court order prohibiting Mina from being the child’s primary caretaker.

While Mina is distracted, Jude gives the baby boy to his mother, who takes provisional care of him while Mina is meant to recuperate. Jude and Mina, now at seemingly irreparable odds with each other, visit their child on a frequent basis, and Jude’s mother grows further uncomfortable with Mina’s disturbing physical and mental state. During an unannounced visit, Mina attempts to forcibly take her child home with her, but Jude and his mother prevent this. In a brief struggle for the baby between Mina and Jude, Mina is knocked into a door frame, bruising and splitting her lip. Mina leaves the house in quiet frustration.

The following night Jude is woken by flashing lights outside of his mother’s house. He and his mother convene downstairs, where a police officer knocks on the door, informing Jude that he has been accused of battery. Mina appears from behind the officer, accompanied by other authorities, and takes their child back to New York City despite Jude and his mother’s desperate pleadings.

Mina takes the infant to the boardwalk where she and Jude were married, and the two spend the day quietly observing the ocean. 

In the night Mina wakes upon hearing someone enter the apartment. An unseen person enters the bedroom and stands face-to-face with Mina. The screen cuts to black as a gunshot sounds.

Jude is shown running down a street illuminated by police lights. He turns into a police station, urgently inquiring to the residing officers about the whereabouts of his son. The authorities hand Jude the baby. In the station, Jude sobs while holding his child. A police interview is shown revealing that Jude’s mother killed Mina to ensure the safety of her grandson, accepting the punishment she will receive as a result.

In the final scene, Jude and his son walk along the beach. The child, now healthy and of school age, holds his father’s hand.


Critical reception for "Hungry Hearts" has been mixed, and the film holds a rating of 61% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 28 reviews. It has a score of 44% on Metacritic.


</doc>
<doc id="43385678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43385678" title="Good Kill">
Good Kill

Good Kill is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Andrew Niccol. The film stars Ethan Hawke, Bruce Greenwood, Zoë Kravitz, Jake Abel, and January Jones. It competed for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice International Film Festival. It was also screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Major Thomas Egan is an officer with the U.S. Air Force stationed at an Air Force Base near Las Vegas, Nevada. He is a former F-16 Falcon pilot, married, with two children who live with him in a suburban house off-base. His current assignment involves flying armed MQ-9 Reaper drones in foreign air space in support of the U.S. War on Terror. He is admired by his commanding officer and support staff for his calm demeanor, precise flying, and adaptability. Privately, he is concerned about the assignment, which he took after being informed there was reduced call for and increased competition among fighter pilots in the Air Force. His previous CO informed him that a tour flying unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) would look good on his record and would increase his chances of being posted back to a flying assignment.

At first, the new assignment seems stressful but relatively benign. He is assigned to attack more clear-cut terrorist cells, vehicles, and facilities in Afghanistan. He flies these assignments during daylight hours over his targets, which is night-time in Las Vegas, leaving his days free for his sleep period, and to spend time with his wife and children. However, the high-tempo assignment – he is attacking targets on almost a daily basis – begins taking its toll. His wife notices the stress he's under and he begins drinking when off-duty.

Still, his performance is excellent and his crew is rated among the highest in the squadron, so, on the orders of his commanding officer, he is assigned to more challenging missions under the direction of CIA controllers. Many of these targets are in Yemen and Somalia, places where the U.S. has no acknowledged military mission. The targets themselves are increasingly morally ambiguous: crowds the CIA controller calls terrorist cells, public buildings the controller says are sleeping spots for high level terrorist leaders or factories for making explosives. Collateral damage goes from being a rare occurrence to a routine one. On several occasions, the CIA controller orders strikes on obvious civilian targets – including women and children – describing these casualties as unfortunate but necessitated by terrorist leaders using them as human shields.

Egan's performance declines and his drinking intensifies. He narrowly avoids being arrested for drunk driving, and starts avoiding home commitments, not wanting to inflict the stress he's under on his wife. He relishes a rare overwatch assignment protecting U.S. troops as they sleep, but must break a promise to his wife in order to perform the mission. On another overwatch mission, the troops are killed by an improvised explosive device that Egan could not protect them from. After a stress-induced violent episode at home, Egan's wife demands to know the details of Egan's work, and Egan tells her. She appears appalled. Soon after, she says she is leaving him and taking the children to Reno, Nevada, blaming his drinking and violent behavior.

Finally, Egan cracks. His CIA controller orders a strike on a small group of civilians responding to an explosion at a building Egan had previously destroyed. Rather than obey the order, Egan simulates a glitch in the UAV control system and the targets escape. His CO has no choice but to demote him away from the attack role into a surveillance one. While on a surveillance mission, Egan notices a man whom he had previously watched rape a woman several times approaching her home. His Mission Intelligence Coordinator had previously described this man as "a bad guy. But not "our" bad guy." Egan conspires to send his support staff on a break, then uses the surveillance UAV to attack and kill the rapist. He then leaves the base without orders and is seen driving away from Las Vegas toward Reno.


"Good Kill" received positive reviews. The film review website Metacritic surveyed and assessed 19 reviews as positive and 14 as mixed, with none being negative. It gave an aggregate score of 63 out of 100, which it said indicated "generally favorable reviews". The similar website Rotten Tomatoes surveyed and, categorizing the reviews as positive or negative, assessed 91 as positive and 30 as negative. Of the , it determined an average rating of 6.4 out of 10, with a 75% score. The consensus reads: "Thought-provoking, timely, and anchored by a strong performance from Ethan Hawke, "Good Kill" is a modern war movie with a troubled conscience."




</doc>
<doc id="43387467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43387467" title="Remember (2015 film)">
Remember (2015 film)

Remember is a 2015 drama-thriller film directed by Atom Egoyan and written by Benjamin August. Starring Christopher Plummer, Bruno Ganz, Jürgen Prochnow, Heinz Lieven, Henry Czerny, Dean Norris and Martin Landau, it was a co-production of Canada and Germany. The plot follows an elderly Holocaust survivor with dementia who sets out to kill a Nazi war criminal, and was inspired by August's consideration that there were fewer parts for senior actors in recent years.

After a screening at the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, it was theatrically released in Canada on October 23, 2015, in Germany on December 31, 2015, and in the United States by A24 on March 11, 2016. "Remember" received mostly positive reviews and won a few film festival awards. At the 4th Canadian Screen Awards, August received the Award for Best Original Screenplay and "Remember" was also nominated for Best Motion Picture.

In a New York City nursing home, Auschwitz concentration camp survivor Zev Guttman, an 89-year-old dementia patient, is sitting shiva for his wife, Ruth. Another elderly patient and fellow Auschwitz survivor, the incapacitated Max Rosenbaum, reminds Zev of what he promised to do when Ruth died. Max has continually reminded Zev that their families were murdered at the camp by the "Blockführer" Otto Wallisch, who was believed to have immigrated to North America under the false name Rudy Kurlander. The Simon Wiesenthal Center has located four Rudy Kurlanders, but there is no evidence to arrest any of them. Max reminds Zev that they are the only two who can still recognize Wallisch.

Max convinces Zev to avenge their families by seeking out and killing Wallisch and provides him written instructions to follow. Zev leaves the nursing home in a taxi and boards a train to Cleveland as a Silver Alert is issued for his disappearance. He has moments of confusion but he relies on the letter, which reminds him Ruth is dead, and Max arranges his travel. Max directs Zev to a gun shop, where he buys a Glock, and then to the four men in the U.S. and Canada named Rudy Kurlander, one of whom is the former "Blockführer".

Zev confronts the first Rudy Kurlander, a German veteran of World War II, in his home, but this Kurlander proves that he served in the North African Campaign under Erwin Rommel, and was never near Auschwitz. Zev finds the second Rudy Kurlander in a nursing home in Quebec, but he turns out to have been a prisoner in Auschwitz, sent there as a homosexual, which he proves by showing Zev his arm tattoo.

Zev travels to Boise and arrives at the house of the third Rudy Kurlander in Bruneau, Idaho. His son, John, an Idaho state trooper, tells Zev that his father died three months ago. John, who thinks Zev is an old friend of his father's from the war, shows him his father's Nazi memorabilia but reveals, after several glasses of whiskey, that his father was only a boy and a cook during the war. When John, who is a neo-Nazi, sees Zev's tattoo and realizes he is Jewish, he becomes enraged and lets loose his German shepherd, Eva. Zev shoots the dog and then John, collapses in exhaustion on John's bed and leaves the house in the morning.

In Reno, Nevada, Zev falls in the street and is taken to the hospital, which contacts his relieved son, who travels to Reno. After a young girl reads his letter to him, Zev leaves for South Lake Tahoe, California by taxi. He arrives at the home of the fourth Rudy Kurlander and his family, and recognizes him from his voice as the Auschwitz "Blockführer". Zev's son, who traced him through the taxi service, arrives to witness Zev threatening to shoot Rudy's granddaughter unless he confesses "the truth" to everyone. Rudy admits to his daughter and granddaughter that he was in the SS and killed "many" people. However, he says his real name is Kunibert Sturm — and Zev himself is Otto Wallisch. They were both "Blockführers", and after the war, tattooed each other to pose as Jewish survivors. Shocked, Zev shoots Sturm and then, declaring "I remember," fatally shoots himself.

Back in New York, the horrified nursing home residents watch television news reports of the murder/suicide. Max reveals that he recognized Zev as Wallisch when he arrived at the nursing home, and that Wallisch and Sturm killed his family. On Max's desk, a copy of his letter to Zev is shown along with a picture of Otto Wallisch and a handwritten confession by Max.

Benjamin August, a Jewish writer from New Jersey living in Los Angeles and who had never written a produced film before, told "Canadian Jewish News" that the concept of "Remember" "started... with wanting to write a movie starring an older man." He felt elderly actors received few leading parts and that old characters are sympathetic. August sent his screenplay in to Canadian producer Robert Lantos, who envisioned Egoyan as the ideal director.

On April 30, 2014, it was announced that the film would be directed by Egoyan, and would star Christopher Plummer, Martin Landau, Dean Norris, Bruno Ganz, Heinz Lieven, and Jürgen Prochnow. Egoyan said the film came at a time when the last of the Holocaust survivors and criminals were alive, and that trials underway in Germany also made the film timely. "Time" magazine specifically noted that the trial of Reinhold Hanning was in the news. The director claimed to find August's story unconventional and a "high-risk venture". Plummer, who was Egoyan's first and only choice for the part of Zev, stated he was also attracted to the project for its unconventional take to a historic subject.

Principal photography began on July 14, 2014, with scenes filmed in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario and northern Ontario. For the scene in which Zev kills John Kurlander, Egoyan intended to use a stunt double for Plummer, but Plummer demanded he perform the scene himself. Plummer later told CBC News, "For a moment, I was a little bit pissed off... Because it made me feel suddenly rather old." However, he admitted firing the gun "frightened" him because "they pack the kick of an elephant" and that he was "terrified" of the dog in the scene. Dean Norris said Plummer used this fear in his performance. The film had a $13 million budget.

On May 11, 2015, A24 Films acquired distribution rights to the film. "Remember" was screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival on September 10, 2015, where it received a 10-minute standing ovation, and also screened at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was released in Canada on October 23, 2015. The film was released on DirecTV Cinema in the United States on December 17, 2015. The film was originally scheduled to open in the U.S in a limited release on January 15, 2016, but was delayed until February 12. It was then delayed again until March 11, 2016.

According to "Box Office Mojo", the film grossed $1,184,564 in North America and $2,507,927 in other territories for a worldwide total of $3,692,491. The film made $800,000 in Canada, which was considered disappointing.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 71% based on 94 reviews, with an average rating of 6.41/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Remember" risks wandering into exploitative territory, but it's bolstered by some of Egoyan's best latter-day directing and a typically stellar performance from Christopher Plummer". Metacritic reports a score of 52 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Jeryl Brunner of "Parade" called it "one of the most powerful and unique Nazi revenge films to come around in a long time." Robbie Collin of "The Daily Telegraph" called the John Kurlander scene "supremely tense" and the film more appealing than Egoyan's last films. John Lasser of "IGN" wrote "One of the things Egoyan does brilliantly here is to not only offer the larger tale but to work in incredibly tense smaller moments as well," and praised Plummer for "an utterly heartbreaking performance." Tashauna Reid of CBC News wrote "Egoyan takes audiences on an intricate, thrilling ride, with a few surprises along the way," called Plummer's acting "riveting," and Martin Landau and Dean Norris "equally strong." Kate Taylor of "The Globe and Mail" wrote, ""Remember" is admirable– remarkably, it builds a drama of genuine suspense around the quest for vengeance of a forgetful 90-year-old– but it is also frustratingly limited in ways that can't really be discussed without revealing its surprise ending."

Jake Wilson of "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave a more mixed review, judging the film to have a "gimmicky script by newcomer Benjamin August that borrows heavily from Christopher Nolan's "Memento"." Michael Rechtshaffen of the "Los Angeles Times" also wrote ""Remember" benefits mightily from a quietly commanding Christopher Plummer performance that almost makes you forget the wonky plot logic." Richard Roeper panned the film as "bold but often ludicrous." Guy Lodge of "Variety" also disapproved, writing the film "puts a creditably sincere spin on material that is silly at best. At worst, tyro writer Benjamin August's screenplay is a crass attempt to fashion a "Memento"-style puzzle narrative from post-Holocaust trauma."

In January 2017, "The A.V. Club" posted an analysis of the scene where Zev meets the character John Kurlander. The review noted some surface-level similarities between Norris' work as John and his role as Hank Schrader on "Breaking Bad", but its main focus was on how events in 2016 and growing vocalization of white supremacists served to make the scene much more disturbing and realistic than it felt when the film premiered in 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="43387789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43387789" title="Ithaca (film)">
Ithaca (film)

Ithaca is a 2015 American drama film directed by Meg Ryan and written by Erik Jendresen. It is based on the 1943 novel "The Human Comedy" by William Saroyan. The film stars Alex Neustaedter, Jack Quaid, Meg Ryan, Sam Shepard, Hamish Linklater and Tom Hanks. The film was released on September 9, 2016, by Momentum Pictures.

In 1942, Homer Macauley (Alex Neustaedter) is a boy determined to be the best and fastest bicycle telegraph messenger of the small fictional town of Ithaca, CA. His older brother, Marcus (Jack Quaid), along with most of the young men of the town, has gone to serve in World War II, leaving the families worried. His father (Tom Hanks) has died recently in the war and the boy has to take care of his widowed mother (Meg Ryan), his older sister and his 4-year-old brother. Homer delivers letters that bring messages of love, wishes, pain, and death, hoping that one of them announces the return of his brother.


On January 29, 2014, it was announced Meg Ryan would direct "Ithaca", a film based on the 1943 novel "The Human Comedy" by William Saroyan, with Ryan, Sam Shepard, Hamish Linklater, and Ryan's son Jack Quaid starring in the film. On June 25, 2014, Tom Hanks joined the cast. Principal photography began on July 21, 2014, and ended on August 22, 2014. It was filmed in Petersburg, Virginia, and also some opening scenes of the film were shot on the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad.

The film premiered on October 23, 2015, at the Middleburg Film Festival. The film was released on September 9, 2016, by Momentum Pictures.

John Mellencamp, Ryan's boyfriend, wrote the entire score for the movie. "Not one note [in "Ithaca"] is anything other than Mellencamp. He did everything," Ryan said.

In a May 6, 2016 Q&A after a screening of the movie at Geena Davis' Bentonville Film Festival, Ryan said: "The music is so beautiful. John Mellencamp wrote every note – everything – the tiny little needle drops you hear in the back. He wrote about half of it after I read him the script, and then the next half after he saw the movie. He's just incredible."

In addition to the score, Mellencamp wrote two original songs for "Ithaca": "Sugar Hill Mountain" (sung by Carlene Carter) and "Seeing You Around" (sung by Leon Redbone). "Sugar Hill Mountain" is a fiddle-driven folk song that describes an idyllic location where there's "bubble gum and cigarette trees," no clocks, every day is spring, and anything you need is "gratis." Meanwhile, the piano-heavy "Seeing You Around" has the sound of a 1940s standard (the time period the movie takes place in) and is made all the more authentically '40s-sounding by Redbone's gruff, baritone vocals. Mellencamp's band provided the backing on both tracks and performed all the music that is in the movie.

Said Carter in 2015: "The way John Mellencamp and I met was he invited me to come and sing this song he had written for the movie that Meg Ryan has coming out called "Ithaca". That was when we became friends, when I went to Indiana and recorded with him and the guys this really cool song called 'Sugar Hill Mountain' that's in the movie. And the movie is wonderful. We got to see a rough cut of it and I was very impressed."

The film has a 13% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on fifteen reviews.



</doc>
<doc id="43389156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43389156" title="Burnt (film)">
Burnt (film)

Burnt is a 2015 American drama film directed by John Wells and written by Steven Knight, from a story by Michael Kalesniko. The film stars an ensemble cast including Bradley Cooper, Sienna Miller, Omar Sy, Daniel Brühl, Matthew Rhys, Riccardo Scamarcio, Alicia Vikander, Uma Thurman and Emma Thompson. The film was released on October 30, 2015, by The Weinstein Company.

Adam Jones (Bradley Cooper) was the chef at a high-class Parisian restaurant owned by his mentor Jean-Luc, until his drug use and temperamental behavior destroyed his career and the restaurant. In the aftermath, Adam went into self-imposed exile in New Orleans to sober up, planning to head to London to restart his career and attempt to earn a third Michelin star.

In London, Adam searches for old colleagues, beginning with his mentor's former maître d'hôtel, Tony Balerdi (Daniel Brühl), now a hotel manager of The Langham Hotel in London, under the ownership of the Balerdi family. Adam checks into one of The Langham's rooms then visits an old friend, Conti (Henry Goodman) and notes the talent of his sous-chef Helene (Sienna Miller), but she dislikes his arrogance and dismisses him immediately. A Paris colleague, Michel (Omar Sy), whose restaurant Adam had sabotaged out of jealousy tracks him down. After a brief fistfight, they talk and Michel forgives Adam then asks to work for him. Adam also visits a cutting-edge eatery run by Reece (Matthew Rhys), with whom he has a long-standing rivalry, and the visit ends poorly. Adam's former drug dealer realizes he has returned to Europe and attempts to collect Adam's outstanding debt. 

Adam convinces famed restaurant critic Simone (Uma Thurman) to dine at Tony's hotel. Tony realizes that Adam set this up and is reluctant to let him cook, but the condition the kitchen is in, which will result in Simone shutting his restaurant down, he allows Adam to cook, seeing no other way out. Simone's favorable review convinces Tony to renovate the hotel's kitchen and hire Adam as head chef permanently. He stipulates that Adam must submit to weekly drug tests with Tony's psychiatrist Dr. Rosshilde (Emma Thompson). Adam agrees to the tests, although he is disinterested in therapy and throws himself into preparations for the grand opening. Another old friend, Max (Riccardo Scamarcio), joins Adam's team after being released from prison. Helene rebuffs further job offers until her boss, Conti fires her and sends her to Adam's kitchen. Helene is irate about being fired, but Adam convinces her to work for him by tripling her salary. 

Opening night is a disaster, and Adam furiously closes early, blaming Helene. He publicly humiliates her, escalating from verbal to physical aggression, and she quits. Adam goes on a talk show that he previously turned down to drum up publicity for the restaurant. At his second opening, a restaurant critic gives a positive review, enraging Reece. Tony convinces Helene to return with a doubled salary and some insight about Adam's behavior. Adam improves his attitude, but refuses her request for time off for her daughter Lily's birthday. Later, he notices his kitchen acting in a strange manner. Helene reveals that her daughter is at the restaurant under Tony's supervision, since she did not want to spend her birthday at home. Adam is upset, but relents and bakes Lily a birthday cake, which impresses Helene. 

With the restaurant's reputation established, Adam sets his sights on a Michelin star, still avoiding his drug dealer, even after Tony offers to pay off his debt. Adam takes Helene to the reopening of Reece's restaurant. Adam and Reece are civil, but the night derails when Adam spots his ex-girlfriend Anne Marie (Alicia Vikander), the daughter of his mentor, Jean Luc. Adam finds Anne Marie surprisingly forgiving after he abandoned her in Paris and missed her father's funeral. The encounter leaves Adam shaken and introspective about his failure in Paris. Early the next morning, Helene finds him at the fish market where they kiss in the alley behind The Langham on the way back to the restaurant. They are interrupted by the drug dealer's thugs, who take Adam away. He returns that night during dinner service beaten and bruised. 

Kaitlin (Sarah Greene), the front of house host advises Tony that two Michelin reviewers have arrived, and he cooks for them rather than going to the hospital. They send their meals back as it's too spicy, and Michel reveals he sabotaged the sauce with cayenne pepper as revenge for Adam's past cruelty before walking out. On the verge of a breakdown, Adam leaves the restaurant.

He wanders the city, eventually arriving at Reece's restaurant drunk. Once inside, he begins to break down emotionally. Reece soothes him, and they part on better terms the following morning. Adam attends a group therapy session, then returns to the hotel, where he learns that Anne Marie has paid off his debt. She gives him her father's knives and tells him that she approves of Helene. Tony and Helene find Adam and tell him that the two men they thought were Michelin reviewers were actually just businessmen on a trip. Adam rejoices at the opportunity of a second chance, and he and Helene kiss.

Altered by his experiences, Adam changes the way he runs the kitchen. As a result of his improved attitude and teamwork, the restaurant receives its third Michelin star. At the end, he sits down to eat the family meal with the kitchen crew, who are his new family.

In 2013, John Wells was set to direct a cooking comedy film, eventually entitled "Burnt", with Bradley Cooper signed to star as a former Paris chef, Adam Jones. Sienna Miller signed as lead actress. Omar Sy, Jamie Dornan, Emma Thompson, Daniel Brühl, Alicia Vikander and Lily James were also set to star in the film. Dornan's appearance was later removed due to cuts and adjustments in the storyline and Lily James's role revealed to be a cameo. Dornan's scenes were added to the home release. The film was originally entitled "Chef", and re-titled "Adam Jones" on July 24, 2014, to avoid confusion with Jon Favreau's film "Chef". Uma Thurman joined the cast around this time. According to "Deadline Hollywood", as of July 28, 2014, Weinstein was calling the film "Untitled John Wells project", until they could decide on a better title. On August 7, 2014, Matthew Rhys was added to the cast, playing chef Jones' rival, Reece. On July 29, 2015, the film was re-titled "Burnt".

Principal photography on the film began July 23, 2014, in New Orleans, Louisiana, filming for two days. Production then moved to London and West London Film Studios.

On October 2, 2014, Nick Moore was hired for the film editing job. During editing of the film, Jamie Dornan's scenes were cut from the finished version.

The first poster, with the new title "Burnt", was released on August 7, 2015. Cooper introduced a sneak peek of the film on the "Today" show on August 10, 2015. The Weinstein Company released the teaser trailer on August 14, 2015. On September 21, 2015, the first international trailer was released. On September 28, 2015, producers released the first full-length trailer for the film and on October 29, 2015, released a clip featuring Vikander and Cooper online.

The film was scheduled to be released on October 2, 2015, but in July 2015, The Weinstein Company moved the release date to October 23, 2015. The plan then was to give the film a limited release on October 23, 2015, before a wide release on October 30, 2015. However, they cancelled the limited release plan and immediately released the film nationwide, on October 30, 2015.

"Burnt" grossed $13.7 million in North America and $23.0 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $36.6 million, against a budget of $20 million.

The film opened on October 30, 2015, alongside "Our Brand Is Crisis" and "Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse". In its opening weekend, the film was projected to gross $7–9 million from 3,003 theaters. However, it only ended up grossing $5 million, finishing sixth at the box office, and marking the second straight underperforming opener for Cooper, following "Aloha" ($9.7 million opening against its $37 million budget).

"Burnt" received negative reviews from critics, who praised Cooper's performance but derided the script and storytelling. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 28%, based on 155 reviews, with an average rating of 4.94/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Burnt" offers a few spoonfuls of compelling culinary drama, but they're lost in a watery goulash dominated by an unsavory main character and overdone clichés." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 42 out of 100, based on 28 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–" on an A+ to F scale.

Justin Chang of "Variety" praised Cooper's performance but was critical of the script: "Steven Knight’s script pours on the acid but holds the depth, forcing its fine actors (including Sienna Miller and Daniel Bruhl) to function less as an ensemble than as a motley sort of intervention group."



</doc>
<doc id="43396648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43396648" title="Naughty but Nice (1939 film)">
Naughty but Nice (1939 film)

Naughty but Nice is a 1939 Warner Bros. musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright, starring Dick Powell and Ann Sheridan and featuring Gale Page, Ronald Reagan, and Helen Broderick, with Allen Jenkins, ZaSu Pitts, and Maxie Rosenbloom in supporting roles. The original story and screenplay were written by Richard Macaulay and Jerry Wald, and the film includes songs with music by Harry Warren and lyrics by Johnny Mercer, as well as music adapted from Bach, Beethoven, Liszt, Mozart, Robert Schumann, and Wagner. Ann Sheridan did her own singing in the film, except for song "In a Moment of Weakness", in which she was dubbed by Vera Van.

Professor Donald Hardwick (Dick Powell), who lectures his students against swing music and jitterbugging, goes to New York City to get his symphony published, but accidentally writes a hit swing song ("Hooray for Spinach, Hooray for Milk") with the connivance of aspiring lyricist Linda McKay (Gale Page), which brings him into disrepute with the Dean of his college (Halliwell Hobbes). After the teetotaling professor accidentally gets drunk, Hardwick promises to stay in New York City for the summer and write songs with McKay, and they have three more hits.

Unfortunately, singer Zelda Manion (Ann Sheridan) exploits his talents to her own advantage by getting Hardwick drunk again, and tricking him into signing a contract with her publisher. His new lyricist, Joe Dirk (Allen Jenkins), gets Hardwick in trouble by copying a classical piece of music and signing Hardwick's name to it. At Hardwick's trial, his aunts (Helen Broderick, ZaSu Pitts, Vera Lewis and Elizabeth Dunne) convince the judge (Granville Bates), a songwriter himself, that the earlier melody was copied from an even earlier piece now in the public domain, and the judge throws the case out.


"Naughty but Nice" had the working titles of "Professor Steps Out" and "Always Leave Them Laughing".

After seven years and 37 films, singer Dick Powell was tired of being typecast at Warner Bros., so he refused to resign when his contract was up: "Naughty but Nice" was his last film for the studio, which responded by not releasing it. A year later they changed their minds when Ann Sheridan started to receive a great deal of publicity, and was labelled "The Ooomph Girl". To cash in on it, they belatedly released "Naughty but Nice", pushing Sheridan's billing over Powell's.



</doc>
<doc id="43397145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43397145" title="Disparaît, v">
Disparaît, v

Disparaît, v is a 2005 experimental science fiction film, directed by Andrei Severny. The film combines 16mm film with early digital video. Disparaît, v was part of the official selection at Milano Film Festival in 2005 and 2013, Avignon Film Festival, MECAL Film Festival and Kolkata Film Festival. It was distributed and screened in multiple theaters in Italy by Esterni re-distribution in 2005-2012. The film was shot on location in New York City.

Guided by a distant voice on the phone, Jack has less than twelve hours to make his way through the city before something drastic changes his whole life. The story of the final journey set in the urban environment resolves with Jack s girlfriend leading him to the mystery of complete disappearance from this world.



</doc>
<doc id="43397281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43397281" title="Tom on Mars">
Tom on Mars

Tom On Mars is a 2005 16mm black and white science fiction film directed by Andrei Severny and starring Laila Lemhadden, Russel Smith, and Peter DuPre. The seven-minute love-story of Tom and Maria is based on a number of real-life cases of dangerous psychological challenges experienced by astronauts during long space assignments or by researchers staying in remote areas such as Antarctica.

The film was part of the official selection at Festival de Nationen in Austria, International Science Film Festival in Hungary, Filmstock Film Festival in UK, West Chester Short Film Festival, Red Shift Film Festival and Festival of Cinema and Technology in the United States. The film was shot on location in New York City.

Tom is the astronaut who in 2049 goes on the second mission to Mars. Just a few days before the start of his mission he meets the love of his life - Maria. Going further away from Earth during his complex and risky space travel Tom starts to experience serious psychological difficulties. Close confinement, isolation and inability to remain in touch with Maria make him shut down communications with the mission control. The enduring test does not finish even upon his return from a 70 million-miles journey.



</doc>
<doc id="43401812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43401812" title="Barquero">
Barquero

Barquero is a 1970 American Western film directed by Gordon Douglas.
After stealing a shipment of silver and weapons, the brutal and unstable Remy and his band of mercenaries must cross a river in order to flee into Mexico. Travis, the maverick owner-operator of a barge that ferries people and goods across the river, learns that Remy and his band are on the way. Travis and his woman, Nola, transport the nearby settlement's inhabitants and a group of passing settlers to the river's far side. When Remy and his band arrive, Travis refuses to cross back to pick them up, knowing that Remy and his men will kill everyone else after they cross the river. A tense standoff develops between Remy and his gang, and Travis and the inhabitants and settlers, who occupy opposite sides of the river. Remy is advised by Marquette, a Frenchman he trusts. Travis is greatly assisted by Mountain Phil, a friend of his who is similarly independent-minded in the way he lives. Both Remy and Travis have to contend with dissenters within their own camps. It all explodes into a violent and bloody battle, leading to a final confrontation between the two.




</doc>
<doc id="43402637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43402637" title="Alimony (1917 film)">
Alimony (1917 film)

Alimony is a lost 1917 American silent drama film directed by Emmett J. Flynn and starring Lois Wilson. An unknown Rudolph Valentino has a role as a supporting player.

As described in a film magazine, Bernice Bristol Flint (Whittell), an attractive grass widow (a woman divorced or separated from her husband), associates herself intimately with a number of divorce attorneys who live well on their percentage from unscrupulously secured divorces carrying a large alimony. She is interested in young clubman Howard Turner (Fischer), who has not remained devoted to her during the period of her latest divorce. She is furious at his waning ardor and considers herself practically jilted as she plots revenge on him. She succeeds in interesting him in Marjorie (Wilson), a charming guest of hers, and soon brings about a marriage between the couple. Then, with the assistance of unprincipled lawyer Elijah Stone (Allardt), she separates the pair and begins to frame up a case against which no marital happiness could live. Many misunderstandings occur which make the couple miserable that cannot be explained. They continue to suffer until confederates of the divorcee and attorney turn state's evidence and the guilty man and woman are convicted. The bride and groom, greatly relieved, continue their honeymoon in peace and quiet.


"unbilled"

Like many American films of the time, "Alimony" was subject to cuts by city and state film censorship boards. For example, the Chicago Board of Censors cut a scene with a girl kicking her feet above the table.




</doc>
<doc id="43403960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43403960" title="The Dark Horse (2014 film)">
The Dark Horse (2014 film)

The Dark Horse is a 2014 New Zealand drama film written and directed by James Napier Robertson and starring Cliff Curtis and James Rolleston. It won Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Best Score at the 2014 New Zealand Film Awards, Best Film at the 2015 Seattle International Film Festival (SIFF), 2015 San Francisco International Film Festival (SFIFF) and 2015 Rotterdam International Film Festival (IFFR), was "New York Times" Critics' Pick and "Time" Magazine Critics' Pick, and was labeled by leading New Zealand critics as "One of the greatest New Zealand films ever made". It premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), and was created by production company Four Knights Film. The film was released theatrically in the U.S. by Broad Green Pictures on 1 April 2016.

The Dark Horse is based on the real-life story of Genesis Potini, a brilliant New Zealand chess player who suffered from severe bipolar disorder. The film begins with him walking down a street in the rain, before walking into an antique store and playing a chess game with himself. He has flashbacks of being taught chess by his older brother, and eventually is taken away by police officers to a hospital because of his mental state. He is released into the care of his brother Ariki, who allows him to sleep in his son's room. Upon hearing about a chess club run by his old chess buddy Noble Keelan, he goes around to his house early in the morning to ask to join. He is told he can only do so if he promises to not "rock the boat." Genesis meets the Eastern Knights Chess club in a shed where he learns that they only have one chess board, and the kids aren't particularly motivated. He introduces himself and discloses that he wants to lead them to the Junior National Championships in Auckland, something Noble is initially frustrated with Genesis about. Mana, Ariki's son, followed him to the club, and it is revealed that he will be patched into his father's Gang, the Vagrants, on his birthday. He is given over to Mutt to harden him up. Ariki, believing that Genesis could interfere with this process asks him to leave. Genesis begins sleeping on the monument on Kaiti Hill, and leading meetings at the Chess club, now held at the marae with new chess sets. Mana, though initially hostile towards Genesis begins to see him more regularly, and joins the chess club. Mana reveals that he has been abused and urinated on by Mutt as part of his gang initiation. He also has a V tattooed on his face. 

The mother of one of the members of Eastern Knights finds out that Genesis is homeless, and refuses to let her son participate, sending him into another mental breakdown. Sandy allows him to sleep at a friends house, and they all prepare to go to Auckland for the championship. Mana realizes he can't come as it is on the day that he'll be patched, and leaves angrily. Genesis attempts to reason with Ariki, but he refuses to let Mana leave. On the day they leave for Auckland, Genesis stops at the monument to pick up a distraught Mana, and says that Ariki has allowed him to come. They go to Auckland, and all the members of Eastern Knights lose their games apart from Michael and Mana. That night, Mana reveals that he knows Genesis lies about him having permission to come, but that Mana knows his father is dying. He ends up losing his match the next day, but Michael goes on to compete in the final. Genesis repeatedly calls out during the final, and has to be sent outside, but Michael ends up winning the final. Ariki arrives shortly after, and punches Genesis before he yells at Mana to get in the car. The Eastern Knights travel back to Gisborne, and Genesis is visibly upset. He goes over to his brother's to find his nephew, who is unconscious with a black eye. It is revealed that he has just been patched, and Mutt begins beating Genesis, but is stopped by Ariki. Genesis removes Mana's jacket, and they walk out together, being followed and verbally abused by Mutt. Other members of the Gang begin beating Mutt, and Genesis and Mana leave. The closing montage reveals that the Eastern Knights chess club is still being run, and that Genesis passed away in 2011. 


The character Curtis plays, Genesis, is inspired by real-life Gisborne speed chess player and coach Genesis Potini, who died in 2011. By teaching local youth to play chess, he hoped to give them a positive focus in life and dissuade them from getting involved in gangs and crime. Potini struggled with bipolar disorder, requiring frequent hospital stays. Potini had been the subject of a well received 2003 documentary film, "Dark Horse". At the request of director James Napier Robertson, Curtis gained close to 60 pounds in weight and stayed in character for the entirety of the shoot to play Genesis. Napier Robertson also had Curtis study chess with some of Potini's erstwhile friends, including FIDE Master Ewen Green.

"The Dark Horse" grossed $67,533 in the United States and Canada and $1.8 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $1.9 million, against a production budget of $2.1 million.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 97%, based on 62 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Led by an outstanding performance from Cliff Curtis, "The Dark Horse" tackles complex themes with a richly layered, unpredictable, and deeply affecting story." On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 77 out of 100, based on 20 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Upon its premiere as the Opening Night film of the New Zealand International Film Festival on 17 July 2014, "The Dark Horse" was declared by the "RNZ National Review" "One of the greatest New Zealand films ever made". The film went on to become a New Zealand box office hit, grossing $2 million and receiving unanimously strong reviews. The "New Zealand Herald" rated it 5 stars, calling it "a great, deeply affecting movie", praising the "brave, assured and layered directing" and the "towering performance of Cliff Curtis". It was released theatrically in Australia on 20 November 2014. "The Australian" called it "outstanding ... a Kiwi – and largely Maori – work of the highest artistic excellence"; the "Sydney Morning Herald" praised it as "possibly the best movie to come out of New Zealand since "Once Were Warriors" in 1994". It premiered internationally at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. "Variety" calling it "exceptional...the most deserving cinematic export to emerge from New Zealand in years", "The Hollywood Reporter" announcing it "certain to attract awards attention", and "Indiewire" grading it an 'A', praising it as "moving and incredibly humanistic." 



</doc>
<doc id="43404683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43404683" title="The Messenger (2015 British film)">
The Messenger (2015 British film)

The Messenger is a 2015 British supernatural mystery horror film directed by David Blair, written by Andrew Kirk and starring Robert Sheehan and Lily Cole.

After his father's death, a suicide by hanging, young Jack seemingly gains the ability to see and talk with souls who have not yet "gone into the light." As Jack grows older, these souls ask him to become their 'Messenger' and relay their final words to those still living. This usually ends badly; as more often than naught Jack's words, though honest, cause more misery and result in him getting kicked out of funerals or beaten up. Jack states time and time again that he isn't doing it out of the goodness of his heart, but in an effort to get rid of the souls haunting him, which doesn't happen until the task is completed.

It's shown through countless, intermediate flashbacks that, as a child, Jack had been in and out of psychiatric clinics and hospitals all through adulthood, and as of the present, has been skimping on his prescribed medication. This, along the fact that he constantly drinks, has his current soul companion, a high-profile reporter by the name of Mark,worrying that his message to his recently widowed wife, Sarah, won't be genuinely received. Mark discloses that he was jumped on his way home by hooded figures and killed, staged to look like a successful suicide. He convinces Jack to reach out to his wife and tell her goodbye, while also revealing the fact that he knows about the baby growing inside her; this causes Sarah to become distressed, as the baby isn't Mark's. Jack, frustrated at how he's made the situation worse again, is taken into custody in response to Sarah's call to the police.

Jack is taken to see a psychiatrist and is made to retell his story, eventually discovering that his father hadn't killed himself because of his mother, but that he was projecting his own bitterness and hatred for her. Seconds after he accepts help, Mark returns and insists that Jack help Sarah, who is attempting suicide by overdose. Jack initially refuses but relents when it becomes too much, eventually screaming hysterically for everyone to send help. He's sedated and taken away, though in the end, Jack's warnings stand true and the emergency response saved Sarah's life. Though the psychiatrist refutes the idea that his powers are real, saying that it's his mind trying to cope with his father's violent death, both the constable and Jack's sister, Emma, begin to believe in his powers. Afterwards Emma brings Jack a crystallized bug globe, a memento of their father, and Jack finally moves on from his father's death, crying and accepting help.

During the story it is discovered that Jack's nephew, Billy, also sees lost souls, but has never told anyone. He discloses that he's haunted by the ghost of a boy who drowned in his family's swimming pool. The story ends with the reappearance of Billy and the ghost, while, at the same time, Emma, in the midst of cleaning Jack's apartment, finds a newspaper clipping detailing the death of a boy in her swimming pool.


The film was shot in the United Kingdom, including the Peak District.

"The Messenger" premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival on 20 June 2015.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film received a 33% score.


</doc>
<doc id="43407351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43407351" title="Race (2016 film)">
Race (2016 film)

Race is a 2016 biographical sports drama film about African-American athlete Jesse Owens, who won a record-breaking four gold medals at the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games. Directed by Stephen Hopkins and written by Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse, the film stars Stephan James as Owens, and co-stars Jason Sudeikis, Jeremy Irons, William Hurt and Carice van Houten. It is a co-production of Canada, Germany and France.

Principal photography began on 24 July 2014, in Montreal, Canada. Forecast Pictures, Solofilms, and Trinity Race produced the film, supported by the Owens family, the Jesse Owens Foundation, the Jesse Owens Trust and the Luminary Group. It won four Canadian Screen Awards, including Best Actor for James.

Jesse Owens, a promising black American runner, attends Ohio State University, despite facing racial discrimination and slurs from the white athletes. He attracts the attention of coach Larry Snyder, who believes Owens has enormous potential but needs work on his form and technique. When Snyder suggests he is good enough to compete at the 1936 Berlin Olympic Games, Owens is interested, but hesitant because of racial propaganda in Nazi Germany. The U.S. Olympic Committee is already considering boycotting the Olympics over Germany's discriminatory policies, only agreeing to participate when Nazi official Joseph Goebbels gives personal assurances they will allow foreign athletes of any race to compete, as well as promising to rein in their propaganda.

As Owens struggles to support his girlfriend Ruth and young daughter, he takes a job at a service station, upsetting Snyder when his job conflicts with his commitment to train. When Snyder learns Owens has a family to support, he gets him a no-show job, allowing him to focus on running. Owens goes on to break several records, including some of Snyder's, and begins a relationship with a woman whose attentions he attracts with his newfound fame. When Ruth threatens him with a lawsuit, Owens becomes distracted and loses a race to runner Eulace Peacock. Owens decides to return to Ruth to reconcile, convincing her to marry him. As the Olympics draw closer, the NAACP asks him not to go to Berlin for political reasons. Owens is conflicted, but Peacock urges him to compete to defy Nazi racial ideology.

In Berlin, Owens wins his first gold medal in the 100 m dash, but when he is brought by International Olympic Committee member Avery Brundage to receive congratulations from Adolf Hitler, he is told the Chancellor has left the stadium early to avoid traffic.

Brundage warns Goebbels that Hitler must congratulate all winners or no winners, with Goebbels replying Hitler will not appear with "that".

Owens next qualifies for the broad jump after German rival Luz Long unexpectedly gives him tips on his technique. Owens wins another medal, and Luz publicly shakes his hand and joins him for a victory lap, privately expressing concern about national politics. Owens wins his fourth and final medal in the 4 x 100 m relay, filling in for two Jewish American athletes cut by Brundage, who is convinced by Goebbels to do so to avoid a scandal over a business arrangement Brundage entered with the Nazis before the games. Director Leni Riefenstahl films the event against Goebbels' orders, then asks Owens to repeat his medal-winning broad jump to get a few more shots for her next film, "Olympia".

John Boyega was initially set to star as Owens; however, he eventually dropped out to star in "". and was subsequently replaced by Stephan James. German and Canadian distribution was handled by Squareone Entertainment and Entertainment One with Focus Features handling the distribution in the United States.

Principal photography started on 24 July 2014, in Montreal, and on location at Olympic Stadium in Berlin.

On 1 October 2014, Focus Features originally set a release date for 8 April 2016. However, in August 2015, the release date was pushed up to 19 February 2016.

On February 15, an advanced screening was shown at Mershon Auditorium at Ohio State University, Owens' alma mater. Jesse Owens' two daughters and Stephan James were in attendance and addressed the crowd. The President of Ohio State, Michael V. Drake, also addressed the crowd and spoke briefly about Owens' global impact and life at Ohio State. It was released by Entertainment One in Canada, Focus Features in the United States on 19 February 2016, Eagle Pictures in Italy on 31 March 2016, and SquareOne Entertainment in Germany on 5 May 2016.

"Race" grossed $19.2 million in North America and $5.9 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $25.1 million.

In the United States and Canada, pre-release tracking suggested the film would gross $4–7 million from 2,369 theaters in its opening weekend, trailing fellow newcomer "Risen" ($7–12 million projection) but similar to "The Witch" ($5–7 million projection). It ended up grossing $7.4 million in its opening weekend, finishing in sixth at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 61% based on 151 reviews and an average rating of 6.14/10. The website's critical consensus reads: ""Race" is nowhere near as thrillingly fleet or agile as its subject, but the story—and a winning central performance from Stephan James—are enough to carry it over the finish line". Metacritic reports a score of 56 out of 100 based on 35 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.
"Race" received eight nominations, including Best Motion Picture, at the 5th Canadian Screen Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="43408541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43408541" title="The Marine 4: Moving Target">
The Marine 4: Moving Target

The Marine 4: Moving Target (also known as The Marine 4 and The Marine: Moving Target) is an American action film starring Mike "The Miz" Mizanin and Summer Rae. The film was directed by William Kaufman and it is the fourth installment in "The Marine" film series, and the second to include Mizanin. The film was released digitally on April 10, 2015 and released direct-to-DVD and Blu-ray on April 21, 2015.

Jake Carter (Mike Mizanin), a former U.S Marine, is now working at Hawthorne Global Security, a private security agency led by Robert Daniels (Craig Veroni). He and a few other men are waiting at the airport for the arrival of whistleblower Olivia "Liv" Tanis (Melissa Roxburgh), an IT engineer who used to work for Genesis Defense Corporation, one of the largest defense contractors of the United States. Liv's got intel on traitors inside Genesis and they've been hired by the Department of Justice to protect Liv until she takes official custody.

While they are en route for Liv's custody, their convoy is ambushed by a group of mercenaries hired by the corrupt military on Genesis, led by Simon Vogel (Josh Blacker). The mercenaries manage to kill Daniels and his men except for Jake, who takes Liv and manages to escape and outrun the mercenaries by stealing their car. The duo head to the safe house.

Once there, Liv grabs Jake's gun and says that she needs Jake's keys to go to the police station. Learning that one of the convoy might be a renegade, Jake is mistrusted because she doesn't know him but Jake asserts that if she goes alone, she will be ambushed. Jake convinces her that he is a former marine. Later, Nathan Miller (Roark Critchlow) and Ethan Smith (Matthew MacCaull), members of the Department of Justice, arrive at the safe house. Ethan suddenly shoots Nathan in the head after he tells the information of Simon Vogel and the incident. Ethan turns out to be working with Vogel. He then searches for Liv while putting Jake on gunpoint. Liv escapes the house as the alarm goes off, and Ethan is distracted, causing Jake and Ethan to fight. Whilst fighting, the group of mercenaries arrive at the house. Liv and Jake manage to outrun them using a boat.

After departing from the boat, they walk beside the stream, planning the next move. Liv still mistrusts Jake, so Jake states that the rebels will not stop until they manage to kill Liv. Still not convinced, Liv hits Jake on the head with a rock, knocking Jake out. Liv runs to the highway and hitchhikes a trailer truck to go to the nearest police station. Meanwhile, Jake recovers and follows the trail left by Liv. Jake sees a passing police car, which helps him locate the police station, where Liv is heading to.

At the police station, Liv complains that rebels are trying to kill her and is taken in custody. Shortly, Jake arrives at the police station and demands where she is. The police detective, Det. Paul Redman (Paul McGillion), who's trying to verify Jake's identity turns out to be talking to Ethan on the phone without knowledge of him working with the rebels, who tells him to keep Jake and Liv, both in custody till he arrives. The officers arrest both Jake and Liv. Ethan and the rebels arrive there. He goes inside the police station first, followed by an attack by the rebels, for which he was totally unprepared for. They then proceed to engage in a gunfight with the surviving officers. Jake and Liv obtain keys to the handcuffs from a dead officer. Jake then puts her somewhere safe and joins the gunfight. The four remaining officers including Redman are killed while trying to escape. The two manage to run from them but the rebels see them escape, ensuing a chase. The duo soon lose them, yet again.

Jake and Liv spend all night staying in the woods. The next morning, Jake calls Vogel on his phone upon their arriving at the woods. A shootout begins, killing most of the rebels including their sniper Dawes (Summer Rae) thanks to the assist of some traps made by Jake. In the ensuing chaos, Ethan holds Liv captive but the latter breaks free, allowing Jake and Ethan to fight. As Ethan gains the upper hand, Liv shoots him in the head. Suddenly, Vogel shoots Jake in the shoulder, temporarily stunning him. Unbeknownst to Vogel, Liv was able to find enough signal and finishes uploading the information of the corrupt military team to a dozen of news sites. Vogel then hits her. Jake, now recovered, tackles Vogel, snaps his neck, and kills him.

A few days later, Liv states that six members of the Genesis Defense Corporation are being indicted for treason and conspiracy. Liv gives a brand new tuxedo to Jake due to Jake losing his previous one earlier. Liv kisses Jake and boards the plane nearby. Jake watches as the plane flies away.


In February 2014, The Miz announced that he would reprise his role of Jake Carter in the third sequel to "The Marine" and would be co-starring with Summer Rae, who became the first ever WWE Diva to appear in a WWE Studios film. Filming started in April 2014 in Squamish, British Columbia and with principal photography ending in May 2014.

The fifth film "" was announced with Mizanin reprising his role of Jake Carter. The cast features Mizanin's wife Maryse Ouellet, Heath Slater, Curtis Axel, Bo Dallas, and Naomi.


</doc>
<doc id="43408698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43408698" title="Vendetta (2015 film)">
Vendetta (2015 film)

Vendetta is a vigilante action film directed by the Soska sisters starring Dean Cain, Big Show, and Michael Eklund. It is the first film in the "Action Six-Pack" series. The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on June 12, 2015.

When his wife is violently killed by a criminal that he put away, Mason, a hard-nosed detective, deliberately gets arrested to get revenge. While inside, Mason discovers a new criminal enterprise that those behind it would kill to protect.


Vendetta was filmed in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.

"Vendetta" was part of a six-film deal WWE Studios made with Lionsgate that will be releasing WWE's Action Six-Pack, a series of unconnected action films.

"Vendetta" received a limited theatrical release. It was released to theaters and Video on Demand on June 12, 2015.

"The Hollywood Reporter" described the film as "the sort of B-movie violent actioner that makes you feel your testosterone level rising as you watch it", while the "screenplay offers no surprises, mainly serving as a springboard for the endless series of fight scenes in which Cain demonstrates that he's become a serious movie badass." The Soska sisters "prove themselves quite proficient at staging the brutal skirmishes which inevitably lead to a climatic prison riot."


</doc>
<doc id="43409211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43409211" title="The Craigslist Killer (film)">
The Craigslist Killer (film)

The Craigslist Killer is a 2011 American crime drama television film directed by Stephen Kay, written by Donald Martin and Stephen Tolkin, and starring Jake McDorman, Agnes Bruckner, Kevin Kilner, and William Baldwin. It follows the dark, mysterious life of Philip Markoff.

The film, which debuted on January 3, 2011 on Lifetime, is based on the book "A Date with Death: The Secret Life of the Accused "Craigslist Killer"", written by Michele McPhee.

Philip Markoff (McDorman) prepares for a promising future as a doctor and a life of happiness with his fiancée, Megan McAllister (Bruckner). Seemingly destined for greatness as one of Boston University’s brightest medical students, Markoff could do no wrong in the eyes of Megan, his friends, fellow students, and professors. But hidden from those close to him was the violent wrath only he and his victims knew — beginning with his alleged April 14, 2009, first-degree murder of Julissa Brisman, a masseuse who advertised her services on Craigslist. When police discover that the brutal killing and a number of other attacks on women were all connected to advertisements placed on Craigslist, their investigation ultimately leads them to Markoff. Investigating the case are detectives Bennett (Baldwin) and Frye (Close).


</doc>
<doc id="43409457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43409457" title="Born Bad">
Born Bad

Born Bad is a 2011 American crime thriller film written and directed by Jared Cohn. The film stars Michael Welch, Bonnie Dennison, Meredith Monroe, and David Chokachi.

Brooke (Dennison) is devastated that she's pulled out of her high school so her family can move to a new town. Even worse, her stepmother, Katherine (Monroe) is pregnant with a new addition to her dysfunctional family. All seems lost until she becomes smitten with a charming guy named Denny (Welch). He's gorgeous, sweet, thrilling, everything her life isn't...until he reveals a menacing dark side.


A reviewer from Dread Central described character of Brooke as "disturbingly realistic."


</doc>
<doc id="43414825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43414825" title="What Price Innocence?">
What Price Innocence?

What Price Innocence? is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film written and directed by, and co-starring, Willard Mack. Produced on a low budget for Columbia Pictures, it has been classed as an exploitation film and "sex hygiene film" because it touches on teenage pregnancy and morality in a didactic manner. The film features Betty Grable in an early starring role.

Dr. Dan Davidge, a kindly, old family doctor, travels from house to house, observing the children he has brought into the world as they grow into adults. His favorite is seventeen-year-old Ruth Harper, a pretty, lively youngster who is far more innocent than her "flapper" friends. Davidge asks Ruth's father John if the girl has been informed about the facts of life, and the disconcerted father defers to his wife Amy. Willfully believing that her own example of quiet life is sufficient, Amy refuses to discuss sex with her daughter. Ruth is deeply in love with Tommy Harrow, a carefree boy several years older than she, and she becomes confused by the pressure he puts on her and her feelings toward him. Despite the doctor's urging, Amy still refuses to address Ruth's questions and concerns. One evening after a wild party, Tommy persuades Ruth to accompany him home. Time passes as Ruth, who is now even more in love with Tommy, grows upset by his coolness toward her after their intimate night. She goes to Davidge, who quickly realizes that her "little attack of anemia" is what it seems--pregnancy. Davidge confronts Tommy, who callously refuses to accept his responsibilities, then informs John and Amy about Ruth's pregnancy. The bewildered John attempts to offer sympathy, but Amy, furious over the potential scandal, castigates Ruth. The distraught girl is sent to a country resort, where, overwhelmed by Tommy and her mother's rejection, she drowns herself.


Mack's taking on multiple roles in the film (as lead actor, director and writer) was unusual in American filmmaking at the time, though it was not uncommon in low-budget, exploitation film production.

In addition to producing and releasing this film, Columbia Pictures reissued the previously banned sex-hygiene film "Damaged Lives". The film was also known by the title "Shall We Tell Our Daughter?". In at least one theater, the Strand in Lewiston, Maine, it played on a double bill with the comedy "Diplomaniacs". It was paired with "Samarang" when it played at the Edwards Theatre in Sarasota. It appeared on a double bill with "The Masquerader" in San Jose's Liberty Theatre, along with a shorts program that featured Disney's "The Pied Piper".

"What Price Innocence?" received mixed reviews. A critic for "The New York Times" wrote: "Judged on general entertainment standards, it is an embarrassing film. ... The film is presented with a certain blunt skill and it is produced with a certain sincerity. But it has none of the subtlety, indirection or dramatic power needed to make the theme palatable for the public screens." Other reviewers commended the film for its frank treatment of its subject, and for Willard Mack's performance. The "Baltimore Afro-American": "Whether you accept (Dr. Davidge's) views of not, you will find the story an interesting and skillfully treated one." The "Sarasota Herald-Tribune" lauded the performances of Parker, Mack and Gombell in this "moving, human photodrama."

In Canada, "'What Price Innocence?" was given a good review when it played in Montreal on a double bill with "Saturday's Millions". The film was well reviewed in Australia, when it played at the Capitol Theatre in Sydney. "Willard Mack's impersonation as Dr. Dan Davidge," wrote the author of the Sydney Morning Herald review, "is the best thing in the play."


</doc>
<doc id="43417997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43417997" title="Goodbye, Raggedy Ann">
Goodbye, Raggedy Ann

Goodbye, Raggedy Ann is a 1971 American made-for-television drama film starring Mia Farrow, Hal Holbrook, John Colicos, Marlene Warfield, and Martin Sheen.

Brooke Collier (Farrow) is an unstable Hollywood starlet who still clings to her ragdoll like a child, despite the rising amount of very adult problems in her life - her career has stalled, she is having an affair with a married man (Flanders), and she suffers violent, irrational mood swings. In an attempt to rebound from her life’s failings, she accepts a marriage proposal from a millionaire (Colicos). Throughout all of her internal, and occasionally external, conflicts, her only friend is a frustrated writer and neighbor, Harlan Webb (Holbrook). As Brooke’s situation and temperament become increasingly dire, Harlan may be the only one who can save her from herself.



</doc>
<doc id="43418331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43418331" title="The Kill Team (2013 film)">
The Kill Team (2013 film)

The Kill Team is a documentary film about the Maywand District murders during the War in Afghanistan. The film won first place in the category of Best Documentary Feature at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival.

This documentary exposes the stresses and aggressions of soldiers at war, in which a few are driven by boredom, anger, hatred, social pressure, or sociopathy to commit war crimes. Private Adam Winfield was a 21-year-old soldier in Afghanistan when he attempted with the help of his father to alert the military to the murders his platoon was committing. But Winfield's pleas went unheeded. Pressured by threats to his life from his superior and other members of his unit, Winfield was drawn into a moral abyss and forced to make a split-second decision that changed his life forever. The film follows him and his family through wartime events and the legal proceedings that followed, interspersed with interviews of the soldiers in his platoon and photos and video footage from Afghanistan.



</doc>
<doc id="43422396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43422396" title="Desire Street (film)">
Desire Street (film)

Desire Street, also known as La Calle Del Deseo or Calle Deseo, is a 2011 Spanish, Chinese, and U.S. co-production drama film, written and directed by Roberto F. Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi. Headed by actress Alexandra Smothers, the film features an ensemble cast also starring Alejandra Walker, Ellen Clifford, Javier Lopez, Kjord Davis, and Jesus Guevara. Revolving around an eccentric and dysfunctional Mexican immigrant family living in Los Angeles, California, the film is divided into three parts, each one with a story reflecting a family member (mother Carmen, daughter Bess and son Andrea) and the relationship that they establish with a new neighbor, a prostitute (Lucy Bell).

The story follows a Mexican immigrant family’s life in the United States following a tragic accident. The family’s matriarch, Carmen (Alejandra Walker), is a widowed single mother of two, who wants to “fix” her teenage son’s “confusion” about his sexuality, and seeks solace through her religious beliefs. Her daughter Bess (Ellen Clifford), a curious but sheltered young girl who hides from the world by the clothes she wears and by her behavior, so the world sees her as odd and unusual. And Andrea (Javier Lopez), her teenage son, whose emerging sexuality is of concern to his mother and her religious beliefs, and then he falls for a streetwise man whom he sees as his way to escape to freedom. Each of the family members is coping with a family altering accident in their own way. As they endure their loneliness and the turmoil of maturing, each encounters unique experiences and a lasting special relationship with their ostentatious and passionate new neighbor, Lucy Bell (Alexandra Smothers), a companion for hire.


The district of Koreatown, Los Angeles serves as a backdrop for the story.

The film was initially conceived as the directors' thesis film as part of their MFA degree at the New York Film Academy (NYFA) at Universal Studios in Hollywood. After the directors' graduation, the film was re-edited and the post-production was completed.

"Desire Street" was filmed on Super 16mm film and principal photography lasted three and half weeks, taking place in August 2009, with temperatures reaching and higher.

The directors' intentions behind "Desire Street" were to explore the elements of sex and desire as the main themes of the film. They tried to create characters that, under different circumstances, either repress these instincts (due to influences from the society, personal tragedies, etc.) or use it freely as the hooker does in the film.

Canuto and Xu take as a reference the Mexican melodramas of the 1960s. They exaggerate the representation of the characters to accentuate the irony that is a basic element in the story, creating many situations of comedy. At the end of the story the family became the main reference for the individual survival.

"Desire Street" has ""a unique perspective, exploring social aspects and family issues with a melodramatic, but at times humoristic tone. This is conveyed with very bold and colorful characters and a dynamic narration. The message that the directors wish to bring to the film and its audience is a respect for others irrespective of their sexuality, race, or profession. Also the film highlights the importance of family support for any teenagers who are struggling with their sexuality and differences to the stereotypes that the society creates" ". The film touches themes like immigration, prostitution, homosexuality, lesbianism or bulling at a young age, themes that can be seen as controversial by the approach taken in the movie.

The film was well received in the film festivals where it was screened, including some awards. At the premiere in "Mix Mexico International Film Festival" 2011, "Desire Street" received a "Special Mention for Best Feature Film". The jury mention at the ceremony that the award was deserved due to ""a very well structured script, strong story and great characters"". In 2014 the film received two nominations and the award for Best Feature Film at the "Asturian Film Festival" ("Festival De Cine Asturianu") 2014 in a ceremony celebrated at the Ateneo of Madrid. The jury highlight that "Desire Street" ""develop, with technical mastery and a good treatment of the script, the generation gap and the family and sexual conflicts in a multiethnic society"".

"Desire Street" critics reviews were also positive, highlighting the structure of the script and some film techniques, together with the actors performances:

∗ "..."these characters could be from an Almodovar movie as they seem to need to behave in extraordinary ways in order to draw some sexual, psychological advantage...The use of subjective camera movement, composition and mirrored reflections are effective in conveying a real sense of false perceptions since the seeing is not real. Coupled with this is the technique of revisiting of previously seen scenes, but from a different perspective per time. This subversive type of shooting is not new to cinematography, but it is used to great effect in this application...The collaborations of Roberto Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi make them the future wave as these two engaging directors bring together fresh insight with redesigned camera work.""

The premiere of "Desire Street" in Spain took place at the "9th Asturian Film Festival" in June 2014, at a ceremony in Madrid at the historical "Ateneo" building. The film was awarded "Best Film" and one the lead actresses, Alejandra Walker, received a nomination for her performing work.

The Chinese premier took place in August 2014 at the "Contemporary Art Museum A4" in Chengdu (Sichuan), one of the most prestigious museums in China. It was part the exhibition "ID/EGO", dedicated to the filmmakers, that include also a showcase of pictures and objects used during their shootings, and the presentation in China of their latest short film (2013). Due to the very positive reactions and the good turnout in all the projections, the exhibition was extended for further weeks.

, the producers are in talks to sell distribution rights worldwide.




</doc>
<doc id="43425102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43425102" title="Me Before You (film)">
Me Before You (film)

Me Before You is a 2016 romantic drama film directed by Thea Sharrock in her directorial debut and adapted by English author Jojo Moyes from her 2012 novel of the same name. The film stars Emilia Clarke, Sam Claflin, Jenna Coleman, Charles Dance, Matthew Lewis, Janet McTeer, Vanessa Kirby, Joanna Lumley, and Steve Peacocke.

Set in the United Kingdom, the film is shot in various historic locations around the country, including Pembroke Castle in Wales, and Chenies Manor House in Buckinghamshire, England. Released on June 3, 2016, in North America, the film received mixed reviews and grossed $208 million worldwide.

William "Will" Traynor (Sam Claflin) is a successful banker and active man who is in a good relationship with his girlfriend Alicia. One morning while they are in bed, Will gets a call telling him to come into work. While walking to work, he is talking on his mobile phone and inadvertently walks in front of a speeding motorcycle. As a result of the accident, Will is paralyzed from the neck down and permanently bound to a motorized wheelchair.

Two years later, Louisa "Lou" Clark (Emilia Clarke) is a happy, outgoing woman who lives with and supports her working-class family. After losing her job at a local cafe, she is hired as a companion for Will Traynor. Lou has no experience, but Will's mother believes her cheery personality will help lift his spirits. Will only spends time with his nurse Nathan (Steve Peacocke), who knows that he will never regain use of his body due to the damage to his spinal cord. Nathan assists him with everything physical like movement, exercise, and clothing.

Cynical and depressed because he can no longer live an active life, Will initially reacts coldly to Lou's upbeat demeanor and treats her with contempt. After two weeks, Will has a visit from his former best friend Rupert and Will's now ex-girlfriend Alicia, who reveal that they are engaged. Will manages to smash all the photographs on his dresser in anger and indignation, which Lou tries to repair the next day, leading to a verbal altercation between the two. The next day, Will orders Lou to watch a film with subtitles with him, and she has to accept it. The two begin to bond and eventually become close friends. Lou and Will continue to talk every day; she learns that he is cultured and worldly, having traveled extensively. In contrast, her life so far has been simple, without many interests or hobbies or travel away from home. Her long-term boyfriend, Patrick (Matthew Lewis), is training to take part in a Viking triathlon in Norway, a hobby that he often chooses over spending time with her. Will urges Lou to broaden her horizons and tells her that it's her responsibility to live her life as fully as possible. 

While Nathan takes care of Will during one of his occasional illnesses, Lou notices scars on Will's wrists. Some time after, Lou overhears an argument between Will's parents and learns that Will has given his parents six months before checking into Dignitas in Switzerland for assisted suicide. Will refuses to accept life with a disability that entails dependency, pain, and suffering without any hope for recovery of his old self. Lou then takes it upon herself to change his mind. She organizes various trips and adventures to show Will that life is worth living, despite his disability. Will gradually becomes more communicative and open to her plans. Lou, Will, and Nathan attend horse racing, a trip far from perfect. Nonetheless, Lou sways Will into attending a Mozart concert. Will then decides to attend Alicia's wedding and asks Lou to accompany him. At the wedding, Lou and Will enjoy offending the strait-laced guests. Lou learns from the bride's godmother that she considers Will to be Alicia's "one that got away".

Will joins Lou's family for dinner on her birthday, where they learn that Lou's father had lost his job in a leveraged buyout that happened to have been organized by a younger associate of Will. Shortly thereafter, Lou's father is offered the head of maintenance job at Stortfold Castle, which belongs to Will's family, and Lou realizes that Will is trying to help her secure her financial freedom from her family. Gradually they develop strong feelings for one another, which makes Patrick jealous and causes problems in his and Lou's seven-year long relationship, eventually leading to their break-up.

During a luxurious trip to the island of Mauritius together, undertaken after another bout with pneumonia and with help from Nathan, Will informs Lou that he still intends to follow through with his assisted suicide. He wants her to live a full life instead of "half a life" with him. He says their time together has been special, but he cannot bear to live in a wheelchair. He asks her to accompany him to Switzerland to be with him through his last moments. Heartbroken, she informs Will's parents upon arrival in London that she is quitting immediately and travels back to her home by bus. She does not speak to Will for the days that follow. However, at home, Lou's father convinces her to go to Will. She finds out that he has already left for Switzerland, so she decides to go to Switzerland herself to be with Will in his final moments.

A few weeks after Will's death, sitting in his favorite café in Paris, Lou reads the letter Will left for her. In it, he encourages her to seek out a specific perfume shop.
He has left her enough money to follow her dreams and ends off the letter with "Just live."


On April 2, 2014, it was announced Thea Sharrock would direct the film. On September 2, 2014, Emilia Clarke and Sam Claflin were cast in the film. Stephen Peacocke was cast on March 24, 2015, with Jenna Coleman and Charles Dance cast on April 2, 2015. On April 9, 2015, Janet McTeer joined the cast; and Brendan Coyle, Matthew Lewis, Samantha Spiro, Vanessa Kirby, and Ben Lloyd-Hughes joined the cast the next day.

Principal photography began in April 2015, and ended on June 26, 2015. The film was shot in various locations in the UK, including Pembroke, Wales, and Chenies Manor House, Chenies, Buckinghamshire, England for the wedding scenes, while Mallorca, Spain, stands in for Mauritius.

In July 2014, it was announced that the film would be released on August 21, 2015. In May 2015, the film's release date was moved to June 3, 2016. In November 2015, the film's release date was brought forward, to March 4, 2016, before being delayed again in January 2016, to its previous June 3, 2016 release date.

"Me Before You" grossed $56.2 million in North America and over $152 million in other territories for a total of $208.3 million, against a budget of $20 million.

In North America, "Me Before You" opened on June 3, 2016 alongside "" and "" and was expected to gross around $15 million from 2,704 theaters in its opening weekend. The film grossed $1.4 million from its Thursday night previews and $7.8 million on its first day. In its opening weekend the film grossed $18.3 million, finishing third at the box office behind "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows" ($35.3 million) and "" ($22.3 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 58% based on 151 reviews; the average rating is 5.5/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Me Before You" benefits from Emilia Clarke and Sam Claflin's alluring chemistry, although it isn't enough to compensate for its clumsy treatment of a sensitive subject." On Metacritic the film has a score of 51 out of 100 based on 36 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.

The film has suffered a backlash from many people in the disability rights movement due to what they perceive as an underlying message that people with disabilities are a burden on their families and careers, and claim the film promotes the view that people are better off dead than disabled. They view the film as advocating suicide so that their loved ones can "live boldly". The #MeBeforeEuthanasia backlash has been led by celebrities with disabilities such as Liz Carr, Penny Pepper, Mik Scarlet and Cherylee Houston and Not Dead Yet UK in the UK, and Dominick Evans, Emily Ladau and activists from Not Dead Yet in the US. Protests in the US occurred in Los Angeles, New York City, Boston, various locations in Colorado and Texas, Atlanta, Baltimore, Connecticut, Rochester, San Francisco, and multiple locations around the country. The film was also protested in Australia.




</doc>
<doc id="43425325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43425325" title="Creed of Gold">
Creed of Gold

Creed of Gold is a 2014 film about fictional corruption at the Federal Reserve. It was produced by Crystal Creek Media and directed by Daniel Knudsen. Filming of "Creed of Gold" took place in several locations near Indianapolis, Indiana and Detroit, Michigan with some additional photography taking place on location in New York City.

"Creed of Gold" begins with a flashback during the Bolshevik revolution in Russia. A reporter hides a list with names of powerful bankers who financed the revolution. The list is discovered seventy years later by a Russian history professor. The professor's son Adam eventually inherits the list and begins to research the names on it. Adam Smith is an incoming freshman at a fictional American school called Havenhurst University. In his Money & Banking class he is assigned to work on a term paper with Kirsten Stanford. Kirsten is a wealthy girl from upstate New York and her father is on the board of governors of the Federal Reserve. The two do not see eye to eye but eventually work things out and begin researching together. Their work is being thwarted by a greedy Federal Reserve board member named Stuart Wornwall. Wornwall is secretly stealing money from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York by programing the computer system to misappropriate funds every time the Federal Reserve buys and sells bonds from the US Government. Adam and Kirsten uncover Wornwall's family history through the list. This discovery links Wornwall's family fortune back to the offenses committed during the Bolshevik revolution.

The film was released August 12, 2014.


Principal photography began June 10, 2010 and ended July 12, 2010. Various locations near Indianapolis, Indiana were used for filming, including the Indiana World War Memorial Plaza, Taylor University, the Columbia Club and the Indianapolis Union Station. The Indiana State House doubled as the interior of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

The film took three years to complete and secure international distribution. The movie trailer was released by Crystal Creek Media on June 29, 2012.

The main theme is that certain actions may escape the boundaries of International law but they are still wrong because they are a violation of Natural law. Ron Paul's campaign advisor Doug Wead has a special feature on the DVD about what is going on with the Federal Reserve and its impact on American citizens and the rest of the world.

Though the film deals with complex topics it was awarded the Dove seal of family approval from the Dove Foundation.

"Creed of Gold" premiered in Indianapolis, Indiana and was released August 12, 2014.

The film was nominated for an Adam Award for best feature drama at the Sabaoth International Film Festival in Milan, Italy and won a Redemptive Storyteller Award at the Redemptive Film Festival.




</doc>
<doc id="43438798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43438798" title="Roadgames">
Roadgames

Roadgames (also known as Road Games) is a 1981 Australian horror-thriller film directed by Richard Franklin and starring Stacy Keach and Jamie Lee Curtis. The film follows a truck driver travelling across Australia who, along with the help of a hitchhiker, seeks to track down a serial killer who is butchering women and dumping their dismembered bodies along desolate highways.

The film opens on truck driver Patrick Quid (Stacy Keach) as he pulls into a motel for the night. Quid notices a man in a green van checking in with a female hitchhiker he had passed earlier because the trucking company policy forbids it. Nevertheless, Quid is upset at the man for taking the last room in the motel and picking up the attractive hitcher. In the motel, the hitcher strums a guitar naked on the bed, while the unidentified man unpacks a new guitar string. He winds the string around his gloved hands and uses it to strangle the woman.

Quid wakes the next morning in his truck. His pet dingo sniffs relentlessly at the garbage outside the motel, and Quid notices the van driver watching the dingo from the window of the motel room. Quid picks up a load of pigs from Universal Meats. He sets off for Perth with his load and passes various characters on the road: a nagging wife and her family, a cautious man hauling a sailboat, and a station wagon crammed full of toy balls. He repeatedly passes by another female hitchhiker.

The wife creates a roadblock by streaming pink paper across the highway. When Quid stops at the sight of it, she climbs into his cab and orders Quid to catch up with her husband who left her at the side of the road. They play "What's My Line?" to pass the time. The woman informs Quid about the grisly murder of a woman, and his nonchalant answers start to disturb her. She suspects that he might be the serial killer from the news. Quid stops the truck when he sees the green van parked along the road. Its driver has several trash bags and an esky. He appears to be burying the bags. When the van driver notices Quid watching him through binoculars, he abandons his work and drives away.

At a roadhouse, the van driver assaults Quid's dingo while he is inside. Quid gives chase, but he encounters the slow driving boat owner who refuses to let Quid pass. Eventually, Quid destroys the boat, but the green van is too far off to catch.

Quid picks up the female hitchhiker, Pamela Rushworth (Jamie Lee Curtis), that he has passed before. She gradually reveals that she is the daughter of a powerful American diplomat. Quid urges Pamela to let her father know that she is alright. The duo eagerly discuss the serial killer. At a service station, they notice the green van parked near the restroom. Quid sees a pair of feet in the toilet stall, and he thinks he has the killer cornered. Pamela investigates the green van while Quid tries to get the man to exit the stall. As Pamela reaches for the esky inside the van, she realizes that the driver is sleeping on the floor. In the restroom, a biker emerges from the stall and rushes outside. Quid rushes outside to see that the green van is gone.

When he catches up to the van, it appears that Pamela is happily in the passenger seat. Later that night, Quid notices the van parked off the side of the road, and pulls over to investigate. He hears people giggling in the bushes nearby and assumes that Pamela and the van driver are engaged in sexual intercourse. When he breaks into the van to investigate, he finds that the esky only contains food so he rests his suspicions.

Quid arrives at the outskirts of Perth, and while reporting to the weigh station, sees the green van. The proximity of several police cars revives his suspicions, and he follows the van through the streets of Perth, trailed by the police. Eventually the van reaches a dead end, and Quid's truck becomes stuck in the narrow alleys.

The van driver approaches Quid's truck and attempts to strangle Quid with a garrotte, but Quid manages to disarm him. When Quid starts to strangle the van driver with the same weapon, the police arrive and falsely assume that Quid is the killer. Upon freeing a gagged and bound Pamela from the van, the police learn that Quid is innocent, and Pamela's actual captor is caught whilst trying to escape through the crowd.

When Quid finally delivers the meat shipment, he relates to Pamela that earlier after he had found his trailer door open and discovered the load weight a few kilos over, he had presumed that the van driver had killed her and disposed of her inside his trailer. Back at the meat facility, a woman cleaning out the back of the trailer is brushed by a guitar string hanging from the ceiling and, on pulling it, gets a nasty surprise as a human head, presumably that of the murder victim, falls from above and lands in her soap bucket.


While making the film "Patrick "Richard Franklin gave Everett De Roche a copy of "Rear Window" as an example of how he wanted the script typed. De Roche loved the content of the script and expressed his desire to write a film with a similar plot but set on a moving vehicle. He developed the idea with Franklin in Fiji, where the latter was co-producing "The Blue Lagoon" (1980). De Roche wrote the first draft of "Road Games" over a period of 8 days in a hotel, with Franklin visiting periodically during breaks in the production of "Blue Lagoon".

Shot on location in the Nullarbor Plain and in Melbourne, the budget of $1.75 million was the highest ever for an Australian film at that time. Avco Embassy paid $500,000 for all rights outside Australia, and the balance came from the Greater Union, the Australian Film Commission, the Victorian Film Corporation, and the Western Australian Film Council.

Franklin wanted to cast Sean Connery in the lead, but was unable to afford his salary, and the role went to Stacy Keach instead.

Australian actress Lisa Peers was cast to play opposite him, but the US distributors insisted on an American co-star, so Franklin cast Jamie Lee Curtis. The film ran into trouble with Actors Equity when the Melbourne branch of the union approved the importation of Curtis, but the Sydney branch opposed it. "We found ourselves as the ping-pong ball in a game of politics between Melbourne and Sydney, and it nearly resulted in the film closing down," said Franklin. Franklin later acknowledged wishing he had increased the size of Curtis' part to take more advantage of her.

"Road Games" was only a modest box office success in Australia upon its June 1981 release. It was released theatrically in the United States in November 1981, and did not perform as well as originally expected, which Franklin blamed on its marketing as a slasher film. However, it did lead to Franklin landing the job of directing "Psycho II" in 1983.

"Variety" gave the film a positive review, calling it "an above-average suspenser." "The New York Times", however, gave the film a middling review, saying: "Although "Road Games" was made in Australia, the Outback might as well be the New Jersey Turnpike." "Time Out" gave the film a positive review, saying: "It's precisely its pretensions which make this a surprisingly agreeable cross of angst-ridden '70s road movie with Hitchcockian thriller... Effective as a string of cinematic shocks, the movie manages a good number of coups, with its cargo of raw meat, use of Jamie Lee's association with endless knife-flicks, and the ever-so-slightly surreal placing of figures in a vast landscape, making for an endearing horror pic."

The film has been cited by Quentin Tarantino as one of his favourite films, and also served as influence in Australian director Greg McLean's debut feature, "Wolf Creek" (2005).

The film was first released on VHS in Australia by Star Video in the early 1980s. In the US, the first VHS release was handled by Embassy Home Entertainment and later in the 1990s by Nelson Entertainment. "Roadgames" was first released on DVD in the United States on 10 June 2003 by Anchor Bay Entertainment, this release has long gone out of print with copies running at $85 on Amazon.com. In Australia, Umbrella Entertainment released a special edition DVD in 2004–this DVD is also no-longer in print. In April 2016, it was announced that Umbrella would release a new 4k restoration of the film for the first time on Blu-ray disc.




</doc>
<doc id="43439593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43439593" title="Seasons of War">
Seasons of War

Seasons of War is the first film directed by Seda Eğridere. The script was written by Eğridere and Mark Harley. Production for "Seasons of War" took place in Sarajevo in July 2014, and the film was scheduled to premiere at the 2015 Sarajevo Film Festival.


Work on "Seasons of War" commenced in 2014. The film's plot was conceived by director Seda Eğridere while she was traveling in the Balkans and Bulgaria to research the history of her family during the 1950s through 1970s. Drawing parallels between her family experience and the experiences of local Sarajevans in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Seda Eğridere wrote the script for "Seasons of War" with writing partner Mark Harley. The script is based on true events of the Bosnian War.

Production took place in Sarajevo over the course of three weeks in July 2014. Eğridere cast only actors from the former Yugoslavia, most of whom had lived through the war and were therefore able to incorporate their experiences into their performances. Film production was delayed due to the 2014 Southeast Europe floods. In response to the tragedy, Eğridere called on fans via Twitter and Facebook to aid in flood relief by donating funds through the film's Indiegogo campaign. Before production started, comparisons were drawn between "Seasons of War" and Angelina Jolie's directorial debut, "In the Land of Blood and Honey". In response to these comparisons, Eğridere conveyed that she respected Jolie's film and her work as both a director and scriptwriter, but stressed that "Seasons of War" was a completely different story; not a war film, but rather a film about a couple and the difficult choices they were forced to make.

The complete soundtrack of "Seasons of War" was arranged by Yasin Aydın and Kemal Eren of the Turkish rock band PUL, with which Eğridere had collaborated on a music video in 2012.


</doc>
<doc id="43440245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43440245" title="Talk Back and You're Dead">
Talk Back and You're Dead

Talk Back and You're Dead is a 2014 Philippine romantic comedy-action film directed by Andoy Ranay, topbilled by James Reid, Nadine Lustre and Joseph Marco. It is based on the best-selling novel of the same name originally published on Wattpad by Alesana Marie. The film was distributed by Viva Films and Skylight Films and was released on August 20, 2014, in theaters nationwide.

The film begins as a boy and girl in costumes make promises to each other that they will get married someday. On the present day, Miracle Samantha Perez is inside a bookstore and she notices from outside of the store that one of her friends Michie is confronting a guy named Timothy Odelle "Top" Pendleton with his girlfriend. Samantha joins the scene as she thought that the guy is cheating on her friend, whom she calls a cheater, a liar and rude as she slaps him and her friends drag her away from the scene. Inside the girls' comfort room, Michie and her other friends, China and Maggie, admit that the scene with Top was only a playtime because they want Hershey to break up with Top. At home, Samantha's scene with Top became viral on the internet. While taking up an exam, Samantha receives an unknown call, that turns out to be Top, the guy whom she called a cheater, liar and a maniac but she ends up cursing the caller when she was greeted rudely by the guy causing her phone to be confiscated by their teacher. Top calls again but this time the teacher coincidentally answers the call but also ends up cursing each other. Top with his gang, arrives at St. Celestine to abduct Samantha where Jared "Red" Dela Cruz brings her to a night club. At the night club, Top asks Samantha to go on a date with him but she refuses. In the middle of their argument, Piggy's gang arrives and starts a bar fight. Top was badly hurt after the fight and Samantha was so worried about his condition. She asks the doctor of Top's condition, and she mistakenly believes that he has a brain cancer and he will not last any longer. Samantha agrees to be his girlfriend, then Top admits he will not die. Samantha realizes this and she intends to leave but she was threatened by Top to try to avoid him. Samantha also discovers that Top is not just a common gangster, but the leader of the Lucky 13, the most notorious gang of the district known for their many achievements in many fields, wealth and gang fights. At the mall, Top breaks up with Hershey and introduces Samantha as his new girlfriend. Back at school, Samantha hears some rumors that her rival, Audrey Dela Cruz, Red's sister has a gangster boyfriend from Pendleton High named Top. Piggy's gang abducts Audrey as they mistakenly thought that she is Top's girlfriend in order to lure him at their hideout, but Top overpowers Piggy's gang and saves Audrey. Top confronts Samantha if she gave Piggy the information that Audrey was his girlfriend in which she denies. He warns Samantha to be careful and not to get caught.

Samantha believes that Top is just playing on her, so she confronts Audrey. Meanwhile, at dinner, Top told his parents that he already has a girlfriend and he will invite her for tomorrow dinner. Top picks up Samantha from school and brings her to his house for dinner with his family, but the dinner ends up with Top and his father arguing about the death of Top's mother. That night, Top breaks up with Samantha because she was too perfect for him, but Samantha has already fallen in love with him. Samantha is badly hurt that Top broke up with her, then Audrey told her that Top was an ex-convict. After school, Samantha was abducted by Piggy's gang in order to avenge. Top and his gang arrives at Piggy's hideout and start fighting where they overpower Piggy's gang. Samantha calls Top an ex-convict and he was stunned of what he heard, as Red takes Samantha home telling her that Top is not really a bad guy and it was the second time that Top saves her as the first was a mistaken identity caused by Samantha. Samantha invites Top to a date to make peace of what she has said. At Pendleton High, Top humiliates Samantha in front of everyone for being present at their basketball game. Top apologizes to Samantha for humiliating her at his school then Top confesses his true feelings for Samantha and they become officially lovers. At a theme park, Top gives Samantha a teddy bear which he got from Audrey's date after the guy verbally harassed Samantha which angered Top and knocks down the guy unconscious. Samantha and Audrey finally make peace of their dislike toward each other. Top went to the guy who stole Samantha's teddy bear to bring it back to her and beats the guy. Top and Red went to Samantha's house to give back the teddy bear but Top was surprised when he saw Lee, Samantha's cousin. Top asks Lee why he lied to him in believe that Sammy/Samantha was in Japan and Lee admits to him that Samantha was bound to a fixed marriage and he can never have Samantha. Upset on what he discovered, Top breaks up again with her but Samantha wanted Top to fight for them.

With no other options left, Top and Samantha decide to live-in, far away from their families. They stay in Top's beach house for several days. Red and the rest of the gang arrives at the beach house as Red had a plan. Red told Samantha that her parents knows where she is and they intend to sue Top of kidnapping and rape since Samantha is still a minor that will cause a huge issue between the Perez and the Pendleton Group of Companies. Samantha decides to go home in order to save Top from being jailed. Back at home, Samantha's parents was so upset for what she has done and her parents told her that Top was ex-convicted for kidnapping. Shocked of what she discovered, Samantha confronts Top about it but she was surprised when he admits it. She also learns that the person he kidnapped was his girlfriend, who turns out to be his half-sister. She admits to Samantha that Top actually helped her to escape from his abusive father. Upset of what she heard, she goes to see Top at his mother's tombstone to apologize and Top introduces Samantha to his mother. Samantha discovers that Lee and his parents lied to him because they want her to get married to another man.

The Perez family celebrated a special night announcing the marriage of their only heir, Samantha, to the eldest sibling of the Dela Cruz family, Red. Top goes to the party with blonde hair hears that Samantha and Red are getting married. Samantha, badly mad that she will get married to her boyfriend's best friend, tries to convince Red to refuse the marriage, as an angry Top confronts Red because of his betrayal to him. Samantha asks him to leave, with her ending up their relationship because no one can do anything. Samantha was told by her parents that they will be leaving for France together with Red. At St. Celestine, the Lucky 13 gang tells Samantha that Top is waiting outside before playing a live song performance. She goes outside and sees Top at his car apologizing that she can't do anything about the marriage but she still loves him promising that she will be back for him and Top replied to her that he is willing to wait for the day she returns and they kiss under the fireworks.

Two years later, Samantha receives a call from Audrey that Top got into an accident after he mysteriously vanished without anyone knowing. Samantha and Red return home and Samantha realizes that Top could be at his beach house. She goes to the beach house and she watches a video footage of a boy and a girl making promises to each other that they will be getting married someday as seen in the beginning of the film. Meanwhile, Red admits to Audrey that he has fallen in love with Samantha. As Samantha remembers the lost memories of her past that she and Top made promise to each other when they were just kids, a dog walks through and lead her to Top at the beach. Samantha saw him as she realizes that he lost his sight as Top asks God for a miracle because he badly needs one as Samantha/Miracle hugs Top/Timothy with so much tears of joy of their reunion.

After the first part of the credits, a scene was featured where Samantha and Red kisses each other as they saw Top watching them unhappy of what he just saw, and a sequel (Never Talk Back To A Gangster) is then confirmed that will be released soon.




According to the author of the novel, Joseph Marco is the perfect role for Timothy "Top" Pendleton but the producers instead gave Marco the character of Jared "Red" Dela Cruz.

The scene where Samantha lost her other shoe after TOP fights the gang members who chased her. Jared carries her home. The clip wasn't featured in the actual movie but can be seen in the trailer. Another scene that features Jared invites Samantha to a date.

The movie's soundtrack is entitled 'Bahala Na' (Eng. Translation: Come What May), a duet featuring the two stars of the movie, Nadine Lustre and James Reid.

Philbert Ortiz-Dy of Click the City gave a mixed review in the film, he stated that "The film just feels hastily assembled, its only real purpose to provide another platform for the onscreen pairing of Nadine Lustre and James Reid [...] but the pair works best outside the machinations of the plot, when the movie simply gives them the room to linger in an intimate moment." He also stated that ""Talk Back and You're Dead" makes so little sense that it may as well be taking place in an entirely different universe. What starts out as a weird little tale of animosity growing into affection turns into a monster of melodramatic convolutions reliant on information that's mostly hidden from the audience."

Zig Marasigan of Rappler gave a harsh review of the film, stating "Trying to make sense of Talk Back and You're Dead is very much like watching a snake eat its own tail. It's fascinatingly grotesque, watching a serpent devour itself from the outside. It slowly works towards its delicate innards, oblivious to its own demise. The snake eventually dies from its own gastric juices, and all you're left with is a reptilian corpse that is just too eager but too consumed to tell its tail from its meal. Talk Back and You're Dead doesn't have a horrible story, it simply doesn't have a story. But if a film like Talk Back and You're Dead can be produced and released without a need for story, who needs writers?."

According to the showbiz news reporter Ginger Conejero of "TV Patrol", the film earns PHP 30 Million on its first 3 days of showing. Box Office Mojo places the total gross of PHP 76,941,733 as of September 14, 2014, second to the top-grosser "Rurouni Kenshin". There has been no official release of the final box office gross from the film's production.

During the end credits, a clip from the sequel was shown and it is confirmed that there will be a sequel of this film, entitled "Never Talk Back To A Gangster".

As of 2018, there is still no confirmation by the director or the production staff about the said sequel coming out, resulting to possible cancellation of the sequel.




</doc>
<doc id="43443461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43443461" title="Pocket Listing (film)">
Pocket Listing (film)

Pocket Listing is a 2016 American neo-noir black comedy film directed by Conor Allyn, written by James Jurdi, and starring Jurdi, Logan Fahey, Caitlin Gerard, Christos Vasilopolous, Jessica Clark, Rob Lowe, and Burt Reynolds. The film was acquired by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Orion Pictures for limited theatrical and video on demand release on December 2, 2016.

It has been described as a "darkly comic crime thriller" which centers on "the story of a former hot-shot Los Angeles property broker who is given a second chance by a corrupt power couple with a commission to sell their Malibu mansion, a deal riddled with criminal activity.

Set around the issue of the U.S. real-estate market and its various casualties, Frank Hunter and his sultry wife Lana hire disgraced Los Angeles property broker Jack Woodman to discreetly market and sell their Malibu villa. Fired from a top broker firm by real-estate mogul Ron Glass and framed by his menacing, drug-addled son, Aaron, Woodman soon finds himself in a world of double crosses, mistaken identity and crooked deals, the type that are literally life or death.

Ben Gummery of Battle Royale with Cheese wrote: "This plays like a ‘Wolf of Wall Street‘ tale for the L.A. property market however in the third act this turns into more of a Cohen-brothersesque dark comedy of betrayal and adultery" and ended his review by writing that "this is a fun little flick."

Weetas wrote that the film it is one of the essential movies about real estate. "Another thriller that takes place in the real estate arena, this great movie ... is part thriller and part black comedy, it shows the shady side of huge real estate deals...it is very entertaining to watch."

Steve Cook of the American Genius wrote that "It’s a hip new Hollywood offering with an edgy story line about money, greed, power, sex, revenge, redemption, and real estate. In that order...Set in Malibu and featuring such well-worn talent as Rob Lowe and Burt Reynolds, the flick is a racy shoot‘em up about an extraordinary villa with a pool that seems to flow off the edge of a cliff into a Malibu arroyo."




</doc>
<doc id="43446035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43446035" title="Boggy Creek">
Boggy Creek

Boggy Creek (also known as Boggy Creek: The Legend Is True) is a 2010 American horror film directed by Brian T. Jaynes, written by Jennifer Minar-Jaynes, and starring Texas Battle, Stephanie Honoré, Damon Lipari, Shavon Kirksey, and Melissa Carnell as college students attacked by legendary creatures that resemble Bigfoot. Despite its name, it is unrelated to "The Legend of Boggy Creek" or its two sequels.

Jennifer takes several of her friends to a remote cabin in Texas, where her father died. There, locals warn them of hostile creatures that, according to legend, murder the men and abduct the women. The creatures, which resemble the legendary Bigfoot, eventually show up and attack Jennifer and her friends.


Shooting took place in Jefferson and Uncertain, Texas. The film was part of a dispute over funding between the director and an early investor. The matter was eventually taken to court.

"Boggy Creek" premiered at the sixth Texas Frightmare Weekend in April 2011. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 13, 2011.

Scott Foy of "Dread Central" rated it 1/5 stars, and wrote, ""Boggy Creek" doesn't work as drama, doesn't deliver as horror, and is no fun at all to watch." Paul Doro of "Shock Till You Drop" called it "low-rent amateur hour all around".



</doc>
<doc id="43446261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43446261" title="The Marine (film series)">
The Marine (film series)

The Marine is a series of action films produced by WWE Studios starring various WWE wrestlers in the lead roles.

The Marine is a 2006 American action film directed by John Bonito. The film stars John Cena, Robert Patrick and Kelly Carlson. It was produced by the films division of WWE, called WWE Studios, and distributed in the United States by 20th Century Fox.

The Marine 2 is a 2009 American thriller film directed by Roel Reiné, written by Christopher Borrelli and John Chapin Morgan, and produced by Michael Lake. The film stars Ted DiBiase, Jr., Temuera Morrison, Lara Cox, Robert Coleby and Michael Rooker. It is the sequel to "The Marine", starring John Cena. This was Ted DiBiase's film debut. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on December 29, 2009. The film was inspired by the Dos Palmas kidnappings.

The Marine

The Marine 2

The Marine 3: Homefront

The Marine 4: Moving Target


The Marine 5: Battleground

The Marine 6: Close Quarters

Ratings collected from film review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes.


</doc>
<doc id="43449879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43449879" title="Hello, My Name Is Doris">
Hello, My Name Is Doris

Hello, My Name Is Doris is a 2015 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Michael Showalter from a screenplay by Showalter and Laura Terruso, about a woman in her 60s who tries to act on her attraction to a younger co-worker. It stars Sally Field in the title role, alongside Max Greenfield, Beth Behrs, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Stephen Root, Elizabeth Reaser, Natasha Lyonne and Tyne Daly. The film had its world premiere at the SXSW Film Festival on March 14, 2015, and was theatrically released on March 11, 2016, by Roadside Attractions and Stage 6 Films.

Doris Miller is a shy, eccentric 60-something woman, living alone following the death of her mother, with whom she has lived for her whole life. At the funeral, her brother Todd and his wife Cynthia try to persuade her to sell the house, especially the possessions, as she is a hoarder. Her only close friend is the fiery Roz, though she also gets along with Roz's granddaughter Vivian. On her way to work, where she has been doing data entry for decades, she meets new young co-worker John, with whom she is immediately infatuated. Empowered by self-improvement tapes, Doris decides to pursue a romantic relationship with him.

Doris finds ways to get John's attention; the attempts are frequently combined with daydream fantasies about a passionate love affair between them. With Vivian's help, Doris creates a fake social media profile in order to find information about John, and discovers that he loves an electropop band that is planning an upcoming concert in the area. Doris buys one of the band's CDs, which gets John's attention, and attends the concert, where she meets him and they spend time together. The band is intrigued by Doris and invite her backstage, where they spend a fun evening meeting young artists in the area. John tells Doris that he and his girlfriend recently broke up over text, and asks her about her love life. She reveals that she was engaged in the past, but had to end it in order to take care of her mother. John gives her a friendly kiss goodnight, and Doris is in love.

John is distracted for the next week, and Doris discovers that he has a girlfriend, Brooklyn. Though Brooklyn is friendly and welcoming to her, Doris is devastated. She spends the night drinking wine, and in a drunken fit of anguish, she posts a comment on John's social media wall while using her fake profile, posing as a scorned young woman with whom he had a torrid love affair. The next morning, Todd arrives with Doris' therapist, planning on decluttering her house, but when Cynthia tries to throw out a pencil Doris stole from John, Doris angrily throws them out of her house.

At work, Brooklyn arrives and has a fight with John before breaking up with him. Brooklyn later tells Doris that she had seen the comment on his wall and accused him of cheating on her, and she admits that she was cheated on in the past. After work, John tells Doris about the incident and invites her to his Thanksgiving for friends. She agrees, and when he asks her if she would ever be interested in dating a younger man, she is elated at this indication he is interested in her.

She dresses up and goes to the Thanksgiving party where she meets John's uncle, who is clearly interested in her. During the party, she asks to talk to John in his bedroom. While trying to come onto him, Doris reveals that she has always liked him and that she posted the comment that caused Brooklyn to break up with him. Furious, John rebuffs her. When a flustered Doris asks him what he meant by asking her if she was interested in younger men, John clarifies that he trying to set her up with his uncle, who is a decade younger than Doris. Doris leaves, deeply hurt, and invites Roz over for comfort.

Doris invites her therapist over again to declutter her house, and she succeeds getting it cleaned up. She quits her job, and says good-bye to John before she leaves. She has another fantasy where John kisses her and proposes that they should be together; in reality, she enters the elevator to leave, alone. After hesitating, John calls out her name and runs toward the elevator. Doris smiles as the doors close.

On April 18, 2014, Max Greenfield was cast in the male lead role. On May 28, 2014, it was announced that Sally Field would play the title character, and on the same day Beth Behrs was also cast. On June 27, 2014, Natasha Lyonne, Wendi McLendon-Covey, Kyle Mooney, and Kumail Nanjiani were announced as part of the cast. On July 11, 2014, YouTube star Anna Akana was cast as a web blogger whose attention is piqued by Field’s character.

The film had its world premiere on March 14, 2015, at South by Southwest. Shortly after it was announced Roadside Attractions had acquired distribution rights to the film. It was later revealed that Stage 6 Films would co-partner on the domestic release, and release the film internationally. The film also screened at the Montclair Film Festival on May 1, 2015. The film was theatrically released on March 11, 2016, in a limited release, before opening in a wide release on April 1, 2016.

"Hello, My Name Is Doris" received generally positive reviews from film critics. It holds an 84% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 100 reviews, with an average rating of 6.8/10. The critical consensus reads: ""Hello, My Name Is Doris" is immeasurably elevated by Sally Field's remarkable performance in the title role, which overpowers a surfeit of stereotypical indie quirk." On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 63 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Joe Leydon of "Variety" gave the film a positive review, writing "Sally Field keeps the movie on an even keel, for the most part, with an adroit and disciplined lead performance that generates both laughter and sympathy, with relatively few yanks on the heartstrings. Audiences of a certain age might respond warmly, provided they are stoked by savvy marketing and favorable word of mouth." Eric Kohn of Indiewire.com also gave the film a positive review, a B+, writing ""Hello, My Name is Doris" effectively conveys the cruel ambivalence of an ageist society, and despite its formulaic ingredients, the movie responds to that setback with Field's exuberant, virtuoso turn providing the ultimate critical response."



</doc>
<doc id="43451218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43451218" title="Toto Forever">
Toto Forever

Toto Forever, also known in Spanish as Toto Para Siempre or Siempre Toto, is a 2010 dramatic short film directed by Roberto F. Canuto, written by Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi, and starring Kylan James, Kjord Davis, Diana Grivas, Alexander Aguila, and Alexandra Smothers. The film was screened at over thirty international film festivals, mainly those with a LGBT theme, winning awards including best film. It is considered a cult film in many circles, becoming a classic in underground Gay Cinema after many screenings around the world.

"Toto Forever" is a fable in which feelings and emotions are always fully exposed, with a very poetic and symbolic narrative, and an aesthetic strongly influenced by the Yaoi ("Boys Love") Japanese anime. The film tells the love story of Toto, a hopeful young postman who dreams of starting a new life, and Mark, a gangster, who is in deep trouble with a mafia group.

The film premiered at the 2010 Kashish Mumbai International Film Festival, the first LGBT festival in India organised after a Delhi High Court ruling decriminalised homosexual intercourse between consenting adults. "Toto Forever" was at the opening ceremony, and was the first film screened at the event. Canuto was also invited to screen the film at the opening ceremonies in Panama at the 3rd LesGayCinePTY, the most important gay film event in the country, where it won the best film award. At the South Asian premiere, at Indonesia's Q! Film Festival in Jakarta, there were serious incidents at some of the screenings when radical Muslim demonstrators from the Islamic Defenders Front, and groups of extremists from the Indonesian University, attended the venue with weapons and threatened to set fire to the theatre if the film was screened. "Toto Forever" was screened in many other venues around the world, receiving other accolades like the nomination for best cinematography at the 2009 Kodak Scholarship awards in the United States.

While delivering a package, a young postman Toto (Kylan James) discovers an injured man lying next to an inground pool and tends to his wounds. Mark (Kjord Davis) is in trouble with the mob and the two men decide to flee together. While resting on the side of the road, Toto gazes longingly at the handsome fugitive. He touches the sleeping man's hand and leans over to kiss him... and is surprised when the kiss is returned.


"Toto Forever"'s director, Roberto F. Canuto, shot the film as a graduation project at the New York Film Academy (NYFA) at Universal Studios in Hollywood, but he finished the post-production work after graduation, including adding music by Andrea Centazzo. The film was the first collaboration between the director and the composer, one which was repeated in their next films together - Desire Street and . Due to limitations in the production process, various scenes in the script were shortened. Of the film's length, the director commented: "Of course, the whole story need to be tell with more depth and time (sic), but we reserve the full development of the plot for the feature script. Here we concentrate on feelings and emotion. For that reason I wanted to develop a plot that displayed a wide range of emotions in a short period of time." Regarding this, the critic Michael D. Klemm notes: "A short film can be like a sketch for a painting and this one begins, appropriately, with rough drawings of the two leads. The emphasis here, undoubtedly, is what the young postman would remember from his abrupt adventure.
The main idea behind the characters is based on cartoon figures from the Japanese yaoi. In the opening and closing credits the film uses sketches that represent the characters of Toto and Mark, bringing an added dimension to the story. Susan Opperman, a South African artist with an MFA in fine arts, created the images, following her own vision of the story.
The film was shot in 16mm Kodak film and the principal photography took place in the summer of 2008 in California. Some of the locations were Mulholland Drive, Burbank, California, as well as some isolated roads outside Los Angeles. The post-production was completed in 2010.

Xu Xiaoxi, Roberto F. Canuto's collaborator in the directing ("Desire Street" and ""), was director of photography on "Toto Forever". The kissing scene between the characters is a key element of the film. According to the Canuto: "I wanted to create a montage for the kissing scene. In order to do so, we decided to break standard time and space in order to create a special tempo that surprises the viewer and suspends the reality of the experience. The kissing scene was difficult to film due to the position of movement in such a tight space. This was key to delivering the right feel and emotion. Kylan and Kjord deliver a moving and touching scene that is also the zenith of the whole story."

The main theme of "Toto Forever" is hope. According to the director, he wanted to: "recreate the moment when the human spirit recovers after a deep tragedy and rediscovers a new faith about life. Emily Dickinson's poem "Hope" was an inspiration for this film. While she faced the tragedy, it was with this painful moments when she has to allowed herself to find "hope" and move on.

As of July 2014, "Toto Forever" was still being screened at international festivals.

The film was well received at the different film festivals and events where it was screened. Among others it won the award for best film at "LesGayCinePTY in Panamá 2010", was third place in the best short film category at the "6u CinegailesAST" in Asturias, (Spain) in 2014, and a finalist at the Kashish 1st Mumbai International Film Festival. As of July 2014 the film has been screened at over thirty international film festivals.

The press reactions were positive and the comments highlight the values of the film. Some of the reactions include:





</doc>
<doc id="43453096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43453096" title="The Transporter Refueled">
The Transporter Refueled

The Transporter Refueled (French: Le Transporteur: Héritage) is a 2015 action-thriller film directed by Camille Delamarre and written by Bill Collage, Adam Cooper, and Luc Besson. It is the fourth film in the "Transporter" franchise, a reboot to the previous films, and the first film to be distributed by EuropaCorp in North America, but features a new cast, with Ed Skrein replacing Jason Statham as the title role of Frank Martin. It was also the only film in the franchise that did not feature François Berléand.

Filming began on 1 August 2014, in Paris, France. The film was released on 4 September 2015 in the United States and 9 September in France. Upon its release, "The Transporter Refueled" received generally negative reviews from film critics and audiences, who claimed the film's script is lame and laughable, but praised the action sequences, stunts, effects and acting. Despite a negative critical reception, the film was a box office success, grossing $72 million worldwide against production budget of $22 million.

Former special-operations mercenary Frank Martin is living a less perilous lifestyle than he had previously, transporting classified packages for questionable people. Then he took the contract from Anna following his three rules of no names, no questions and no renegotiations. According to the contract, he should be near the bank for her and her two packages. However, he finds himself thrust into danger again when Anna and her accomplices Gina, Maria, and Qiao orchestrate a bank robbery and kidnap Martin's father to confront and kill Arkady Karasov, a Russian mobster who had victimized Anna years earlier. Anna's whole team robbed Arkady's friends and framed him for it.


At the 2013 Cannes Film Festival, a new trilogy was announced with EuropaCorp and China's Fundamental Films co-producing and distributing the titles. The films will likely be budgeted between €25 million and €30 million each and at least one will be shot in China. Luc Besson will co-finance, distribute, produce and write all the films. The franchise was rebooted after negotiations with Jason Statham fell through.

EuropaCorp wanted Statham to sign a three contract deal, without revealing the script first. English actor Ed Skrein replaced Statham as Frank Martin in the fourth installment of the series. In March 2015, the title was changed from "The Transporter Legacy" to "The Transporter Refueled".

Principal photography of the film began on 1 August 2014, in Paris, France.

The film was previously set to be released on 6 March 2015. On 5 November 2014, EuropaCorp moved the film for a 19 June 2015 release. On 1 April 2015, EuropaCorp again moved the film back to a 4 September 2015.

"The Transporter Refueled" grossed worldwide, with its largest territory being China with .

In its opening weekend in North America, the film grossed $7.4 million, finishing 4th at the box office. It was also 4th on its opening weekend in China, grossing .

"The Transporter Refueled" has received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 16%, based on 94 reviews, with an average rating of 3.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Transporter Refueled" has little to offer beyond a handful of decent action sequences, leaving this reboot's title feeling more like wishful thinking than a restatement of purpose." On Metacritic the film has a score of 32 out of 100, based on 24 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "B-" on an A+ to F scale.

IGN awarded it a score of 7.0 out of 10, saying, "The shadow of Jason Statham loomed large over this reboot, but Ed Skrein nails it, meaning the franchise is in safe hands."



</doc>
<doc id="43454012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43454012" title="Road Games (film)">
Road Games (film)

Road Games (also known as Fausse Route) is a 2015 British-French co-production thriller film written and directed by Abner Pastoll. The film stars Andrew Simpson as a British hitchhiker travelling through France. IFC Films released the film theatrically in the US on March 4, 2016. Icon Film Distribution released the film in the UK and Ireland on August 26, 2016.

Jack, a young British hitchhiker in France, attempts to get a ride to the ferry service back to England. After walking along the road for hours without having any cars stop, he comes upon an arguing couple who pull over and continue their fight. Concerned, Jack approaches the car and pulls the man out before he can strike the woman. The man backs off from Jack and drives away, leaving Jack with the woman, who introduces herself as a fellow hitchhiker named Véronique. Véronique tells him that there is a serial killer active on this road, which explains why Jack could not get a ride. The two agree to travel together for safety, and Véronique helps him work on his French. Véronique says she is a drifter whose parents blame her for her brother's accidental death, and Jack that, on the same day, he lost all his luggage and found his girlfriend cheating on him.

An eccentric man, Grizard, stops and offers the two a ride. Although Véronique is reluctant, Jack convinces her to accept Grizard's offer. When Grizard discovers that Jack is English, he enthusiastically invites Jack to meet his English wife. Véronique protests at the detour, but Jack again convinces her to accept Grizard's hospitality. On the way to his house, Grizard stops to pick up roadkill and laughs when Jack suggests they bury it instead of eating it. Mary, Grizard's wife, turns out to be American, though she says she has also lived in England. During dinner, Jack reveals that he is a vegetarian and apologetically declines to eat their meat. Grizard mocks him in French, upsetting Mary and Véronique. When the conversation turns to the serial killer, Mary becomes upset and leaves the table. Grizard insists they are safe in his house and urges them to stay the night.

Grizard puts Jack and Véronique in separate bedrooms. Jack finds photographs of a boy and girl in his room, but Grizard tells Jack they have no children. Before Jack goes to bed, Mary advises him to lock his door, which he does. That night, Véronique enters his bedroom, and they have sex. Jack invites her to come to England with him, and she excitedly accepts. When he wakes, she is nowhere to be found. Grizard says she has left and produces a note. Although Jack is suspicious, Grizard insists he immediately leave the house. As he leaves, Jack realises the handwriting on the note is not Véronique's. Before he can do anything else, he is drugged and kidnapped by Grizard's handyman, Delacroix. Delacroix says Jack must have annoyed Grizard a great deal, and, in French, variously threatens and mocks Jack; Jack says he does not understand and begs to be let go. Delacroix ties up Jack and puts him in his truck, but, before Delaxcroix can drive off, Jack escapes. Delacroix says to himself that Jack is in even worse trouble now that he has escaped.

Jack returns to Grizard's house, where he finds Véronique tied up. After freeing her, he arms himself with a rifle. Jack and Véronique escape the house in a stolen car, pursued by Grizard and Mary, who have returned home. After a car chase in which their car flips, Jack and Véronique flee on foot. They encounter Delacroix, who, after a scuffle, accidentally impales himself on a farm tool. While Jack is not looking, Véronique kills Delacroix with a knife. Grizard finds her and has a flashback to when Véronique was a child. She claims then, as she does now, that she did not murder anyone and the death was accidental. In French, Mary and Grizard, revealed to be Véronique's parents, plead with her to return home and stop killing people, saying they cannot cover for her any more. Véronique refuses. Before Mary can tell Jack the truth in English, Véronique knocks Mary unconscious with the rifle and gags Grizard. As Véronique and Jack drive off together, Véronique checks to make sure she has brought along a large, bloody knife.


Shooting took place mostly in England; twenty days were shot there, and five in France. To simulate French driving conditions, Pastoll had to close off a section of road so they could drive on the right side.

Scenes were also filmed at St Clere, Kent, where Jack (Andrew Simpson), Veronique (Joséphine de La Baume) and Grizard (Frédéric Pierrot) arrive at the house and meet Mary (Barbara Crampton). Scenes also took place at Falconhurst in Kent, where Delacroix (Féodor Atkine) drugs Jack and takes him in to the van to his barn, where he feeds him and then puts him back into truck room which Jack escapes. Shooting also took place at Castle Farm - Lavendar, Kent where Jack (Andrew Simpson) and Veronique are seen running across the field away from Grizard and Mary.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 83% of 18 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 7/10. John DeFore of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, "Some of the surprises in store play better than others, whose narrative logic is difficult to fathom; then again, Pastoll's ultimate conceit leaves plenty of room for interpretation." Nicolas Rapold of "The New York Times" wrote that the film becomes "less chilling than mildly confusing, and a little disappointing", falling short of its influences from the 1980s.


</doc>
<doc id="43455933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43455933" title="Drones (2013 film)">
Drones (2013 film)

Drones is a 2013 American thriller film directed by Rick Rosenthal and starring Eloise Mumford and Matt O'Leary.

Two Airmen are tasked with deciding the fate of a terrorist with a single push of a button. As the action plays out in real time, their window to use a deadly military drone on the target slowly closes. With time running out, the Airmen begin to question what the real motives are behind the ordered lethal attack.





</doc>
<doc id="43456153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43456153" title="Mei Mei">
Mei Mei

Mei Mei is a 2009 Chinese and US co-production drama short film directed by Xu Xiaoxi and written by Roberto F. Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi. The film's premier took place in Hungary, where the film was part of the official selection at the ""3rd Annual Slow Film International Film Festival"", a successor to the 32-year-old ""Hungary Film Festival"" born of the Film Art Initiative that includes films from Europe and North America. "Mei Mei" was screened in late August 2009 to an international crowd and was received as one of the festival's finest.

"Mei Mei" tells the story of the neighbours Lulu and Julian. Lulu is a prostitute who receives constant visits from Julian, as he believes that she is his missing ex-girlfriend, Mei Mei. Thinking that he is merely trying to win her over, Lulu rejects his advances, but something happen that makes Lulu change her impression. From there, the two embark on a journey in search of companionship in a beautiful and heartbreaking love story.

Australian actress Janet Chiarabaglio, best known for her roles in "Songbird" (Official Selection of the 2007 Sundance Film Festival), "Inspector Gadget II", and "Jeopardy 3", appears in the lead role following her Jury Award at the Boston Independent Film Festival. Los Angeles-based Alex Best, whose feature credits include "American Dreamz" with Dennis Quaid and "Vicious Circle" (winner of the Best Film in the New York International Latino Film Festival) is the male lead of the cast, as the love sick Julian.

The film, due to the relationship that the main character Lulu establish with her "special friend" CoCo, was included in some LGBT events, as lesbianism is in the subtext of the story.

The film also received the nomination for Best Cinematography at the "Kodak Scholarship Awards" in the United States, 2009, being the official representative of NYFA from Los Angeles.

Lulu, a high class prostitute, receives constant visits from her neighbor Julian, as he believes that she is his missing ex-girlfriend Mei Mei. He begs her for the chance to start their relationship again. Lulu rejects him as she thinks that he is just making up stories to win her over. Soon she starts to miss him, however it may be late as she discovers that Julian has found the real Mei Mei, who looks startlingly similar to her.


"Mei Mei" director, Xu Xiaoxi, created the film as a graduation project at the New York Film Academy (NYFA) at the Universal Studios in Hollywood, but he finish the post-production after graduation, including the involving and atmospheric music of Andrea Centazzo. The film was one of the first collaborations of the director with the composer, that work together in the next projects, the feature film "Desire Street" and the short film "". In both cases Xu Xiaoxi co-directed with Roberto F. Canuto.

The film was shot on 16mm film by a grant from Kodak and the principal photography took place in the Summer 2008 in California. Some of the locations where Munholland Drive in Los Angeles and Burbank in California. The postproduction was completed in 2010.

Xu, in addition to his directorial films, has worked as a video artist, cinematographer, and editor, collaborating with Roberto F. Canuto in the short film "Toto Forever" (Best Short winner at the "3rd LesgaycinePTY International Film Festival" of Panama and Third Award at "9th Asturian Film Festival" in Spain, among other distinctions).

Director Xiaoxi Xu mentions that his focus in creating the film "“was to explore the internal feeling of an abused and beaten down woman that tries to move forward with her life, turning the tables and using men as objects through her career as a prostitute”". The film also addresses the question of identity. “"I create two characters that look identical and probably are also very similar in terms of general personality, but their life experiences and environment determine their confidence and how they find control in their lives.”"

"Mei Mei", as July 2014, is not being released in DVD or internet digital platforms. The distribution rights worldwide, own by the company "Almost Red Productions", are still available.

After the screening in ""Hungary's Slow International Film Festival"", the reactions were very positive, and it was received as one of the festival finest works. Some of the media mention that Mei Mei is a ""beautiful and heartbreaking love story"".
In addition to the festival selection, the film received a nomination for Best Cinematography at the "Kodak Scholarship Awards" 2009, in representation of NYFA from Universal Studios, Hollywood. The director of photography of "Mei Mei" was the filmmaker and usual collaborator of Xu, Roberto F. Canuto.



</doc>
<doc id="43456981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43456981" title="Against the Wild">
Against the Wild

Against the Wild is a 2013 Canadian direct-to-video children's film directed by Richard Boddington and starring CJ Adams, Erin Pitt, Natasha Henstridge and Ted Whittall.

13-year-old Zach Wade and 12-year-old Hannah are brother and sister, who's parents have separated and are planning a divorce. It's a tough time for the entire family. Life is made a little easier for Zach and Hannah though because they have their trusty dog, Chinook (an Alaskan Malamute), the three make a great team and they have a lot of fun together.

Zach, Hannah, and Chinook, will be flying deep into the wilderness to meet up with their father (Robert) who is the vice president of a mining operation.

On the appointed day the children and their dog are picked up at their dock. They kiss their mother goodbye and the sea plane takes off. The children are thrilled to ride in this small plane, and they really enjoy the company of the extremely nice company pilot, Charlie Foster.

The plane heads North deep into the expanse of the wilderness, below them Zach and Hannah see nothing but lakes, rivers, and trees. They marvel at the beauty of the scene.

Suddenly, the engine sputters then makes a loud bang! Black smoke pours out of the engine, Charlie struggles to keep the plane in the air as his instruments give him nothing but bad news. He tells the children to brace themselves for a crash landing. The plane comes in low and begins to smash into the trees before slamming into the ground hard.

Inside the plane the three humans are alive but unconscious from the impact of the crash. Chinook licks Hannah's face and Hannah wakes up, Hannah shakes her brother and he wakes up. Zach examines Charlie, he is alive but moans in a state of semi consciousness. Zach tries the radio, he turns the dials, sparks shoot out, the radio is dead.

Zach and Hannah decide that they must try and find help, they gather up any useful object they can find in the plane and set off with Chinook.

Meanwhile, Robert Wade has been notified that the plane is overdue and cannot be reached via radio. The worried Robert informs Susan. Robert begins to co-ordinate a search and rescue effort.

Zach and Hannah trek through the woods, they begin to realize that they are in more trouble than they thought. They discuss going back to the plane to await rescue, and soon discover that they are so lost that returning to the plane is now impossible.

Meanwhile, Robert has taken to the skies in the company helicopter and is conducting a detailed search of the area they believe the plane went down.

The children and Chinook come across a large cave and build a fire by the entrance. The fire slowly dies as Zach and Hannah talk, Chinook is alerted by a strange noise, something is watching the children from inside the cave. Chinook looks into the cave and growls, “what is it boy?” Zach inquires.

Suddenly something charges toward the children, Chinook gets up and barks wildly, Hannah screams in terror as a flock of quail blast past the children, scaring them half to death. Chinook chases the quail into the woods, Zach and Hannah take deep breaths of relief, when Hannah suddenly hears something. The sound of a distant chopper can be heard. The children run into the woods and try to get the helicopters attention with a flashlight. They are not seen and the chopper flies off.

In the morning the children notice a plateau far off in the distance and make it their goal to reach this high spot where they are sure they will be seen.

Meanwhile, Robert and Susan are growing increasingly impatient with the rescue effort. Robert is frustrated with the authorities and Susan is frustrated with her estranged husband. Robert and Susan are told they cannot join the search on foot as they might also become lost. The company helicopter is now out of commission due to oil leaks.

Zach, Hannah, & Chinook, set off again they walk for hours. Finally they reach a fast running river that they need to cross. The children find an old log that has fallen across the river and decide to use it to cross the water. Zach goes across first, then Chinook, as Hannah gets halfway across she slips and falls in the water.

Hannah is swept downstream, Hannah cries out to Zach and Chinook. Finally Chinook dives in and brings Hannah back to shore. Hannah has injured her ankle in the ordeal.

The children camp so that Hannah can rest and dry out. Zach is off collecting firewood with Chinook when three wolves enter the camp. Hannah desperately tries to hold them off with a stick from the fire. Zach and Chinook soon arrive back at the camp. Chinook charges in and confronts a wolf, Zach throws his baseball at the other, and the wolves are driven off.

Hannah is unable to walk on her ankle. Zach builds a travois (sled made from sticks) so that the powerful Chinook can pull her through the woods.

A ground search team finally locates the wreckage. Soon a barely alive Charlie Foster is being taken out of an air ambulance and into the hospital. He tells Zach and Hannah's father that he has no idea were the children went to, when he woke up they were gone. Leaving him only a note.

As the search for the children has progressed, Robert and Susan have grown closer as the ordeal has drawn them together.

Zach and Hannah find a beautiful waterfall with a sparkling stream. Chinook alerts the children to the salmon in the shallows. Zach finally catches one with his bare hands after several attempts. The children enjoy their meal and spend the night.

Zach and Hannah continue to make their way through the woods and come across a nice rest spot where they stop. From the forest comes a curious raccoon who raids Zach's backpack.

Zach and Hannah trudge on, as they come to a high spot Zach spots smoke rising from the forest. A forest fire is fast approaching them.

The children enter a clearing, Chinook stops, raises his ears, and begins to growl. A grizzly bear bursts from the trees and heads straight for the children and Chinook. Zach and Hannah are frozen with fear. Chinook barks, snaps, and lunges at the bear. The bear stands up on its hind legs and roars. Chinook does not back down, he continues to harass the bear. Zach and Hannah run for their lives finding shelter under a fallen tree. The grizzly does not give up and gives chase. The bear attempts to get at Zach and Hannah through the tree branches. Chinook arrives on the scene and bravely bites the bear's paw, hard. The bear limps off in pain. The children are saved and reunite with Chinook.

Meanwhile, back at the search and rescue camp, Robert has just been informed by the captain that the search has been called off due to the forest fire. A frustrated Robert weighs his options.

The children finally arrive at the plateau and celebrate their achievement. As Hannah and Chinook dance around in joy Zach does not realize how close to the edge he has come and falls over the side.

Hannah yells down to Zach, he's ok, but he has fallen quite a ways and can't get back up. Zach tells Hannah to go and get help but Hannah refuses to leave Zach. Hannah speaks to Chinook, through her tears she tells Chinook he has to find some help. Chinook bounds off into the woods alone.

Robert and Susan commandeer an ATV and begin to search on their own.

Chinook runs fast through the woods, through the clearings, over fallen logs, etc. Chinook is being watched by the three wolves he confronted earlier and they give chase. The wolves catch up to Chinook. Chinook runs hard and jumps across a gorge in a mighty leap. The wolves stop and decide not to follow.

Hannah continues to comfort Zach as he tries to deal with his predicament.

Robert and Susan drive their ATV fast through the woods when Chinook suddenly bursts from the forest in front of them. Susan yells to Robert, “follow him!” Robert and Susan are lead back to Hannah and Zach by Chinook. After a brief reunion Robert engineers the rescue of Zach by using a rope and harness tied to the ATV. Susan drives the ATV, while Hannah relays the instructions from her dad to her mother. The entire family unites to save Zach.

Once safely inside the ATV, Robert and Susan inform Zach and Hannah that the divorce has been called off and that they will all live together as a family once again.

Richard Boddington received the Director's Choice Grand Prize for the film at the 2013 Rhode Island International Film Festival.

Since the film was not released in theaters, being direct-to-video, its financial profits were from DVD sales only which amounted to about $2 million.

"Against The Wild" was nominated for an International Emmy Award in 2014.

"Against the Wild 2: Survive the Serengeti" was released in American theatres in February 2016, the only Canadian film to be released in the US that year.


</doc>
<doc id="43458174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43458174" title="Free Love (film)">
Free Love (film)

Free Love is a 1930 Pre-Code, talking film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures, directed by Hobart Henley and starring Conrad Nagel.


A print of this film is in the collection of the Library of Congress.



</doc>
<doc id="43458563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43458563" title="The Right of Way (1931 film)">
The Right of Way (1931 film)

The Right of Way is a 1931 American pre-Code film directed by Frank Lloyd and produced and distributed by First National Pictures. It stars Conrad Nagel and Loretta Young. The story was filmed previously in 1915 and in 1920.


A copy of "The Right of Way" is preserved at the Library of Congress.



</doc>
<doc id="43459254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43459254" title="Three Who Loved">
Three Who Loved

Three Who Loved is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix based on a story by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Martin Flavin. The film revolves around a love triangle (Betty Compson, Conrad Nagel, and Robert Ames). It was produced by RKO Pictures, which also distributed the film, releasing it on July 3, 1931.

A print of this film is held by Library of Congress.

Helga Larson Hanson is living in Sweden, but is engaged to the American fledgling attorney John Hanson. Hanson has Helga move to the United States, and sets her up in the same boarding house he lives in, prior to their marriage. His summons of her might be a bit premature, since once she arrives, he is too busy with his job and preparing for his bar exam, to spend much time with her. Lonely, she becomes attracted to a co-worker of Hanson's, Phil Wilson, who sees an opportunity to use Helga's loneliness to have his way with her.

Hanson is oblivious to Wilson's intent, believing him to be a friend. As time goes on, their landlady, Aunt Annie, becomes suspicious of Wilson, and warns Hanson. When Hanson confronts his co-worker, of course Hanson lies, assuring him that his interest in Helga is simply platonic. Clueless, Hanson accepts this explanation. Meanwhile Wilson continues his seduction of Helga, finally getting her to sleep with him by falsely promising to marry her.

Meanwhile, Hanson gets himself into some legal difficulty, when his investments go south and he loses the money he had been saving to buy a house for Helga and himself. Fearing that his loss of the money might lead to his losing Helga, he steals the balance from Wilson's drawer. When the theft is discovered, Wilson is naturally blamed, and Hanson, having learned of Helga's infidelity with Wilson, lets him be arrested for the crime. Heartbroken, Helga settles for marriage with Hanson.

Years later, Wilson breaks out of prison, and goes to confront Hanson, who is now living with Helga and their young child. When Wilson realizes that Helga is still in love with Wilson, he decides to own up to the crime. Before he can, however, Helga realizes that she has grown to love him. As Wilson tries to flee from their house, he is shot and killed by police. Helga begs Hanson not to confess, since there is no longer a reason to, but Hanson must clear his conscience. As he is led away, Helga vows that she will be waiting for him when he is eventually released.




</doc>
<doc id="43459443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43459443" title="Fighting Caballero">
Fighting Caballero

Fighting Caballero is a 1935 American black-and-white Western B-film produced by Weiss Productions Inc. and distributed by Superior Talking Pictures Inc. It was one of a series of Westerns starring Rex Lease. It was produced by Louis Weiss from a screenplay by Elmer Clifton and George M. Merrick, and directed by Clifton.



</doc>
<doc id="43459717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43459717" title="Electric Boogaloo: The Wild, Untold Story of Cannon Films">
Electric Boogaloo: The Wild, Untold Story of Cannon Films

Electric Boogaloo: The Wild, Untold Story of Cannon Films is a 2014 Australian-American comedic documentary film written and directed by Mark Hartley. It focuses on the story of The Cannon Group.


The film was partly funded by Brett Ratner's RatPac-Dune Entertainment. Other investors included the Melbourne International Film Festival’s Premiere Fund, Film Victoria, and Screen Queensland.

"Electric Boogaloo" had its world premiere in August 2014 at the Melbourne International Film Festival, and was shown in October 2014 at the BFI London Film Festival.

The film received critical acclaim. review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film has a 95% approval rating, based on reviews from 37 critics, with an average rating of 7.4/10. The site's consensus states: ""Electric Boogaloo: The Wild, Untold Story of Cannon Films" pays tribute to the titular studio with an affectionate look back that's arguably more entertaining than much of Cannon's own B-movie product."




</doc>
<doc id="43461243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43461243" title="The Hot Choc-late Soldiers">
The Hot Choc-late Soldiers

The Hot Choc-late Soldiers, also stylized as "The Hot Chocolate Soldiers", is an American animated short film that was made by Walt Disney Productions for MGM's 1934 film "Hollywood Party", which premiered on June 1, 1934. It is prefaced in the film by a scene where Mickey Mouse appears at the party, performs a brief Durante impression, and then sits down at a piano, after which "The Hot Choc-late Soldiers" begins to play. Due to stipulations in the contract between Disney and Turner Entertainment, the short was edited out of the film when it was screened on TNT, however Turner was able to negotiate the licenses so that the footage was included in a 1992 VHS release of "Hollywood Party" and for subsequent releases.

The short contains no vocals other than a song performed by Don Wilson that describes the events of the cartoon.

A group of confectionery soldiers go to war against a neighboring cookie castle. As the army parade through the city streets, Chocolate Ladies and Soldiers' wives blow kisses to bid them goodbye. After multiple thwarted attempts to enter, the soldiers successfully conquer the fort defended by a troop of Gingerbread Soldiers by using a cunning Trojan Horse shaped like a large, candy-colored pigeon. The soldiers then take their Gingerbread prisoners to their city, but the sun beats down on the soldiers and melts them into a river of chocolate.

In 1933, MGM contracted Disney to create a "'Silly Symphony' type" sequence for the film (then called "Hollywood Revue"). In the contract, MGM stipulated that they wanted a sequence that was 400 feet in length and that they would pay Disney $64,000 ($80,000 if it was in technicolor) in four installments. The contract also stated that the short would not appear in 16 mm and television showings of the film and that Disney would create the musical score for the short, with MGM providing the musicians, sound effects, and recording equipment.

One of the short's original concepts was to focus on movie-star caricatures, which was dropped in favor of the song "Hot Choc-late Soldiers", which was written by MGM songwriters Nacio Herb Brown and Arthur Freed for the short. Despite the earlier contract, the soundtrack was recorded at Disney's studio. Animation for the film was overseen by Ben Sharpsteen, who guided a group of young artists that included Cy Young and Ugo D'Orsi. Production on the short occurred in the summer and fall of 1933 and a completed version of "The Hot Choc-late Soldiers" was sent to MGM in the beginning of November, only for the studio to return the short with a request to re-work the final scenes featuring the melted chocolate soldiers. The final version of the short was delivered to MGM on January 22, 1934.

The short is prefaced by a brief cameo by Mickey Mouse (who was voiced by Walt Disney himself), which was not initially intended to be included in the film but came about after a pitch for the character to appear in the 1933 film "Meet the Baron" was dropped. It represented Mickey's first actual appearance in a feature film, but was removed from the film upon its release to television. Mickey's appearance was intended to be used as a way to segue to the short, but the scene was subject to a series of re-writes as at this point in time Mickey Mouse shorts were built around "visual, rather than verbal, humor". The script went through so many re-writes that the scene's production took far less time to animate than it did to write. Scriptwriting for the scene began in May 1933 and was completed around late September 1933. The completed scene was delivered to MGM in November 1933.

Much of the reception for "The Hot Choc-late Soldiers" focused upon its appearance in the film "Hollywood Party". During "Hollywood Party's" initial release the short was seen as a highlight of a film that was largely panned by critics, a viewpoint shared by J. B. Kaufman and Roger Dooley. Critics like the City University of New York professor David Bakish and "Velvet Light Trap's" Allen Larson would later comment on how the appearance of Mickey and the introduction of the short felt abrupt and unintegrated with the rest of the film.

Warner Bros. Pictures (via Turner Entertainment Co.) and Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures (via Walt Disney Pictures and Walt Disney Animation Studios) currently rights shared of this short film as well as the feature film, "Hollywood Party" because of both Turner's ownership of pre-1986 MGM library and most of Walt Disney Productions classic library owned by The Walt Disney Company, which currently stored in Disney Vault. Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment also published in the Disney video game, "". This is also the first of few Disney animated short film produced and distributed by an outside studio.



</doc>
<doc id="43461665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43461665" title="The Darkness (film)">
The Darkness (film)

The Darkness is a 2016 American supernatural horror film, directed by Greg McLean and co-written by McLean, Shayne Armstrong, and Shane Krause. The film stars Kevin Bacon, Radha Mitchell, David Mazouz, Lucy Fry, Matt Walsh, Jennifer Morrison, Ming-Na Wen and Parker Mack.

The film is about a family who visits the Grand Canyon and brings home a supernatural force that feeds off their fears and takes over their lives. Filming began in April 2014 in Los Angeles and ended in May the same year.

Blumhouse Tilt and High Top Releasing released the film on May 13, 2016 (Friday the 13th). It received negative reviews from critics, but grossed $10.9 million against a $4 million budget.

Peter and Bronny Taylor go on a vacation to the Grand Canyon in Arizona with Stephanie, their teenage daughter, and Mikey, their adolescent autistic son. Mikey discovers a small Kiva cavern, where he finds black rocks with symbols on them. He takes the rocks, keeping a secret untold.

When the Taylors return home, strange things begin to happen. Bronny finds that the kitchen taps keep turning on, and Stephanie sees handprints on a steamy mirror, both of which Mikey blames on “Jenny”. After Stephanie gets home from school, she vomits into a container and puts it under her bed. Bronny catches her, and she and Peter learn that Stephanie has been throwing up for a while; there are many such containers under her bed. They take Stephanie to a hospital for help, leaving Mikey at Bronny's mother's house. Bronny's mother finds Mikey trying to kill her cat, much to Peter’s disbelief.

At home, Bronny searches online for answers to the strange activity and learns about the Anasazi Indians, who have believed that demons were bound to rocks hidden in caves. If the rocks are taken, the demons take the shape of a crow, snake, coyote, wolf, and buffalo. The family has already had encounters with a crow and a snake. The demons connect to young children who are dragged into their world, triggering an event known as 'The Darkness'. The only way they can be banished is if the rocks are returned to where they were found by someone who is not afraid.

Bronny finds a wall on fire in Mikey's room, but Peter rules out the possibility of ghosts. They later find Mikey covered in black marks from the fire, with blood pouring from his mouth. Later that night, Bronny has a nightmare of a wolf. Depressed, she starts drinking. In Mikey's room, the fire-damaged part of the wall is revealed to be a portal. Stephanie begins being choked by handprints appearing all over her wall and body. In the tree house, Peter sees a coyote, and then sees the shadow of a demon in Stephanie's window. The force stops choking Stephanie as Peter rushes in. Peter then breaks down Mikey's bathroom door, and finds him with marks all over the walls and ceiling.

Peter calls a number given to him by his boss. It is a woman named Teresa, who is said to perform spiritual healings. Teresa comes over with her granddaughter named Gloria, who acts as a translator. As they cleanse the house, Teresa and Gloria go into Mikey's room, and note that this is where the real evil lives. They recite a chant as Mikey tries to enter the portal.

When they realize Mikey's gone, the family races upstairs. Peter sees Mikey walking into the portal with the demons. He finds the stones and follows Mikey into the portal, but can't set the stones down due to his fear. He offers to swap places with Mikey but Mikey ends the event of 'The Darkness' by picking the stones up and putting them back down, saying that he is not afraid. The demons have been completely banished, and Peter and Mikey jump out of the portal together. It disappears, and Gloria declares that the house is clean of evil energy as Peter and his family reunite together.


On February 25, 2014, Kevin Bacon and Radha Mitchell signed on to star in the film. On March 5, director Greg McLean stated, "The story is based on a true story that was relayed to me first-hand many years ago about an actual haunting." On April 11, David Mazouz was added to the film. On May 6, Ming-Na Wen joined the cast of the film, and on May 7, Lucy Fry was added to the cast to play Stephanie, the Taylor family's daughter. Trian Long-Smith also joined the film on the same day, to play Sammy Levin, the savvy, bright and flirtatious intern working for Peter Taylor’s character. On May 9, Matt Walsh joined the cast of the film, to play Gary Carter. Parker Mack also joined the film. On May 14, Jennifer Morrison was added to the cast to play Joy Carter, Gary's wife and also a mother of a child.

Principal photography began in April 2014 in Los Angeles, and ended in May 2014. The film was shot with the camera Arri Alexa Plus 4:3, as revealed by cinematographer Toby Oliver.

On June 2, 2014, Johnny Klimek was hired to score the film.

"The Darkness" was projected to gross $3–5 million from 1,755 theaters in its opening weekend. The film grossed $206,000 from its Thursday night previews and $2.1 million on its first day. It went on to gross $4.9 million in its opening weekend, finishing 4th at the box office, behind "" ($72.6 million), "The Jungle Book" ($17.1 million), and fellow newcomer "Money Monster" ($14.8 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 3%, based on 32 reviews, with an average rating of 2.7/10. The site's consensus reads, ""The Darkness" clumsily relies on an assortment of genre tropes, leaving only the decidedly non-frightening ghost of superior horror films in its wake." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 27 out of 100, based on 10 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C" on an A+ to F scale. It is currently Blumhouse Productions' worst reviewed film to date.



</doc>
<doc id="43465238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43465238" title="Annihilator (film)">
Annihilator (film)

Annihilator is a 1986 science fiction television film directed by Michael Chapman and starring Mark Lindsay Chapman, Catherine Mary Stewart, and Lisa Blount. It was an unsold pilot for a potential TV series.

A newspaper reporter, Robert Armour, is in a romantic relationship with another reporter, Angela. Angela, along with her friend, Cindy (a photographer for the paper) take a flight to Hawaii. When Angela and Cindy return from the vacation, they act strangely, causing Robert to be concerned, and the women turn out to be androids who try to kill Robert. An alien force planning on taking over the world caused Flight 508 to disappear; they abducted the human passengers and replaced them with identical-looking androids. Robert now becomes the hunter and hunted, knowing he must hunt down the androids.




</doc>
<doc id="43465362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43465362" title="Knock Knock (2015 film)">
Knock Knock (2015 film)

Knock Knock is a 2015 American erotic horror thriller film directed by Eli Roth, who also co-wrote the script with Guillermo Amoedo and Nicolás López. The film stars Keanu Reeves, Lorenza Izzo, and Ana de Armas. The film was released on October 9, 2015, by Lionsgate Premiere. "Knock Knock" is a remake of the 1977 film "Death Game", which was directed by Peter S. Traynor and starred Sondra Locke and Colleen Camp. All three individuals had a hand in the production of "Knock Knock", while Camp also had a cameo in the newer film.

Architect and happily married man Evan Webber (Keanu Reeves) has the house to himself and his dog, Monkey, on Father's Day weekend due to work and a physical therapy appointment for a shoulder injury while his wife and children go on a family-planned beach trip. His wife Karen (Ignacia Allamand), a successful artist, leaves their assistant Louis (Aaron Burns) in charge of her sculpture that needs to be moved to an art gallery.

Two women, Genesis (Lorenza Izzo) and Bel (Ana de Armas) knock on Evan's door. He opens the door and they say that they are looking for the address of a party. As they have no means of communication, Evan allows them in to use the Internet and get hold of the party's host. The girls make themselves at home and Evan plays a few of his old vinyl records he has from when he was a DJ. They then disappear to the bathroom when their driver arrives. Evan tries to convince them to leave, but as they start forcing themselves upon him, he gives in and has a threesome with them.

After Evan, Genesis, and Bel have had sex, Evan finds out that his wife's sculpture has been vandalized by the girls. When Evan threatens to call the police, the girls reveal they are underage. Vivian (Colleen Camp), a friend of Karen's, stops by to see if Evan needs help. Seeing Genesis, Vivian angrily leaves. When Evan threatens to report a break-in, they give in and agree to be taken home.

He then returns home, cleans the mess, and tries to go back to his work. Just as he is getting closer to completing his project, he hears a shattering noise. He finds a broken picture frame of his family and Genesis knocks him out with one of his wife's sculptures. Bel climbs onto him trying to arouse him while role-playing as a Schoolgirl in his daughter's school uniform. Evan initially refuses, but the girls threaten to FaceTime his wife with him unless he agrees with their methods. Bel rapes him, and Genesis records everything. However, Evan releases himself, knocking Bel off. He charges at Genesis, but is then disarmed by her and Bel who tie him up to a chair with an electrical cord.

Louis arrives to collect the sculpture and finds Evan, but before he can help him he hears the girls smashing the vandalized sculpture. He runs to stop them, but then has an asthma attack and realizes they took his inhaler. As he tries to get it back, he slips on a piece of the sculpture, hits his head while falling, and dies. They turn Louis's body into a red sculpture and dig a makeshift grave in the backyard for Evan. They also use both Evan's and Louis' phones to text and make it look like Louis discovered that Evan had an affair with Louis' wife and because of this, was murdered by Evan. They tie Evan up with a hose, then bury him in the hole, leaving only his head above ground. The two then reveal how the entire ordeal was merely a "game", as they never intended to kill Evan nor are either of them underage and that everything they did was part of a wicked hobby of seducing, torturing, and ruining the homes of married men with children. Genesis shows Evan the video she recorded earlier with his phone of him and Bel having sex. As Evan watches on, she uploads it to his Facebook profile. They depart for another victim and take Monkey with them, leaving Evan to his fate as Karen and the kids arrive to find the house ruined, with Evan's son, Jake saying "Daddy had a party".

In an alternate ending Evan takes his revenge by finding the girls in another house, where he knocks on the door and the girls ask 'Who's there'.


On April 4, 2014, Keanu Reeves was added to the cast to play Evan Webber. Chilean actress Ignacia Allamand also joined the film. The shooting took place in Santiago de Chile. Eli Roth stated that filming in Chile is easier than in the United States.

On January 26, 2015 Lionsgate acquired the distribution rights to the film. "Knock Knock" premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2015. The film was released on October 9, 2015 in the United States.

Knock Knock was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 8, 2015.

On Metacritic, the film has a score of 53 out of 100, based on 22 critics, indicating that it received "mixed or average reviews". Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 37%, based on 71 reviews, with an average rating of 5.22/10. The site's consensus states: ""Knock Knock" brings a lot of talent to bear on its satirical approach to torture horror, but not effectively enough to overcome its repetitive story or misguidedly campy tone."

Dread Central awarded it a score of four out of five, saying "what we do have is a home invasion film for the social media generation (yes, it does feature social media in its plot) that should make you think twice before offering warmth and shelter to a stranger on a dark and stormy night."




</doc>
<doc id="43467062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43467062" title="The Hollars">
The Hollars

The Hollars is a 2016 American comedy-drama film directed by John Krasinski and written by James C. Strouse. The film stars an ensemble cast led by Krasinski, starring Sharlto Copley, Charlie Day, Richard Jenkins, Anna Kendrick and Margo Martindale. The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2016. The film was released on August 26, 2016, by Sony Pictures Classics.

Struggling New York City graphic novelist John Hollar learns that his mother, Sally is diagnosed with a brain tumor, and joins his brother, Ron, and father, Don, by her side. Her attending physician Dr. Fong tells them that the tumor is scheduled to be removed later that week. John is also facing the birth of his first child with his girlfriend Rebecca. Ron is spying on his ex-wife Stacey, whom he divorced years ago, but he is confronted by her new partner Reverend Dan. John meets his high school classmate and mother's nurse Jason, who married Gwen, his ex-girlfriend. Jason rightly suspects that Gwen only married him after becoming pregnant with their child, and still has feelings for John.

Don is forced to work at the wine shop to support his failing plumbing business. At night, Ron sneaks inside Stacey's house to see his two daughters, but is subsequently arrested by the police when Stacey finds out. He is immediately bailed when Rev. Dan learns how much he loves his kids. One day before her operation, John and Sally sneak out of the hospital to enjoy her last meal. On the day of the operation, the doctors successfully remove the tumor, but later, she dies with Don at her side. Don emotionally reads a letter Sally wrote before she died. Rev. Dan marries John and Rebecca, and later, in the middle of their mother's funeral, John, Ron, and Don rush Rebecca to the hospital as she goes into labor.


On May 5, 2014, it was announced John Krasinski would direct the film, with Krasinski, Anna Kendrick, Margo Martindale and Richard Jenkins joining the cast. Principal photography and production began on July 15, 2014, and ended on August 15, 2014. Principal photography took place on location in Mississippi, including Brookhaven, Jackson and Canton. According to Krasinski, editing was completed on January 16, 2015. Josh Ritter composed the film's score.

"The Hollars" premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2016. On January 29, 2016, Sony Pictures Classics acquired all rights to its United States and Asia release. The film was released on August 26, 2016, by Sony Pictures Classics.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 46%, based on 90 reviews, with an average rating of 5.39/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Hollars" gathers an impressive assortment of talented stars; unfortunately, it's all in service of a story that's been played out more effectively in countless other indie dramedies." Metacritic gives the film a score of 53 out of 100, based on 27 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="43467344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43467344" title="Black Water Gold">
Black Water Gold

Black Water Gold is a 1970 American made-for-television adventure drama film starring Keir Dullea, Bradford Dillman, France Nuyen, Aron Kincaid, and Ricardo Montalban. It was aired on January 6, 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space.



</doc>
<doc id="43472499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43472499" title="Alice Through the Looking Glass (2016 film)">
Alice Through the Looking Glass (2016 film)

Alice Through the Looking Glass is a 2016 American fantasy adventure film directed by James Bobin, written by Linda Woolverton and produced by Tim Burton, Joe Roth, Suzanne Todd, and Jennifer Todd. It is based on the characters created by Lewis Carroll and is the sequel to the 2010 film "Alice in Wonderland", a live-action reimagining of Disney's 1951 animated film of the same name. The film stars Johnny Depp, Anne Hathaway, Mia Wasikowska, Matt Lucas, Rhys Ifans, Helena Bonham Carter, and Sacha Baron Cohen and features the voices of Stephen Fry, Michael Sheen, Timothy Spall, and Alan Rickman in his final film role.

In the film, Alice comes across a magical looking glass that takes her back to Wonderland, where she finds that the Mad Hatter is acting madder than usual and wants to discover the truth about his family. Alice then travels through time (with the "Chronosphere"), comes across friends and enemies at different points of their lives, and embarks on a race to save the Hatter before time runs out.

The film premiered in London on May 10, 2016, and was theatrically released by Walt Disney Pictures on May 27, 2016. "Alice Through the Looking Glass" received generally negative reviews from critics, with praise for its performances and visual effects, but criticism for its lack of originality, story and characters. The film had grossed $299 million on a budget of $170 million, becoming a box office bomb. 

The film is dedicated to Rickman, four months after his death on January 14, 2016.

Alice Kingsleigh has spent the past three years following her father's footsteps and sailing the high seas. Upon her return to London from China, she learns that her ex-fiancé, Hamish Ascot, has taken over his deceased father's company and plans to have Alice sign over her father's ship in exchange for her family home. Alice follows a butterfly she recognizes as the Caterpillar and returns to Wonderland through a mirror. Alice is greeted by the White Queen, the White Rabbit, the Tweedles, the Dormouse, the March Hare, the Bloodhound and the Cheshire Cat. They inform her that the Mad Hatter is acting madder than usual because his family is missing. Alice tries to console him, but he remains certain that his family survived the attack of the Jabberwocky. The White Queen, believing that finding the Hatter's family is the only way to restore his health, sends Alice to consult Time and convince him to save the Hatter's family in the past. The White Queen warns Alice that history will be destroyed if a person's past and present selves meet. Upon entering the Castle of Eternity, Alice finds the Chronosphere, an object that controls all of time in Wonderland.

After Time tells Alice that altering the past is impossible, she steals the Chronosphere and travels back in time, shortly after finding the exiled Red Queen in Time's care. The Red Queen orders Time to pursue Alice, who accidentally travels to the Red Queen's coronation. There, a younger Mad Hatter mocks the Red Queen when the royal crown does not fit her abnormal head. When her crown breaks, the Red Queen throws a tantrum that causes her head to swell. Her father deems her unfit to rule and passes the title of queen to her younger sister, the White Queen. Alice learns of an event in both the Queens' pasts that causes friction between the two, and she travels back in time again, hoping to change the Red Queen's character and cease the Jabberwocky from killing the Hatter's family. The young White Queen steals a tart from her mother and eats it. When confronted by their mother, she lies about eating the tart, which gets her sister accused and causes her to run out of the castle in a fit. Alice sees her about to run into a clock and believes this to be the event that deforms her head and personality. She manages to move the clock out of the way, but fails to change the past as the Red Queen stumbles and hits her head anyway.

Alice is confronted by a weakened Time, who berates her for putting all of time in danger. She runs into a nearby mirror back into the real world, where she wakes up in a mental hospital, diagnosed with female hysteria. With the help of her mother, she returns to Wonderland, where she travels to the Jabberwocky attack and discovers that the Hatter's family did not die, but were captured by the Red Queen's Red Knights. Returning to the present, Alice discovers the Mad Hatter at the brink of death. After Alice tearfully says that she believes him, the Hatter awakens and reforms back to his normal self. The Wonderlanders go to the Red Queen's castle and find the Hatter's family shrunk and trapped in an ant farm. The Red Queen apprehends them and steals the Chronosphere from Alice, taking her sister back to the day she lied about the tart. By the time Alice and Hatter get there, the Red Queen and her past self see each other. This creates a time paradox, and Wonderland quickly turns to rust. Using the Chronosphere, Alice and the Hatter race back to the present, where Alice is able to place the Chronosphere back in its original place. With the Chronosphere stabilized, Wonderland reverts to normal. The Mad Hatter reunites with his family. The White Queen apologizes to her sister for lying, and both of them make amends. Alice bids her friends farewell and returns to the real world where her mother refuses to turn Alice's ship over to Hamish, and the two set to travel the world on behalf of their own company.


The film was announced via "Variety" in December 2012. Bobin was first approached about the project while doing post-production work on Disney's "Muppets Most Wanted". Of being asked, Bobin has said that "I just couldn't pass it up", as he has a passion for the works of Lewis Carroll as well as history in general. On January 21, 2014, the film was again retitled to "Alice in Wonderland: Through the Looking Glass".

In July 2013, it was announced that Johnny Depp would return as the Hatter, with Mia Wasikowska's return confirmed the following November. In January 2014 Sacha Baron Cohen joined the cast to play Time. In May 2014, Rhys Ifans joined the cast to play Zanik Hightopp, the Mad Hatter's father. In developing the character of "Time", Bobin sought to avoid creating a "straight-up bad guy", noting that it would be "a bit dull", and also that the role in that universe already existed in the form of The Red Queen. Instead, Bobin sought to make Time a "Twit", further explaining that "There's no one better at playing the confident idiot trope than Sacha Baron Cohen", and adding that "it was very much with Sacha in mind". Additionally, Toby Jones and John Sessions were originally announced to voice Wilkins and Humpty Dumpty in the film, the roles were eventually given to Matt Vogel and Wally Wingert.

Principal photography began on August 4, 2014, at Shepperton Studios. In August 2014, filming took place in Gloucester Docks, which included the use of at least four historic ships: "Kathleen and May", "Irene", "Excelsior", and the "Earl of Pembroke", the last of which was renamed "The Wonder" for filming. Principal photography ended on October 31, 2014.

The film's score was composed by Danny Elfman. The soundtrack was released on May 27, 2016, by Walt Disney Records. Pink recorded the song "Just Like Fire" for the film, and also covered Jefferson Airplane's "White Rabbit", only used in the film's promotional material.

All music composed by Danny Elfman.

"Alice Through the Looking Glass" premiered in London on May 10, 2016, and was theatrically released on May 27, 2016, in the United States by Walt Disney Pictures.

"Alice Through the Looking Glass" was released on Blu-ray, DVD, Blu-ray 3D and digital download on October 18, 2016, by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment. It debuted at No. 2 in the Blu-ray Disc sales charts.

"Alice Through the Looking Glass" grossed $77 million in the United States and Canada and $222.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $299.5 million, against a production budget of $170 million. "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated the film lost the studio around $70 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

"Alice Through the Looking Glass" opened in the United States and Canada on May 27, 2016, alongside "", and was initially projected to gross $55–60 million from 3,763 theaters over its four-day Memorial Day opening weekend, but projections were continuously revised downwards due to poor word of mouth. It had the added benefit of playing in over 3,100 3D theaters, 380 IMAX screens, 77 premium large formats and 79 D-box locations. It made $1.5 million from Thursday previews (to the first film's $3.9 million) and just $9.7 million on its first day, compared to the $41 million opening Friday of its predecessor. Through its opening weekend, it earned $26.9 million, which when compared to its predecessor's $116 million opening is down 70%. While 3D represented 71% ($82 million) of the original film's opening gross, 3D constituted only 41% ($11 million) for this sequel, with 29% coming from traditional 3D shows, 11% from IMAX, and 1% from premium large formats. It was the studio's third production with a low Memorial Day opening after "Tomorrowland" in 2015 and "" in 2010. During its first week, the film grossed $40.1 million. In its second weekend, the film grossed $11.3 million (a 55.1% drop), finishing 4th at the box office.

The film was released across 43 countries (72% of its total market place) the same weekend as the US, and was estimated to gross $80–100 million in its opening weekend. It faced competition from "Warcraft" and "X-Men: Apocalypse". It ended up grossing $62.7 million, which is well below the projections of which $4.1 million came from IMAX shows. It had an opening weekend gross in Mexico ($4.5 million), Brazil ($4.1 million), and Russia ($3.9 million). In the United Kingdom and Ireland, it had an unsuccessful opening by grossing just £2.23 million ($3.1 million) during its opening weekend, a mere 21% of the first film's £10.56 million ($15.2 million) opening from 603 theaters. It debuted in second place behind "" which was on its second weekend of play. In China, it had an opening day of an estimated $7.3 million and went on to score the second biggest Disney live-action (non-Marvel or Lucasfilm) opening ever with $26.6 million, behind only "The Jungle Book". However, this was down from its $35–45 million projections. It debuted at the No. 1 spot among newly released film in Japan with $5.2 million and $4.1 million on Saturday and Sunday. By comparison, the first film opened with $14 million on its way to a $133.6 million a total.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 29% based on 250 reviews, and an average rating of 4.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Alice Through the Looking Glass" is just as visually impressive as its predecessor, but that isn't enough to cover for an underwhelming story that fails to live up to its classic characters." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 34 out of 100 based on 42 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale, the same grade earned by its predecessor, while those at PostTrak gave it an overall positive score of 79% and a "definite recommend" of 51%. Moreover, the film garnered three Golden Raspberry Awards, but all were lost against "".

Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" wrote in his review, "What does all this have to do with Lewis Carroll? Hardly anything" and that overall, "It's just an excuse on which to hang two trite overbearing fables and one amusing one". Ty Burr of "The Boston Globe" gave the movie 1.5 out of 4 stars and called the film, "gaudy, loud, complacent, and vulgar." Stephen Whitty of "New York Daily News" called the film "hugely expensive and extravagantly stupid" and that, overall, the movie "is just one more silly Hollywood mashup, an innocent fantasy morphed into a noisy would-be blockbuster".

Matt Zoller Seitz of "RogerEbert.com" was deeply critical of "Alice Through the Looking Glass", describing it as: 

Kyle Smith of "New York Post" gave the film a positive review: "The screenplay (by Linda Woolverton) isn't exactly heaving with brilliant ideas, but it works well enough as a blank canvas against which the special-effects team goes bonkers". Matthew Lickona of "San Diego Reader" said that while he found the visual effects to be "stupidly expensive" and the story familiar, he called it, "a solid kids’ movie in the old style".



</doc>
<doc id="43482903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43482903" title="The Blackout (2009 film)">
The Blackout (2009 film)

The Blackout is a 2009 American science fiction horror film directed by Robert David Sanders and starring Barbara Streifel Sanders, Joseph Dunn, Ian Malcolm, Michael Caruso, Caroline Rich, Anthony Tedesco, and James Martinez. The film is about the occupants of The Ravenwood as they try to escape the building during a citywide blackout, all the while being stalked by terrifying creatures.

The film takes place during Christmas Eve when a citywide blackout traps the tenants in The Ravenwood. As the building's occupants try to escape the building they find themselves stalked and attacked by terrifying creatures. The group must work together in order to escape and survive the blackout.


"The Blackout" was released in the United States on December 24, 2009. In Spain the film was premiered on television on September 30, 2012. The film was released on DVD on August 30, 2013. The film was released on DVD in the UK on August 30, 2010, on March 30, 2009 it was announced that Starway Pictures had acquired rights to distribute the film internationally and Cinemavault distributing the film in Canada.

Scott A. Johnson from Dread Central awarded the film a score of 2.5 out of 5, writing, "Although admirably ambitious for what was obviously a very low budget creature feature, I do believe another rewrite or two and a more charismatic cast were the ills that prevented "The Blackout" from shining brighter than it did."
"HorrorNews.net" gave the film a negative review, criticizing the story as being "trite and too convenient". Andrew Smith from "Popcorn Pictures" gave the film a score of 4/10, writing, ""The Blackout" is paint-by-numbers monster movie making at its most predictable. A few decent ideas are dwarfed by the rehash of a lot of plagiarized ideas. Ambition seems to have been held back by budget or unwillingness to experiment with the formula and that’s a pity."


</doc>
<doc id="43484221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43484221" title="Nancy, Please">
Nancy, Please

Nancy, Please is a 2012 American drama film directed by Andrew Semans. It stars Will Rogers as Paul, a PhD candidate struggling to complete his thesis who gets into a seemingly insignificant conflict with his former roommate, Nancy (Eléonore Hendricks), over a missing book. Paul's partner, Jen (Rebecca Lawrence Levy), and his friend, Charlie (Santino Fontana), unsuccessfully try to help resolve the conflict.

"Nancy, Please" has received favorable reviews from film critics. Rotten Tomatoes reports 100% positive reviews and an average rating of 7.8/10 from 8 critics, while Metacritic reports an average score of 76/100 from 5 critics. Jeannette Catsoulis in "The New York Times" appreciates the "tone that’s precisely balanced between terror and farce". In "The Hollywood Reporter", Frank Scheck writes that "Andrew Semans presents an engrossing psychological thriller for his feature debut."



</doc>
<doc id="43484864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43484864" title="The Pyramid (film)">
The Pyramid (film)

The Pyramid is a 2014 American found footage supernatural horror film directed by Grégory Levasseur, in his directorial debut, produced by Alexandre Aja, and distributed by 20th Century Fox. The plot follows an archaeological team attempting to unlock the secrets of a lost pyramid only to find themselves hunted by an insidious creature, and stars Ashley Hinshaw, Denis O'Hare, James Buckley and Daniel Amerman. "The Pyramid" was released on December 5, 2014, and was negatively received by critics.

In Egypt, a three-sided pyramid is discovered buried below the desert surface by an archaeological team led by Dr. Miles Holden. After a remote-controlled rover vehicle sent to map the interior goes offline the team enters the pyramid to recover it. They soon become lost and enter a room with an unstable floor that collapses beneath them, injuring Zahir whose leg is crushed and pinned beneath debris. Sunni attempts to climb back up but is attacked by an emaciated, feline creature and forced to retreat. The team leaves Zahir to look for a way out. Moments later, Zahir's screams are heard - the team return to find only his severed leg left pinned under the rock.

Chased through a tunnel by a pack of the creatures, they are rescued by an Egyptian soldier who is then killed by a larger creature. The team comes upon a carved mural that depicts passages from the Book of the Dead and its guide to immortality – Anubis's weighing of the heart for access into the afterlife. Sunni falls into a pit and is impaled on several spikes before she is set upon by the creatures. The team try to rescue her but she succumbs to her injuries and the team is forced to retreat.

The team finds a burial chamber which contains the corpse of a 19th Century explorer along with his journal detailing a possible escape route. As Holden examines the map a clawed hand stabs through his chest, tearing out his heart. His daughter Nora and cameraman Fitzie flee, but after realizing they're trapped, they return to find Holden still alive tied to a large scale. The large creature re-enters the room and Nora identifies it as the Egyptian god Anubis, who weighs Holden's heart to determine his worthiness to enter the afterlife. He dies when Anubis eats his heart.

After Anubis leaves, Nora and Fitzie decipher hieroglyphs in the chamber that indicate the pyramid was constructed to imprison Anubis, who is seeking to reunite with his creator, Osiris. They find an air shaft with a ladder left behind by the soldier, but are pursued by Anubis, who kills Fitzie. Now alone, Nora is captured by Anubis. Tied to an obelisk, she uses a blade hidden in her hand to cut through her bonds. Once free, she wounds Anubis, who is then attacked by a horde of the cats. Nora climbs her way to freedom and collapses just before clearing the pyramid's exit. She awakens to find a child playing with her camera. Anubis suddenly appears from the dark and lunges at them as the screen cuts to black.


On July 7, 2014, 20th Century Fox picked up the distribution rights to the film, and was set for a release date for December 5, 2014. The release date it was then released on May 5, 2015 on DVD and Blu-ray as well on video on demand on April 17, 2015.

Released on December 5, 2014, in 589 theatres, the film underperformed, earning only $1.3 million. Although investors originally expected the film to make more than $20 million domestically, it made less than $2.8 million.

Outside North America, the film was released on the same day in 18 markets including the U.K., Russia and Vietnam. It earned $3.8 million from 16 international markets.

"The Pyramid" was panned by critics, with Moviefone and CraveOnline both naming it one of the worst films of 2014. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 13%, based on 38 reviews, with an average rating of 2.8/10. The site's consensus reads "Poorly lit and thinly writ, "The Pyramid" houses little more than clunky dialogue, amateurish acting, and dusty found-footage scares." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 24 out of 100 based on 16 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

Lelsie Felperin of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "a stinker in every sense." Drew Taylor of The Playlist wrote, ""The Pyramid" is cursed. Only, instead of an ancient evil, it's just plagued by inept filmmaking." Alonso Duralde of "The Wrap" said, "The ultimate moral of "The Pyramid", and of almost every other film where an underground mummy or scarab or tomb wreaks havoc, is that some things were never meant to be uncovered. Some movies, too."


</doc>
<doc id="43487098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43487098" title="The Night They Took Miss Beautiful">
The Night They Took Miss Beautiful

The Night They Took Miss Beautiful is a 1977 American made-for-television drama film appearing on the NBC network that was produced by Don Kirshner. The film features a large number of stars in a story about "skyjacking beauty queens" on a Consolidated PBY Catalina. The passengers include five beauty pageant contestants, their entourage, and a secret agent carrying a vial of a secret and highly fatal biological warfare toxin that if opened can cause a pandemic.
Following a Miss Universe-style contest in Miami, Florida, the five semi-finalists are flown to Nassau, Bahamas in a flying boat along with the American contestant's stage mother; the group's escort, Kate Malloy (Stella Stevens); Miss Beautiful Master of Ceremonies Marv Barker (Phil Silvers) and a deadheading pilot, Paul Fabiani (Gary Collins).

At the airport, no one notices notice two men in flight mechanic's coveralls board the aircraft and conceal themselves. The two, members of a Symbionese Liberation Army-type revolutionary terrorist group, hijack the aircraft, killing the co-pilot when he attempts to send a warning over the radio. The surviving pilot lowers the aircraft to 200 feet to avoid radar and lands on a small uninhabited island that has World War II-vintage buildings. What the two terrorists do not know is that a deadly contagious nerve agent is aboard.

Awaiting the kidnapped passengers is Layla Burden (Sheree North), de facto leader of the terrorists who will kill the captives one by one until a $5 million ransom is paid.

Back at the small Miami airport the flying boat left from, security manager Mike O'Toole (Chuck Connors) meets two government agents, who are not from the Federal Bureau of Investigation but from an unnamed government agency with higher authority. The two agents are accompanied by several soldiers wearing American combat uniforms without insignia carrying automatic weapons.

Mike is shocked that the government agents not only have no intention of paying the ransom, but will instead get a fix on their position from the next radio transmission of their demands and launch an airstrike to kill the lot of them, including the hostages. Mike concludes that the captive's only hope rests with him.

"The Night They Took Miss Beautiful" featured a Consolidated PBY Catalina, a flying boat that dates back to the 1930s and 1940s. It was used as a patrol, reconnaissance and night bomber during World War II.

"The Night They Took Miss Beautiful" was not critically reviewed, but "People" in its "Picks and Pans" review was succinct: "Terrorists hold a planeload of beauty pageant finalists for ransom in this TV movie starring Phil Silvers, Stella Stevens, Sheree North and Chuck Connors. Better they should keep them."

In a later 2007 DVD release, "The Night They Took Miss Beautiful" was bundled with "The Woman Hunter", a 1972 made-for-television mystery film.


</doc>
<doc id="43487511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43487511" title="Love Is All (2014 film)">
Love Is All (2014 film)

Love Is All is a 2014 documentary film exploring the depiction of love and courtship on film throughout the 20th century. It is composed of archive material from the BFI National Archive, Yorkshire Film Archive and other sources.

The film is directed by Kim Longinotto with an original soundtrack composed by Sheffield singer/songwriter Richard Hawley, formerly of Pulp. Hawley wrote new material for the film and contributed existing tracks.

From cinema’s very first kisses, through the disruption of war to the birth of youth culture, gay liberation and free love, the film follows courting couples flirting at tea dances, kissing in the back of the movies, couples living together and fighting for the right to love. The archive footage covers same-sex relationships, sexism, interracial relationships and sexual liberation.

"Graham Relton at the Yorkshire Film Archive was amazing," said Kim Longinotto. "I had a long conversation with him about the film and then a couple of weeks later he sent us an absolute feast of archive that was exactly what we needed. The clips he sent us were often very personal and affectionate and had been filmed by the families themselves. They were like early home movies but they were beautifully made. Jan Faull found so many unexpected gems in the BFI Archive for us too. One of my favorite moments is a little girl in a village school being crowned May Queen. Also "Piccadilly" is an amazing film. It stars "Anna May Wong" who I’d never even heard of. She is spectacular and the acting is mostly very understated and truthful."

"It was extraordinary to watch archive film coming to life with Richard Hawley’s intimate and emotional songs and often see a new meaning emerge. Richard’s music creates a new kind of reality and suddenly the people looking out at you from the past seem so contemporary and vivid."

The film was commissioned by BBC North, BBC Storyville and the BFI, and produced by Crossover and Lone Star. It was edited by Ollie Huddleston.

The premiere was at Chatsworth House in Derbyshire on Wednesday 11 June 2014 as part of Sheffield Doc/Fest.


</doc>
<doc id="43489286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43489286" title="Demonic (film)">
Demonic (film)

Demonic is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by Will Canon, written by Max La Bella, Doug Simon and Will Canon with Executive Producer Harvey Weinstein. The film stars Maria Bello, Frank Grillo, Cody Horn, Dustin Milligan, Megan Park, Scott Mechlowicz, Aaron Yoo, and Alex Goode.

A violent slaughter occurs in an abandoned house in Louisiana where three college students are found dead. Detective Mark Lewis (Frank Grillo) examines the crime scene and finds a shocked survivor, John (Dustin Milligan), before calling reinforcements. Several police cars then arrive at the house alongside an ambulance with psychologist, Dr. Elizabeth Klein (Maria Bello). She talks to John, who tells her that a seance performed in the house called the attention of many spirits, including one he identified as his mother, and that two of the group members - his pregnant girlfriend, Michelle (Cody Horn), and her ex-boyfriend, Bryan (Scott Mechlowicz) - are still missing.

The following scenes consist of two interlaced plots: one shows the interrogation of John by Dr. Klein and the investigation of videotapes found in the house by police officers, and the other shows the actual events (often filmed by a camera) that John and the five other visitors of the house experienced, including several paranormal phenomena.

Bryan is later found alive but runs away from the police, ending up cornered in a store. John hears the news on the police radio and, in a fit of rage, grabs a radio, shouting at Bryan to tell him where Michelle is. Bryan begins to act strangely while John almost goes into cardiac arrest. Elizabeth screams for Mark to stop Bryan before he kills John, wherein Mark promptly shoots Bryan dead.

Mark returns to the house and discovers a secret area where he finds Michelle. As the paramedics are rolling her on the stretcher, Elizabeth discovers that John killed everybody at the same time that Detective Mark finds John's lifeless body hanging.

As it turns out, the "John" that Elizabeth was interrogating was the demon, who, as he begins to make Elizabeth choke, elaborates on the events that transpired - the seal the group found in the living room is what bound him to the house, John's mother was supposed to be the vessel of his escape, his possessing John, killing everybody and that he needs to cross the seal - in order to set himself free. The lights begin to turn on and off, and as Mark bursts open the door, he vanishes just as Michelle is wheeled out of the house.

The film concludes with Michelle in the ambulance showing a sinister figure moving in her belly.


On May 13, 2011, the film was announced under the title "House of Horror", with James Wan set to produce. On November 22, 2011, it was announced Xavier Gens would direct the film. On January 23, 2013, Maria Bello and Frank Grillo joined the cast. On October 8, 2013, the film was retitled "Demonic". On July 31, 2014, it was announced that the film would be released on December 12, 2014. On September 19, 2014, the film was pushed back to an unknown date.

The film premiered on 12 February 2015 in Brazil under the title "A Casa dos Mortos", which translates as "The House of the Dead".
The film also premiered on 8 May 2015 in Turkey. The film's Turkish title is "Şeytani Ruhlar" which means "Satanic Spirits". The movie was released in Mexico on August 21, 2015 under the title "Demoníaco", a direct translation of the original title. The film is currently on Netflix in the UK and US and got its US premiere on Spike TV on 27 July 2017.


</doc>
<doc id="43493723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43493723" title="A Tale of Two Cities (1980 film)">
A Tale of Two Cities (1980 film)

A Tale of Two Cities is a 1980 American made-for-television historical drama film directed by Jim Goddard and starring Chris Sarandon, who plays dual roles as two characters who are in love with the same woman. It is based on the Charles Dickens novel of the same name set in the French Revolution.

A London lawyer (Sydney Carton) makes the ultimate sacrifice for the woman he loves in Paris during the Reign of Terror.



Producer Norman Rosemont specialised in adaptations of classic novels. Most of the $5 million budget came from Hallmark Greeting Cards.


</doc>
<doc id="43493915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43493915" title="The Perfect Guy (2015 film)">
The Perfect Guy (2015 film)

The Perfect Guy is a 2015 American romantic thriller film directed by David M. Rosenthal, produced by Tommy Oliver and written by Alan B. McElroy and Tyger Williams and stars Sanaa Lathan, Michael Ealy, Holt McCallany and Morris Chestnut. Ealy and Lathan also served as executive producers on the film. "The Perfect Guy" was released in North America on September 11, 2015. The film grossed $60.3 million against its budget of $12 million.

Successful lobbyist Leah Vaughn breaks up with her boyfriend, Dave King, because he refuses to commit to her wishes of starting a family. Two months later, she meets Carter Duncan, a charming man who works in IT for another company. They quickly grow close and he works his way into the hearts of her friends and family. On their way home from a trip to San Francisco to meet her parents, a stranger at a gas station asks Leah about Carter's Dodge Charger. Carter viciously attacks the man, and Carter and Leah drive off when the station's owner orders them to leave. Distraught over his actions, Leah decides to break up with him that night.

Over the next several weeks, Carter stalks Leah at her job, and makes numerous phone calls, even after she changes her phone number. Unbeknownst to Leah, Carter also gets into her house with her spare key. He goes through her belongings, hacks into her computer, and abducts her cat. She finally decides to go to the police, meeting with Detective Hansen, who advises her to keep records of any further attempts Carter makes to contact her. Leah later finds a threatening note and a single red rose attached to her car and files a restraining order against Carter, causing him to lose his job. 

Later, Dave contacts Leah about rekindling their relationship and Leah eagerly agrees. One night, Leah and Dave find Carter watching them at a restaurant, and Dave grimly warns him to stay away. They notify the police and, after Hansen interrogates Carter over the violation, Carter feigns innocence, stating he had no idea she was there and that Dave was aggressive towards him. Hansen lets him go.

One night, Leah's neighbour, Mrs. McCarthy, discovers Carter inside Leah's house, and he pushes her down the stairs, killing her. Carter secretly videotapes Leah and Dave as they sleep and make love and uses Leah's work email account to send the video to her co-workers and her business's clients, causing her to be suspended from her job. Carter also sabotages Dave's car, causing it to crash, and suffocates the injured Dave.

Both Leah and Hansen are certain that Carter is involved in Dave's death, though they lack the evidence necessary to incriminate him. After investigating further, Hansen learns that Carter's real name is Robert Adams, and that he changed his identity after a similar series of harassment. With the situation escalating, a concerned Hansen relays a story to Leah of a friend of his that bought a 12-gauge Remington shotgun that he loaded with two bean bag rounds and five live shells. Hansen explains that the bean bag rounds, if fired first as warning shots, would give justification in the event of an intruder and implies that Leah should take such action, leading to Leah buying a shotgun.

Leah discovers Robert, with a new identity, with another woman. She frightens her off and files another restraining order against him in front his new employers, once again getting him fired. She then manages to finds his hideout, where he monitors her, as well as finding her cat. She destroys his numerous computers and leaves, daring him to come after her again.

That night, Robert breaks into Leah's home, and, after luring him to an empty room, she aims her gun at him. After managing to knock the gun out of her hand, a struggle ensues. Leah manages to recover her shotgun and per Hansen's story, shoots Robert twice with bean bag rounds as a warning to make killing him justified. When Robert persists in attacking, Leah kills him with a live shell from the shotgun. A now relieved Leah reports Robert to Hansen as an intruder, and police cart his corpse out of her house.


Principal photography for "The Perfect Guy" began on August 6, 2014, in Los Angeles. The film was shot mostly at night using Sony digital cameras and anamorphic lenses. Much of the shooting used available light to create a “mysterious” look because “David wanted the film to be dark,” according to the film's director of photography Peter Simonite. "The Perfect Guy" wrapped up its 34-day LA shoot in mid-September 2014.

On June 3, 2015, Screen Gems debuted the first official trailer for "The Perfect Guy" on "USA Today"′s website. The film was released in the Dolby Vision format in Dolby Cinema in North America.

"The Perfect Guy" grossed $57 million in the United States and Canada and over $3.2 million in other territories for a worldwide total of over $60.3 million, against a budget of $12 million. Sony opted not to screen "The Perfect Guy" for critics or have Thursday night previews for the film. The film opened on Friday, September 11, 2015, earning $9.9 million on its opening day. For the weekend, the film finished first at the box office grossing $25.9 million at 2,221 North American theaters. "The Perfect Guy" became available for purchase on DVD and Blu-ray on December 29, 2015.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an 18% approval rating based on 45 reviews, and has an average score of 3.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Perfect Guy" threatens to tip into enjoyably depraved territory, but ultimately settles for timid thriller clichés." Metacritic gives the film a score of 36 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A-" on an A+ to F scale.

Michael Rechtshaffen of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "a glossy, cliché-laden revenge thriller", commending Rosenthal and cinematographer Peter Simonite for displaying Los Angeles to "classic sun-kissed, noir-tinged perfection" but criticized Tyger Williams' script for not giving both Ealy and Lathan more complexity into their respective roles. Despite giving credit to the film's production efforts, James Rocchi of "TheWrap" saw it as "a perfect example of how lame, lazy material strands good actors," criticizing the screenplay for lacking in thrilling moments and giving its main cast clumsily written characters that deliver "lead, dead cliches of [the] dialogue", concluding that it "could have been a competent, engaging thriller, or at least a showcase for its talented leads; the tragedy comes in how firmly and solidly it takes so many actors and artists down with it." Blake Goble of "Consequence of Sound" called it "a perfectly blasé fall thriller" that's devoid of the trashy, camp fun found in the Jennifer Lopez-led "The Boy Next Door" concluding with, "Where's the mania? Where's the tension? Where's the goddamn "holy crap!" moment in "The Perfect Guy"? Sadly, there's nothing like that in this flawed and limited PG-13 film."

Kyle Anderson of "Entertainment Weekly" praised the film for getting over its "sluggish" first third to build tight, escalating moments that lead to a "satisfying white-knuckled finale" but felt it could've gone further in its given genre, concluding that, "When an erotic thriller leaves out the "erotic" part, all that's left is a perfectly adequate domestic disturbance tale that should have given in to its more base desires." Clayton Dillard of "Slant Magazine" found Williams' script to be "routine" but gave praise to Rosenthal's ability as a director to explore "contemporary relations between race, gender and class" throughout the film, saying he "uses convention to his advantage through an intriguing play with casting choices and surprising, bizarrely effective allusions to film history." Ben Sachs of the "Chicago Reader" called the film "a reasonably engaging thriller with some topical overtones", praising the three main leads for infusing their underwritten characters with charisma but felt the script didn't push further about the "fears of overreaching Internet surveillance" set against its "Fatal Attraction" story, saying "[T]he themes float emptily around the film—viewers are welcome to elaborate on them in their imaginations, but the filmmakers don't provide much help as to how audiences should interpret them."




</doc>
<doc id="43500482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43500482" title="Finding Vivian Maier">
Finding Vivian Maier

Finding Vivian Maier is a 2013 American documentary film about the photographer Vivian Maier, written, directed, and produced by John Maloof and Charlie Siskel, and executive produced by Jeff Garlin.

Maier was a French-American woman who worked most of her life as a nanny and housekeeper to a multitude of Chicago families. She carried a camera everywhere she went, but Maier's photographic legacy was largely unknown during her lifetime. She died in 2009.

The film documents how Maloof discovered her work and, after her death, uncovered her life through interviews with people who knew her. Maloof had purchased a box of photo negatives at a 2007 Chicago auction, then scanned the images and put them on the Internet. News articles began to come out about Maier and a Kickstarter campaign for the documentary was soon underway.

The film had its world premiere at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival on 9 September 2013. It was shown in cinemas, and was released on DVD in November 2014. Upon release, the film received critical acclaim, and won various awards, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 87th Academy Awards.





</doc>
<doc id="43501313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43501313" title="Trooper Hook">
Trooper Hook

Trooper Hook is a 1957 American western film directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Joel McCrea as the title character and Barbara Stanwyck as the woman he frees from the Indians. The fact that, during her captivity, she has had a son by a much-feared chief makes her situation very difficult.

Apache Chief Nanchez orders the massacre of a US cavalry troop surrounded his warriors. Cavalry reinforcements arrive, and Sgt. Clovis Hook takes Nanchez and most of his men captive, though a few escape. The soldiers then torch the Apache village, rounding up the women and children. A soldier spots a white woman. The woman possessively clutches a small child named Quito. She is Cora Sutcliff, taken captive in a raid some years before while traveling to join her rancher husband, and that she is the mother of Nanchez’s son. 

When they reach the fort, the general feeling is unsympathetic toward the “defiled” white woman. The wife of the commanding officer alone expresses sympathy. 

Hook is assigned to escort Cora and her son to her husband. The next day, Cora and Quito wait for him at the general store. A man insults Quito and Cora and grabs Quito. Cora hits the bully with a shovel, threatening to kill any man who lays hands on her son, the first words she has spoken. Hook arrives and they set off on a stagecoach driven by Mr. Trude.

At a stop, Cora and Quito are barred from Wilson’s restaurant by its owner, so Hook buys cheese sandwiches and they have a picnic. Cora asks him if he can understand wanting to live so much that you will put up with any humiliation. Hook reveals that as a prisoner of war in the Confederate prison at Andersonville, he pretended to be a dog for a month so that a dog-loving prisoner, who was dying and hallucinating with fever, would share his rations with him.

Meanwhile, Nanchez escapes, rounds up his remaining braves, and sets out to take back his son.

The stagecoach picks up and drops off other passengers, including a young cowboy, Jeff Bennett, whom everyone calls simply “Cowboy.” Cowboy is courteous toward Cora and Quito, before getting off at San Miguel. Next, the stagecoach takes on an aristocratic elderly Spanish woman, Senora Sandoval, and her granddaughter, Consuela, who has left her convent school for an arranged marriage. Rancher Charlie Travers, boards, carrying a large sum of money he has won in a poker game. Back in San Miguel, Cowboy learns that Nanchez has escaped and is likely after his son. Cowboy sets out on horseback to catch up with the stagecoach.

Cowboy manages to slip past Nanchez’s men and warns Hook. Hook tells his fellow passengers why Nanchez is stalking them. All but Travers support Cora’s decision to keep Quito. As Trude drives the stagecoach at a break-neck pace, it hits something, overturns, and breaks a wheel. They are forced to spend the night while Trude makes repairs. Cowboy and Consuela get acquainted, and an attraction develops between them.

In the morning, Nanchez sends word that he will attack unless his son is returned to him. Travers offers Cora money to give up Quito. When Cora remains undeterred, Travers sneaks off to try to bribe Nanchez to spare the group. Nanchez kills him, leaving his money untouched. Surrounded, Hook has Trude restrain Cora and makes Cowboy hold a gun to Quito’s head within full sight of Nanchez, instructing him to shoot if Hook drops his arm during his parley with Nanchez. Thwarted, Nanchez orders a retreat.

The stagecoach reaches their destination, but Cora’s husband Fred is not there to meet her. When they arrive at Fred's ranch, Fred makes it clear he is willing to take Cora back, but not her son. Cora decides to leave with Quito. Fred points a rifle at Hook, affirming that Cora belongs to him, but that he and Quito can leave. Then Nanchez and his men appear.

A chase ensues. Hook drives a wagon, while Fred rides in the back, firing his rifle. He kills Nanchez, but is himself killed. Seeing Nanchez fall, the Apaches leave.
Hook tells Cora that his enlistment is up in four months, if she will have him. He then slips his arm around her, and they ride off into the sunset.


Parts of the film were shot in Kanab Canyon, Three Lakes and the Gap in Utah.



</doc>
<doc id="43504259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43504259" title="Jack to a King – The Swansea Story">
Jack to a King – The Swansea Story

Jack to a King – The Swansea Story is a 2014 British documentary film directed by Marc Evans about Swansea City Football Club over the period July 2001 to May 2011. It focuses on the club's rise from almost going out of business at the bottom of the Football League to the glamour of the Premier League. The documentary was released on 12 September 2014.

Director Marc Evans stated that

""Jack to a King" is essentially a cinematic celebration of a story that a lot of us are familiar with but don't know the detail of."

Executive producer Mal Pope added that

"This is a truly remarkable story of how a rag tag band of builders, housewives, teachers and travel agents came together to save their football club and ended up turning their city into a worldwide brand. A story of how sometimes even the wildest dreams can come true!"
Associate producer James Marsh agreed

"The rebirth of a neglected, provincial football club into genuine Premier League contenders is both a romantic modern day fairytale and a gripping thriller of a story. It's a remarkable and surprising tale which will make for an irresistible, highly emotional film that will appeal to anyone who's ever rooted for the underdog."

Photographs, video clips and footage taken by fans during matches participated by the football club are included into this documentary.

On 15 August 2014, the first teaser trailer was released on YouTube by the film's official site. On 22 August, a full length trailer was released by YJB Films.

At the time of the film's release, Swansea were in joint top position of the Premier League.

The film was broadcast in two parts on the American television network (and broadcast home of the Premier League in the United States) NBC and NBCSN on 15 and 22 August 2015.

"Jack to a King – The Swansea Story" was released on DVD on 26 December 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="43504368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43504368" title="Unfriended">
Unfriended

Unfriended is a 2014 American found footage supernatural horror film directed and produced by Levan Gabriadze and written by Nelson Greaves. The film is presented as a computer screen film, being told almost entirely through a screencast of a MacBook. The film stars Shelley Hennig, Moses Storm, Renee Olstead, Will Peltz, Jacob Wysocki, and Courtney Halverson as high school students in a Skype conversation that is haunted by a student, played by Heather Sossaman, who was bullied and committed suicide.

The film premiered at the Fantasia Festival on July 20, 2014, before receiving a theatrical release through Universal Pictures in the United States on April 17, 2015. The film received mixed reviews from critics and was a massive box office success, grossing $64 million against a $1 million budget. A stand-alone sequel, "", was released in 2018.

High school student Laura Barns commits suicide after an anonymous user uploads a video of her passing out and defecating at an unsupervised party, and the video goes viral. One year later, her former childhood best friend Blaire Lily is chatting with her boyfriend Mitch Roussel on Skype, during which they agree to lose their virginities to each other on prom night. Soon after, they are joined by their friends and classmates Jess Felton, Ken Smith, and Adam Sewell, and an unknown user known as "billie227".

The gang tries various ways to get rid of the intruder but are unsuccessful each time. Blaire looks up the account and realizes that it belonged to Laura Barns, revealing "billie227" as Laura. The group suspects that a classmate, Val Rommel, is pranking them. After they invite Val to their chat, Jess' Facebook page is updated with embarrassing photos of Val at a party. Jess denies uploading the photos and deletes them from her account, but the pictures instantly reappear on Adam's account. Val calls 911 to report that she is being harassed, then abruptly leaves the chat. The group receives a photo of Val and Laura's messages from before Laura's death, with Val telling Laura to kill herself. Val rejoins the chat, sitting still next to a bottle of bleach before collapsing. Police officers arrive shortly after, and they eavesdrop and deduce that Val died from a presumed suicide. Ken distributes a program to remove "billie227" from the chat, and Adam attempts to call the police. However, the 911 operator turns out to be the intruder and re-enters the chat, revealing a camera view from the other side of Ken's room. He approaches the camera source, and his Skype is briefly cut before it shows him killing himself with a blender.

Laura forces the remaining four friends to play a game of Never Have I Ever, stating that the loser will die. A series of pointed questions reveal various betrayals and raise tensions within the group, culminating in Adam angrily taking over the questions. He forces Blaire to reveal that she is not a virgin, having slept with Adam while dating Mitch; Laura provides a video of the interaction. Mitch retaliates by forcing Adam to admit that he forced a classmate to abort a pregnancy incurred by a date rape he committed using roofies at a party. Blaire and Adam receive printed messages which they refuse to show to Mitch and Jess. Mitch threatens to leave if Blaire does not show the note and Laura warns that Mitch will die if he signs off. In a moment of panic, Blaire shows her paper which states: "If you reveal this note, Adam will die." Adam shoots himself, revealing he had an identical note that would have killed Blaire.

Laura continues the game, asking if anyone has defaced her grave. When Blaire convinces Jess not to continue playing, Laura cuts the lights in Jess's house and disconnects her video feed. Blaire looks for help on Chatroulette and has a stranger send police to Jess' house. Soon after, Jess' Skype reconnects showing her with an activated curling iron forced down her throat, killing her.

Laura cuts the lights in Blaire's and Mitch's houses, wanting them to confess who uploaded the video. Blaire tells her that Mitch was the one who posted it; Mitch grabs a knife and stabs himself in the eye. Laura thanks Blaire, but begins counting down again. Blaire attempts to remind Laura about their friendship, but Laura uploads an extended version of the party video which reveals Blaire as the camera operator to Blaire's Facebook. Her Facebook friends leave angry and disgusted messages before Laura's spirit slams Blaire's laptop shut and violently lunges at her.

Gabriadze was attracted to the project (then titled "Offline") as it focused on the theme of bullying. He noted that the nature of bullying had changed since he was in school, as the Internet allowed for bullies to continue their actions even after school hours.

Production was 16 days total, including six 12-hour days of principal photography, three days of pick-ups and then a few more reshoots. When filming began, it mostly consisted of long takes around ten minutes in length. Shelley Hennig, who portrayed Blair, found that this proved difficult for the energy and motivation needed from her and the other actors. At her request, at least one full, 80-minute-long take was filmed, with each actor in separate rooms with separate computers. The film's ending was captured during one of these feature-length takes.

The film's title changed during shooting (and would also change prior to its theatrical release), as the film's crew felt that the title of "Offline" was "too general and not obvious" and that the then title of "Cybernatural" was "more to the point of what it is". For wide release, the film was re-titled "Unfriended".

A deleted scene featured Jess being pulled away, presumably Laura's spirit. Laura then proceeds to physically abuse Jess by the clicks of a cursor all within Jess's Facebook profile. The scene ends when Laura takes a saw and chops one of Jess's hands off. The scene was later scrapped as it "didn't fit with the horror theme".

"Unfriended" initially had its world premiere on July 20, 2014, at the Fantasia Festival and screened on the film festival circuit under the title of "Cybernatural". A generally positive film festival reception and test screenings for the film prompted Universal Pictures to pick up the film rights with the intent to give it a wide theatrical release the following year. The film's title was changed from "Cybernatural" to "Unfriended" and the film was theatrically released on April 17, 2015. The film was screened at Playlist Live on February 6, 2015, and premiered at SXSW on March 13, 2015.

"Unfriended" was heavily marketed online, with 60% of the marketing budget being spent on digital platforms.

In July 2014, a teaser trailer was released with scenes from the film. The teaser shows the original title of the film which at the time was "Cybernatural". On January 12, 2015, the film's first official trailer with the title "Unfriended" was released. Shortly after, on February 6, 2015, the film was screened at Playlist Live, a popular convention for internet celebrities from Vine and YouTube. Images were also released.

On February 13, 2015, a campaign was launched with Kik Messenger, in which Kik users could have a chat conversation with Laura. This made use of automated responses and pre-scripted responses, while also driving users to a dedicated microsite.

On March 13, 2015, after the film's premiere at SXSW, an after-party was hosted by Blumhouse. Exclusive Never Have I Ever cards were released at SXSW later, and a ""NEVER HAVE I EVER"" section was set up on the film's official website. "Unfriended"-themed photo booths were set up as well. During production, official Facebook and Skype accounts were set up for the characters in the film, and, after the premiere at SXSW, people who attended were "friended" by the official Laura Barns Facebook account. There was also a Twitter account, which tweeted attendees of the after-party.

"Unfriended" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 11, 2015. It received a Netflix release in May 2017.

"Unfriended" grossed $32.5 million in North America and $31.6 million in other territories, for a worldwide gross of $64.1 million against a budget of $1 million. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $17.1 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In North America, the film opened simultaneously with "" and "Monkey Kingdom" on April 17, 2015, across 2,739 theaters, earning $6.8 million on its opening day. In its opening weekend, "Unfriended" earned $15.8 million, which was higher than its $12 million range projection, and finished in third place at the box office behind "Furious 7" ($29.2 million) and fellow newcomer "Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2" ($23.8 million). Its opening weekend is the biggest debut for an original horror movie since "The Conjuring", which opened with $41.9 million in July 2013.

Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 62% based on 180 reviews, with an average rating of 5.93/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Unfriended" subverts found-footage horror clichés to deliver a surprisingly scary entry in the teen slasher genre with a technological twist." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 59 out of 100 based on 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Reception at the Fantasia Film Festival was mostly positive. Common praise for the film centered upon its acting and visuals, and "Twitch Film" commented that the film was an "interesting look at modern methods of communication and the ramifications of the new normal of always-on social interaction." "Variety" commented that while the film was "exasperating" at points, they also felt that it was clever and innovative.

"Dread Central" also praised the film overall, but stated that they felt that the movie's one major flaw was "the fashion in which we are trafficked to each scare- through multi-screen clicking, copying, pasting and re-sizing, basically all-around multi-tasking. It can be trying to sit through and I liken it to sitting over someone's shoulder watching them web-surf... endlessly." It was named Most Innovative Film at the Fantasia Film Festival and received a Special Mention for Feature Film.

British film critic Mark Kermode gave the film a positive review, calling it a film which understands Skyping culture and cyber-bullying. He said, "Many people who've seen the trailer say, 'You're being stalked through the internet. Just log off.' The point is they can't because they're addicted." While on one hand admitting it was a "shrieky, teen-terrorized, slasher movie," on the other hand he said it was a film about how cyber-bullying only works if you cooperate with it.

Irish film critic Donald Clarke, writing for "The Irish Times", gave the film a very positive review, describing it as "genuinely unsettling" and praising the filmmakers' "uncanny grasp of the complicated dynamics of contemporary interaction" and how they succeeded in retaining "a position on the moral high ground while bloody mayhem rages around their feet".

Some critics found the film to contain unintentionally amusing moments that detracted from the experience. Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" and Lauren Chval of "RedEye" found the scenes involving Blaire's pleas for help on Chatroulette, as well as some of the phrases typed by Laura's ghost (including "but in this version [of a drinking game], the loser doesn’t drink. The loser dies."), to be more humorous than frightening.

In CinemaScore polls conducted during the opening weekend, cinema audiences gave "Unfriended" an average grade of "C", on an A+ to F scale.

In April 2015, it was announced that Universal Pictures had greenlit a sequel, tentatively titled "Unfriended 2". In October 2017, it was announced that the film was shot secretly and the film’s working title would be "Unfriended: Game Night". On March 9, 2018, the film’s official title revealed to be "". The film was released on July 20, 2018.




</doc>
<doc id="43514021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43514021" title="Few Options">
Few Options

Few Options (aka Few Options, All Bad) is a 2011 American feature-length crime drama written and directed by George Pappy.

When a convicted drug smuggler leaves prison after 22 years for one youthful mistake, he just wants to start over and obey the law. But, unable to find work, he's forced to take a supposedly legitimate job with his old crime partners. And they have big plans for their newest employee.


The film had its U.S. debut at The Valley Film Festival on November 12, 2011. The film was first televised in the U.S. on Showtime on April 23, 2012.


</doc>
<doc id="43516765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43516765" title="X+Y">
X+Y

X+Y, released in the US as A Brilliant Young Mind, is a 2014 British drama film directed by Morgan Matthews and starring Asa Butterfield, Rafe Spall and Sally Hawkins.

The film, inspired by the documentary, "Beautiful Young Minds", focuses on a teenage English mathematics prodigy named Nathan (Asa Butterfield) who has difficulty understanding people, but finds comfort in numbers. When he is chosen to represent the United Kingdom at the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO), Nathan embarks on a journey in which he faces unexpected challenges, such as understanding the nature of love. The character of Nathan was based on Daniel Lightwing who won a silver medal at the 2006 IMO.

The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on 5 September 2014. The European premiere was at the BFI London Film Festival on 13 October 2014, and the UK cinema release was on 13 March 2015.

The film heavily features previously recorded songs by Keaton Henson.

Nathan Ellis, a 9-year-old maths prodigy, has just lost his father in a car accident. Nathan is diagnosed with autism early in the film, and his father was the only one who was able to connect normally with him. Although Nathan values his mother, Julie, he shuns any physical contact with her and treats her as more of a caretaker than a parent. Wanting to make sure Nathan isn't distracted from his studies, Julie enrolls him in advanced classes at a new school. There, he comes under the tutelage of teacher Martin, also a math genius, who now suffers from multiple sclerosis. Martin sees himself in Nathan, once a promising young mind in the field of mathematics, who gave it all up once he was diagnosed with his illness.

Seven years later, Martin is preparing Nathan to compete for a place in the International Mathematical Olympiad, a prestigious high school competition consisting of the world's best young mathematicians. This year, it is to be held at Cambridge, after a two-week math camp in Taiwan where the students will study for the test that determines the winners. Nathan fears he's not good enough to qualify but ends up doing well enough to accompany 15 other British teenagers to Taiwan.

Suddenly thrust out of his comfort zone, Nathan finds himself no longer the smartest math whiz in the room, and his social anxieties nearly paralyze his performance. He has trouble reading the social cues of others and flinches at the slightest physical contact with another person. Nathan is paired with a female Chinese student, Zhang Mei, who slowly helps him adjust to his new surroundings and helps him fight through his fears. By the skin of their teeth, Nathan and Zhang make the cut to compete in Cambridge.

Back in England, Zhang stays with Nathan and his mother, who's shocked to find that his behavior has transformed into something more normal. She becomes aware that he may have feelings for Zhang, which she asks him. Not fully understanding the concept of love, Nathan is unsure how to express his feelings. He keeps his emotions bottled up as they all travel to Cambridge and settle in for the Olympiad.

Things quickly unravel when Zhang's uncle catches her in Nathan's room one morning and mistakenly accuses them of being in an intimate relationship. This causes Zhang to withdraw from the competition and leave. Nathan, who now believes he loves Zhang, is torn between her and the Olympiad. When he sits down among hundreds of other students around the world for the exam, the first question triggers memories of his dead father, which combined with his newly lost love, creates an emotional overload. At the pinnacle moment of his mathematical career, Nathan must make a decision whether to stay and pursue his dream, or give in to the pain that's haunted him for most of his life.

Nathan rushes out of the exam hall with Martin and Julie in tow. The latter finds him in a café, where he speaks of his emotional overload, both thanks to the loss of his father and the girl who appreciated and loved him, Zhang Mei. They embrace at last, then Julie drives Nathan to the station to fetch back Zhang Mei.


The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports an 87% approval rating with a weighted average score of 6.58/10 based on 75 reviews. The website's consensus reads, ""A Brilliant Young Mind" is tender and perceptive – and intelligent enough to find a wealth of dramatic riches buried under well-trod narrative ground." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 65 out of 100 based on 19 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews."

The main character Nathan Ellis is based on mathematical genius Daniel Lightwing who has autism spectrum disorder. Lightwing had a teacher who saw his potential and became his mentor; however, his mentor was not a man but a woman named Miggy Biller who is the Head of Maths at York College. Lightwing never lost his father; in fact, his father also attended with him at the film premier. In the film the IMO takes place in Cambridge, England, but the actual event that Lightwing participated in was in Slovenia. The training camp took place in Taiwan where Daniel fell in love with a Taiwanese woman whom he married (they are no longer together).

Lightwing's mentor Miggy Biller attended the film's premiere and told the York College newsletter: "We sat beside each other at the showing, chuckling together about some of the film's maths problems. It was funny to look at the line between fact and fiction being trod all the time by the film! Dan's Dad, sitting just behind us, saw himself killed in a car accident … and I don't think I need to say that I didn't recognise myself in Rafe Spall!" She went on to say, "It's a brilliant and very moving film, and Asa Butterfield is amazing." Lightwing told the "Evening Standard", "I cried the first three times I watched it. It says things I was feeling but could not express."



</doc>
<doc id="43517941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43517941" title="School for Danger">
School for Danger

School for Danger (also known as Now It Can Be Told) is a 1947 British docudrama film directed by Teddy Baird depicting the training and deployment of agents of the Special Operations Executive during the Second World War. The film stars real-life SOE agents Captain Harry Rée and Jacqueline Nearne.

In 1943, "Captain Brown" and "Miss Williams" are recruited and trained to be secret agents (Miss Williams as Brown's wireless operator). They are then sent to German-occupied France, under the operational names "Felix" and "Cat", where they organise resistance, carrying out sabotage and helping airmen get back to the UK.




</doc>
<doc id="43517974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43517974" title="Kiss of a Killer">
Kiss of a Killer

Kiss of a Killer is a 1993 American made-for-television thriller-drama film written by David Warfield and directed by Larry Elikann. It stars Annette O'Toole, Eva Marie Saint and Brian Wimmer. The film debuted on February 1, 1993 on ABC.

Kate Wilson (Annette O'Toole), leads a double life by spending her days working in a real estate office and her nights caring for her ailing, manipulative mother (Eva Marie Saint). Once a week she tells her mother that she is staying with her friend Reba, when she is actually driving across town to stay at the Red Oak Inn, a local hotel resort which is her "escape". One of her encounters at the Red Oak Inn brings her into close contact with a serial rapist who has just stepped up to homicide.



</doc>
<doc id="43520172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43520172" title="One Night in Istanbul">
One Night in Istanbul

One Night in Istanbul, also known as One Night in Istanbul: The Movie, is a British comedy-drama film, directed by James Marquand and produced/written by Nicky Allt. The film stars Steven Waddington, Paul Barber, Lucien Laviscount, Samantha Womack, and Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson. It is based on the play of the same name by Nicky Allt.

The film's trailer was revealed on 8 August 2014 and was released on 11 September 2014, exclusively at Odeon Cinemas in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The film was released worldwide on 15 September.

Two down on their luck Liverpool cabbies, Tommy and Gerry, strike an unusual deal with a local gangster to take their sons on a trip of a lifetime, to watch their beloved football team play in the European Cup Final in Istanbul. Hoping to use the trip as a chance to bond with their sons, big trouble awaits them in the form of a sexy hotel chambermaid, two ruthless crooks on a mission and a bag of counterfeit cash".


The premiere was held on 10 September 2014 at the Odeon Cinema in Liverpool One and was attended by Steven Gerrard and former Liverpool player Jamie Carragher along with many other former Liverpool players. The film went on general release in the UK on 11 September. The film was released in the UK on DVD on 2 February 2015. Other countries are currently being sold for release.



</doc>
<doc id="43520460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43520460" title="Ambushed (2013 film)">
Ambushed (2013 film)

Ambushed is a 2013 American action thriller film directed by Giorgio Serafini, written by Agustin, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Vinnie Jones, Randy Couture, Gianni Capaldi, and Daniel Bonjour. Lundgren, Jones, and Capaldi would go on to work with Serafini in "Blood of Redemption" and "Puncture Wounds".

Mid-level drug dealers Eddie and Frank grow restless with their limited growth potential and set up a meeting with their supplier, Madsen. Instead of negotiating, Frank impulsively murders Madsen and takes his cocaine. Eddie's excitement quickly turns to apprehension when he hears about Madsen's death, but Frank talks him into bluffing their way back into drug lord Vincent Camastra's good graces. At the same time, dirty cop Jack Reiley investigates the murder and is annoyed when DEA agent Maxwell takes over the investigation. As Frank attempts to save his relationship with his naive girlfriend, Ashley, Reiley violently bullies his informants for information, and Camastra sends assassins to kill Eddie. After Eddie engages in a brief gunfight with the assassins, Camastra himself beats Eddie unconscious. Ashley, who has become suspicious of Frank's secretive lifestyle, is shocked when Kathy and Beverly, Eddie's friends, interrupt them to explain that Camastra has kidnapped Eddie.

Beverly, an undercover DEA agent, is in a relationship with Maxwell, who is concerned that she has gone too deep. However, she protests when he requests that she abandon the case. Beverly and Maxwell expand their investigation to include Reiley, but they are forbidden from taking action until they can also get Camastra. Frustrated, they bide their time until Camastra makes his move. Frank visits Camastra, and Eddie successfully buys them two days time to pay Camastra back. At the nightclub Frank owns, Reiley attempts to blackmail him, only to be shot in his hand and left on the side of the road. Unable to explain his predicament, Reiley is put on unpaid leave and learns that Internal Affairs is preparing a case against him. Forced to abandon his plans to retire comfortably, Reiley becomes even more unstable and kidnaps Ashley. He breaks into Eddie's apartment, takes Kathy and Beverly hostage, and waits for Frank and Eddie to return.

As Maxwell and his team race to the apartment, Frank and Eddie discuss their future plans. Frank wants to retire from the criminal life; Eddie, while wishing Frank well, says that he will stay in the business and take over. Frank admits that he will miss the excitement, but he wants a normal life with Ashley, whom he plans to marry. Frank, Eddie, and the DEA agents all enter the apartment within minutes of each other. Panicked, Reiley kills several people, including Eddie and Ashley. In the chaos, Beverly sets Kathy free, and Reiley and Frank escape. Maxwell corners Reiley, and they face off against each other; reinforcements arrive just as Maxwell subdues Reiley. In the last scene, Frank mourns the loss of Ashley and speculates on what he will do next, now that both his main plan and backup plan have been ruined.


Capaldi, Lundgren, and Jones acted together in three of Serafini's films back-to-back. Each film also used the same crew. Originally titled "Rush", the film was renamed to "Hard Rush" and finally "Ambushed" to avoid conflicts with other upcoming films.

"Ambushed" was released in the UK on September 28, 2013, and in the US on November 12, 2013.

Ian Jane of DVD Talk rated it 3/5 stars and called it "a fine pizza and a six pack movie" despite the cliches. David Johnson of DVD Verdict wrote that the film's main characters are too uninteresting and unlikeable.



</doc>
<doc id="43520483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43520483" title="Burying the Ex">
Burying the Ex

Burying the Ex is a 2014 American zombie comedy film directed by Joe Dante and written by Alan Trezza. The film stars Anton Yelchin, Ashley Greene, Alexandra Daddario and Oliver Cooper. It screened out of competition at the 71st Venice International Film Festival. The film was released on June 19, 2015, by Image Entertainment.

Nice guy and horror fanatic Max (Anton Yelchin) is dating the beautiful-but-manipulative Evelyn (Ashley Greene). Evelyn is an extreme environmentalist working for a blog company that promotes "going green", while Max works a dead-end job at the local horror memorabilia shop. Max often finds himself trapped trying to do whatever he can to keep Evelyn happy, including changing his diet and selling his old car. In addition to this, Max dreams of opening up a horror memorabilia shop of his own, much to Evelyn's dismay. One day at the shop, Max unloads the latest shipments and finds a Satan Genie, an object that claims it can grant anyone's wants or desires. Believing it to just be another silly item for the shop, Max places it on the shelf in the storage room and dismisses it.

Later that night, he and Evelyn have sex in the shop and make a promise to each other that they'll be together forever. Shortly thereafter, Max has Evelyn move in with him. Max and Evelyn initially decide to celebrate this new step in their relationship by grabbing a bite to eat. Wanting Evelyn to try something he enjoys for a change, Max suggests they go to a horror themed ice cream shop run by Olivia (Alexandra Daddario). Evelyn is immediately unkind to Olivia, believing her and Max were flirting with each other. As Max pleads his case to her, Evelyn tearfully admits that she doesn't want to lose him and that he's the only thing in her life that has made her happy since her mother's death.

All seems to be great until Max comes back home to discover that Evelyn has redecorated their apartment to what she finds aesthetically pleasing and has put away all of Max's collectables and posters, ruining their price values. This leads to an argument where Max states that he and Evelyn should be making decisions together instead of her taking the reins on every little thing. Feeling that Evelyn's overbearing nature will lead him to be unhappy for the duration of their relationship, Max plans to break up with her but is too scared to do so. Max turns to his slacker half-brother Travis (Oliver Cooper) for advice. Travis suggests that Max break up with Evelyn in a public place so he can make a quick getaway and have everyone present see her for the control freak she truly is. However, the plan backfires when Evelyn accidentally gets hit by a bus on her way to the park. She dies in the middle of the road while in the arms of a tearful Max.

A couple weeks go by and Max has shut himself off emotionally, feeling responsible for Evelyn's death. Travis swings by his place and, after seeing the funk he's in, encourages him to get back out and move on. Max eventually runs into Olivia again and starts to hit it off with her. As the night progresses, Max and Olivia learn that they both share the same fascination for horror. But when Max and Olivia visit the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Evelyn is shown to have risen up from the dead and has dug herself out of the ground. After Olivia walks Max back home, he's quickly greeted by an undead Evelyn at the door. Evelyn is overjoyed and believes hers and Max's love is being given a second chance and thinks they're still dating. Frightened, Max realizes that the Satan Genie from the shop made their wish of being "together forever" has brought Evelyn back from the dead. Still wanting to pursue Olivia, Max actively attempts to hide Evelyn from her. He's also left to ponder how exactly he's going to officially dump Evelyn. Max presumes that the answer to his problems lie with the Satan Genie, only to have it shatter on the ground when he loses his footing. For his backup plan, Max then researches the occult/spell books the shop has available in the hopes of finding something that will send Evelyn back to her grave. He tries these techniques, but to no avail; as they have no effect on Evelyn whatsoever.

Travis stumbles upon Max with a drunken Evelyn, and is reluctant to help him. He soon has a change of heart and tells Max that the only true way he can get rid of Evelyn is to decapitate her with a machete. Max tries to accomplish this but backs out at the last minute. The day before Halloween, Olivia drops by the shop to visit Max. It's later interrupted by a phone call from Evelyn. Olivia, who still doesn't know that Evelyn's a zombie, thinks Max hasn't gotten over her yet, but offers him an invitation to a screening of "Night of the Living Dead" at the cemetery. Travis steps up to the plate and offers to kill Evelyn so Max can meet Olivia at the movie. Travis shows up at the apartment under the guise of searching for an old DVD Max never returned and intentionally prolongs his stay, annoying Evelyn. She then develops a sudden craving for brains and ends up eating Travis. Meanwhile, Max and Olivia are enjoying each other's company and end up having sex in the back of Olivia's car.

Upon Max's return, he discovers Travis's corpse in the living room. Knowing that Evelyn is now determined to kill anyone who gets in her way, Max tricks her into drawing a hot bubble bath for themselves in order to barricade the bathroom door and trap her inside. He rushes out of the apartment to get the police but leaves his cell phone behind by mistake. Evelyn wastes no time breaking free and escapes. She then kidnaps Olivia after reading the texts between her and Max. Having had no luck with the police, Max hears through one of the police scanners about someone knocking over a malt shop and realizes Olivia's in trouble. Back at the apartment, Max sees Olivia tied up and Evelyn threatens to kill her. A battle ensues between Max, Evelyn, and Olivia, ending with Travis (now revealed to be a zombie himself) fatally stabbing Evelyn through the chest with the machete. With Evelyn finally gone, Max and Olivia take her body back to the cemetery and bury her.

One year later, Max and Olivia's relationship is still going strong. Max has long since quit his job, became business partners with Olivia, having joined his horror memorabilia store and her ice cream shop as an enterprise of their own and is now truly happy. Max then surprises Olivia with an engagement ring, which she gladly accepts. And Travis, still in his zombie form, is shown sign-spinning outside the shop.


"Burying the Ex" was originally produced as a 15-minute short in 2008, written and directed by Alan Trezza. It starred Danielle Harris as Olivia and Mircea Monroe as Evelyn, with the male lead (then named Zak) played by John Francis Daley. Trezza later expanded the short into a feature film script. According to an interview with director Joe Dante in 2014:
I met Alan several years ago, got the script for the feature, which was not substantially different from the one we shot. I thought it was funny and different. Cut forward five years. Unexpectedly, after another project fell through, money appeared so we could make the movie, but we had to shoot cheaply and quickly. We shot in 20 days and it was a lot of fun, a hectic shoot, but there was a lot to do. We were clever about our locations and shooting all within the same area of town... The four leads are really fun and creative and brought a lot to the table.
Principal photography began November 17, 2013 and ended December 19, 2013.

Mary Woronov played the owner of a store called Bloody Mary's. However, she was cut out of the film.

Dante said the film was "very EC Comics, but it’s not a comic book movie, I think the characters are a little bit more real... I was left alone in terms of creativity." He added that the film was made for his fans.

In January 2015, Image Entertainment acquired the release rights of the film, and set the release of the film in the United States, to summer 2015 via Video on demand. The film was released on June 19, 2015, with the official trailer being released on May 26.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 28%, based on 39 reviews, with an average rating of 4.38/10. The critics' consensus reads: ""Burying the Ex" boasts flickers of director Joe Dante's former flair, but neither the concept nor its execution live up to the standard set by his best efforts." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 34 out of 100, based on 18 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".


</doc>
<doc id="43520912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43520912" title="Ejecta (film)">
Ejecta (film)

Ejecta is a 2014 Canadian science fiction horror film directed by Chad Archibald and Matt Wiele. The film's script was written by Tony Burgess and stars Julian Richings as a man that has experienced an extraterrestrial encounter. "Ejecta" had its world premiere on August 3, 2014 at Fantasia Festival and Canadian film rights were purchased by Anchor Bay Canada.

Filmmaker Joe Sullivan becomes excited when he receives an email from famously reclusive alien abductee William Cassidy. Believing that Cassidy wishes to grant him an exclusive interview, Sullivan travels to the address given. Along the way, he sees military vehicles, including tanks. When Sullivan arrives, Cassidy is uncooperative. Cassidy claims to have never heard of Sullivan and to have never sent an email, though he eventually relents to an interview. After briefly attempting to describe the psychological torture he suffered from his abduction, Cassidy explains that an upcoming solar flare, and the resulting coronal mass ejection, will disrupt all electronic devices on Earth.

Some time later, soldiers raid the house and wound Cassidy as they take him into custody. Cassidy wakes in a military bunker. After soldiers rough up Cassidy, Dr. Tobin enters and interrogates him. When he refuses to answer her questions, she orders the soldiers to hit him. Soldiers retrieve Sullivan's footage, and Tobin watches it while she waits for soldiers to retrieve alien torture devices. In the footage, Sullivan and Cassidy further discuss Cassidy's abduction, and Cassidy explains how he has woken up in various distant places after blackouts, including floating on top of water and apparently having dissected a horse. When Sullivan's footage shows a UFO crash land, Tobin orders the soldiers to investigate.

The first alien torture device reveals memories from victims, though it destroys their consciousness. The device fails to affect Cassidy, and the feedback kills Tobin's assistant, Heather. Impressed, Tobin tells Cassidy that he is the first person to survive the device intact. As soldiers retrieve a second device, Cassidy and Tobin watch more of Sullivan's footage. In it, an alien chases Sullivan and Cassidy back to Cassidy's house, where they barricade themselves in the attic. After arming themselves with a shotgun, they shoot and kill the alien. Over Sullivan's protestations, Cassidy dissects the alien and finds it contains the same kind of mind-control implant used on himself.

Tobin reveals humanity was contacted by aliens 1300 years ago and have been attempting to reestablish contact since then. The second alien torture device proves similarly ineffective. In an alien voice, Cassidy says they will all suffer – Tobin most of all. Tobin gloats that they killed an alien 60 years ago and shoots Cassidy in the head, killing him; at the same time, Heather rises from the dead and repeats the same threat. Tobin shoots her, too. The soldiers encounter Sullivan, wound him, and after discovering that he is still alive, take him to the bunker under Tobin's orders. When Sullivan's final footage reveals he was abducted as he escaped the military raid, Tobin becomes worried and orders the soldiers to abort. In response, all she hears are their screams as they die.

Cassidy revives from the dead, and Tobin begs him to help her. Cassidy tells her the aliens like him but caused him to suffer unimaginably; he can not conceive of what they will do to her. Tobin watches video surveillance feeds helplessly as Sullivan, possessed by the aliens, kills all the soldiers in the bunker. When Sullivan reaches Tobin and Cassidy, Cassidy pleads with him to remove the implant. Sullivan retrieves a glowing ball of energy from Cassidy's head, killing Cassidy, and places it in Tobin's head, which begins to glow. As reinforcements arrive, a stricken Tobin raises her pistol to her head and commits suicide. She suddenly jerks awake again, and unsuccessfully makes another attempt. In his house, Sullivan records a video blog where he complains the trip was a waste of his time, as nothing happened.

"Dread Central" praised "Ejecta" for its script, writing "On the surface "Ejecta" is a twisting tale of sci-fi horror involving shadowy figures, terrestrial or otherwise; but Burgess, never one to spoon feed you answers, slides in the subtext in an almost inconspicuous manner, compelling the viewer to truly think about what they just watched." "Shock Till You Drop" also praised Burgess's script in their review and stated that while the film's aliens "do bring some scares, the real horror is the way it toys with the mortality of people and the planet."



</doc>
<doc id="43524698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43524698" title="Hold'em (film)">
Hold'em (film)

Hold'em is a 2014 American thriller film directed by Clay DuMaw. The film's plot combines Texas hold 'em with elements from horror and thriller films such as "Battle Royale" and "Saw".

Former poker pro, Jake Emerson joins an underground card game with a million dollars at stake, but the entry fee is more than he bargained for. He along with long-time rivals Marcus Lester and Cyrus Wolf assemble in a dreary warehouse for a battle royale of cards. Each player who loses is killed, and the last man standing walks away an undisputed champion.


The film was shot almost entirely handheld, and the cast supplied their own wardrobe. Because much of the production took place at night, the windows in the film's primary location had to be digitally corrected to appear as though it were day. Peter Doroha's identical twin brother, Stephen Doroha, did all his stunts and was his stand-in on days when he couldn't be on set.

The film received an "Official Selection" at the 2014 Scare-a-Con Film Festival. It also screened at the 2014 Buffalo International Film Festival and the 2015 Snowtown Film Festival


</doc>
<doc id="43524881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43524881" title="Get Out Alive">
Get Out Alive

Get Out Alive is a 2012 American Horror/Thriller film directed by Clay DuMaw. The movie's plot pays tribute to elements from 70s and 80s horror films like The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and The Evil Dead.

While returning from a vacation, siblings, Paul (David Fichtenmayer) and Marilyn (Rhiannon Roberts), fall prey to a pair of homicidal mechanics and their bloodthirsty pet monster.


The film received an "Official Selection" at the 2013 Scare-a-Con Film Festival, and won "Best Music".



</doc>
<doc id="43530533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43530533" title="Fit-Boy">
Fit-Boy

Fit-Boy is a 2011 United Kingdom no-budget feature film written and directed by Glen Pearson. Set in Somerstown, Portsmouth, the film stars William Robert Pearson, Nathan Watkins, and Tom Soane. It was released through YouTube on 25 October 2011.

Fit-Boy (William Pearson) is a drug-dealing womanizer from Portsmouth. His buddies, Billy (Nathan Watkis), Jim (Tom Soane), Zac (Owen Llewelyn) and Steve (Charlie Bowes) help him out whenever they can, but when he starts conflicts with local hip-hop outfit Twisted Mindset, his drug supplier Jason (Chris St. Omer) and others who get in his way, they have to decide whether or not it's time to leave Fit-Boy alone to his own devices. But as things spin out of control, will Fit-Boy be leaving them alone?

"Film Threat" wrote that the film had a "crude rhythm", with a "dark tone". Its slow pace drew in and immersed the audience, and it would benefit by being shorter and getting to its story-line sooner. That shared, "there’s a rawness to the image that works with the crudeness of the characters." In granting it having rough audio, "it’s impressive that anything sounds good, or at least tolerable, in some sequences." While the film "lacks a certain amount of polish," it does not suffer too badly..."everything works together to deliver an uncomfortably gritty experience."

"Rogue Cinema" gave it "3 out of 4 cigars", feeling that while the story was at first difficult to follow, it soon became easier to watch and understand once the viewer caught on to hearing thick UK accents. The American reviewer wrote it was "a bit hard to understand in places… speaking as an American… but if you stay with it, soon you’ll understand the accents and the movie will drag you in." The film was called "very good", though "it’s not perfect and it’s not for everyone". Viewers who enjoy "a good story," and wish "a glimpse into a different culture," would like it.

"Strangers in a Cinema" found the film reassuring to filmmakers for its being made on "an absolutely zero budget" which used locations in contemporary Portsmouth to look into and share a "snapshot of the life of the eponymous Fit-Boy." Through the film's length, there were "concessions made to the look and feel of the production," which in considering the scope of the project might be excusable individually, but "cumulatively they are distinctly amateurish." The film's sound design was considered excellent "over and above the rest of the work." However, the film's "editing and visuals are inconsistent and best and positively ‘i-Phone’ at worst," apparently showing a mis-communication "between the visual and editing team." These flaws detract from the film's drama. Even if conceding the film an "A for effort", such is diminished by an "indulgence of its sillier elements." It was concluded that the film "comes across as an example of over ambition," which could have been addressed "with a tighter pared-back script and some more technical nous."

The film was an official selection of the Portugal Underground Film Festival and the Camarthen Bay Film Festival. The film has been selected to feature the 2014 Spring showcase of the American Online Film Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="43530847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43530847" title="X-Men: Apocalypse">
X-Men: Apocalypse

X-Men: Apocalypse is a 2016 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer and written by Simon Kinberg from a story by Singer, Kinberg, Michael Dougherty, and Dan Harris. The film is based on the fictional X-Men characters that appear in Marvel Comics and is the ninth installment in the "X-Men" film series. It is the sequel to "" (2014) and stars James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Jennifer Lawrence, Oscar Isaac, Nicholas Hoult, Rose Byrne, Tye Sheridan, Sophie Turner, Olivia Munn and Lucas Till. In the film, the ancient mutant En Sabah Nur / Apocalypse awakens in 1983 and plans to wipe out the modern civilization and take over the world, leading the X-Men to try to stop him and defeat his team of mutants.

The film was announced by Singer in December 2013, with Kinberg, Dougherty, and Harris attached to develop the story. Casting began in October 2014, while principal photography commenced in April 2015 in Montreal and ended in August of the same year.

"X-Men: Apocalypse" premiered in London on May 9, 2016, and was released in the United States on May 27, 2016 in 3D and 2D, and in IMAX 3D in select international markets. The film received mixed reviews, with critics praising its themes and acting performances, while the portrayal of Apocalypse, overuse of CGI and formulaic nature of the film were criticised. A sequel, titled "X-Men: Dark Phoenix", was released on June 7, 2019.

In 3600 BCE, the powerful mutant lord En Sabah Nur, hailed as a god named Apocalypse, rules ancient Egypt until he is entombed alive by a rebellion. Awakening in 1983, he believes humanity has lost its way. Aiming to destroy the world and remake it in the image he sees fit, he recruits Ororo Munroe and upgrades her power. In East Berlin, shape-shifting mutant Raven frees Kurt Wagner, a teleporting mutant, from a cage match with Angel and requests black marketeer Caliban to transport him to America. Apocalypse recruits Caliban's bodyguard Psylocke, and Angel, enhancing both of their powers.

Alex Summers takes his brother Scott to Professor Charles Xavier's educational institute, hoping that Xavier and Hank McCoy will teach him to control his mutation for shooting optic beams. Scott meets the Level 5 telepathic and telekinetic Jean Grey, and the two develop an attraction. Apocalypse's powers cause disturbances around the world, leading Xavier and Alex to consult with CIA operative Moira MacTaggert, who has been researching the legend of Apocalypse and tells them Apocalypse's origins; he was born millennia ago in Egypt as the first mutant, leading a team of mutant soldiers known as the Four Horsemen, while Apocalypse used his powers of destruction and rebuild.

In Communist Poland, Erik Lehnsherr uses his powers to save a co-worker during an earthquake, prompting local soldiers to capture him. When one accidentally kills his wife and daughter, Erik retaliates by slaughtering the group. Apocalypse takes Erik to Auschwitz and encourages him to use his powers; Erik destroys the camp and joins Apocalypse, who remotely accesses Cerebro, the device Xavier uses to locate mutants, and forces Xavier to make the global superpowers launch their entire nuclear arsenals into space to prevent interference with his plan.

Apocalypse and his Four Horsemen arrive at the mansion and kidnap Xavier. Attempting to stop them, Alex causes an explosion that destroys the mansion. Peter Maximoff arrives and uses his super-speed to evacuate the building, but Alex seemingly dies in the blast. Colonel William Stryker's forces capture Hank, Raven, Peter, and Moira, and take them for interrogation. Scott, Jean, and Kurt follow covertly, and liberate their comrades using Stryker's experiment Weapon X (Wolverine), whose memories Jean partially restores before he escapes. Apocalypse, Xavier and the Horsemen arrive at Cairo.

In Cairo, Erik uses his powers to control the Earth's magnetic poles causing destruction across the planet. Apocalypse plans to transfer his consciousness into Xavier's body and enslave every person on Earth. He forces Xavier to send a message to mankind, informing them of his plan. However, Xavier secretly sends a telepathic distress call to Jean, as well as ordering mutants to protect humans, and the others travel to Cairo to battle Apocalypse and his horsemen and rescue Xavier whilst Apocalypse uses his powers to destroy the city, transforming it into a huge pyramid where he would transfer his mind into Xavier's. When Angel and Psylocke attack the plane, Nightcrawler teleports them away and crashes the plane, seemingly killing Angel. Apocalypse discovers Xavier rescued, much to his anger.

Erik and Ororo are persuaded to turn on Apocalypse and, with the help of Scott, keep him occupied physically while Xavier fights him telepathically in the astral plane. Xavier encourages Jean to unleash the full strength of her abilities, incinerating Apocalypse's body to death while Psylocke escapes.

After the battle, Xavier and Moira rekindle their relationship, Erik and Jean help reconstruct the school, but Erik refuses Xavier's offer to stay and help teach; Peter likewise decides not to tell Erik yet that he is Erik's son. Using confiscated Sentinels, Hank and Raven train the new X-Men recruits: Scott, Jean, Ororo, Kurt, and Peter.

In a post-credits scene, men in black suits visit the Weapon X facility to retrieve an X-ray and a blood sample marked "Weapon X", on behalf of the Essex Corporation.


Additionally, Tómas Lemarquis portrays Caliban, a mutant with the ability to sense and track other mutants. and Wrestler "Giant" Gustav Claude Ouimet plays The Blob, Angel's opponent in an underground fight club. Monique Ganderton, Warren Scherer, Rochelle Okoye, and Fraser Aitcheson play Apocalypse's original lieutenants, Death, Pestilence, Famine, and War respectively. Carolina Bartczak portrays Magda Gurzsky, the wife of Erik Lehnsherr and mother of their mutant daughter Nina Gurzsky.

Hugh Jackman makes an uncredited appearance as Logan / Wolverine, in his Weapon X form. In that same scene, director Bryan Singer cameos as a guard who is killed by Wolverine as he attempts to escape the complex. X-Men co-creator Stan Lee and his wife Joan B. Lee make a cameo appearance together, as bystanders witnessing the launch of nuclear missiles worldwide; this was Joan's last film before her death the following year. Željko Ivanek cameos as a Pentagon scientist. In a deleted scene, Scott shows Jean a record from Dazzler. The scene is not in the theatrical film, but is included on the home video release.

Journalist Jessica Savitch and actors Leslie Parrish and Michael Forest (appearing in footage with dialogue from the 1967 "" episode "Who Mourns for Adonais?").

The film was announced by Bryan Singer in December 2013 via Twitter, before "Days of Future Past" was released to theaters. In the same month, Simon Kinberg, Dan Harris, and Michael Dougherty were revealed by Singer to be attached to work on the film's story. According to Singer, the film would focus on the origin of the mutants, and features the younger versions of Cyclops, Jean Grey, and Storm. Singer also said that he was considering Gambit and a younger version of Nightcrawler to appear. According to Kinberg, it would take place in 1983, and completes a trilogy that began with 2011's "". In September 2014, 20th Century Fox officially announced that Singer would direct the film. Singer has called the film "kind of a conclusion of six X-Men films, yet a potential rebirth of younger, newer characters" and the "true birth of the X-Men".

Singer said that Apocalypse is the main focus of the film. Kinberg said that the younger versions of Scott Summers, Storm, and Jean Grey appearing in the film are "as much a part of the film as the main cast". He described Summers as "not yet the squeaky-clean leader", Storm as a "troubled character who is going down the wrong path in life", and Grey as "complex, interesting and not fully mature." Kinberg also said that the film delivers on the dramatic story and emotion of the last two films and that it acts like the culmination of the main characters portrayed by Lawrence, McAvoy, Fassbender and Hoult. Kinberg said "First Class", "Days of Future Past", and "Apocalypse" formed a trilogy about Mystique, explaining,

She starts in "First Class" entirely on Charles' side, ends up following Erik, and we then find her in "Days of Future Past" and she's on her own because Erik is gone. She's on her own side in that movie but is drawn toward Charles by the end of the film and shoots Erik. Then in "Apocalypse" she comes back to Charles. There's a full circle narrative over the span of this little trilogy that is about Mystique from beginning with Charles in the mansion and ending with Charles in the mansion, but not as the same timid little girl we met in "First Class".

Kinberg was paid $8 million for writing the script, the same amount he received for "X-Men: Days of Future Past". The plot was partially inspired by the 1986 X-Men story arc "The Fall of the Mutants".

In October 2014, casting for "X-Men: Apocalypse" began. In November, Singer confirmed that Oscar Isaac would portray Apocalypse. In January 2015, Singer announced that Alexandra Shipp, Sophie Turner, and Tye Sheridan would portray young Storm, Jean, and Cyclops, respectively. The same month, Kinberg confirmed that Rose Byrne would reprise her role as Moira MacTaggert in the film. In February, Kodi Smit-McPhee was cast as Nightcrawler and Ben Hardy was cast in an unspecified role. In March, Singer announced that Lana Condor was cast as Jubilation Lee. In April, Singer confirmed that Hardy would portray Angel, Olivia Munn would portray Psylocke, and Lucas Till would return as Havok. In May, Singer announced that the mutant Caliban would appear in the film. In July, Hoult revealed on "Conan" that Josh Helman would return as William Stryker. In April 2016, Hugh Jackman confirmed that he would make a cameo appearance as Wolverine.
Principal photography commenced on April 27, 2015, in Montreal, Canada. In late August, the first-unit production for the film wrapped. Additional filming took place in January 2016.

Australia-based Rising Sun Pictures provided, as it did for "X-Men: Days of Future Past", the effects for Quicksilver's time-stopping, quick motion effects in the mansion rescue scene, and also other effects, including when Cyclops splits Professor Xavier's favorite tree in half. Aerial footage of snow-capped mountains as Stryker traveled in his helicopter to the secret base was provided by SmartDrones of St. Albert, Alberta, Canada.

On March 2, 2015, it was announced that John Ottman, who composed the scores for "X2" and "", would return to write and compose the score for "Apocalypse". On May 20, 2016, the official soundtrack was released as a digital download. In addition to Ottman's score, the film features a remix of the second movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's seventh symphony entitled "Beethoven Havok" and two songs contemporary to the film's 1983 setting, "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)" by Eurythmics and "The Four Horsemen" by Metallica.

The visual effects are provided by Moving Picture Company and Hydraulx and Supervised by Anders Langlands and Colin Strause with help from Digital Domain, Cinesite, and Rising Sun Pictures.

In July 2015, Singer, Lee, Hugh Jackman and cast-members McAvoy, Fassbender, Lawrence, Isaac, Hoult, Munn, Peters, Smit-McPhee, Turner, Sheridan, Shipp, Condor, Till and Hardy gave a presentation at the 2015 San Diego Comic-Con International, together with the release of the film's first teaser poster, featuring En Sabah Nur and a wreckage of the X-Mansion. Footage from the film was screened.

In October 2015, Mars Chocolate partnered with 20th Century Fox for the marketing of the film, using M&M chocolates in their promotional materials. The deal included retail displays and special packaging markings, TV and cinema commercials, and social media posts featuring M&M's characters mixed with elements of the X-Men. The first image of M&M candies wearing Storm and Magneto costumes was released on the day of the announcement.

In December 2015, Kia Motors collaborated with 20th Century Fox to create a custom Kia Sportage to promote the film. Designed after Mystique, the car was revealed at the 2016 Australian Open. It is Kia's second "X-Car" project after the Kia Sorento customized for the home media release of "Days of Future Past" and the 2015 Australian Open. A trailer released in the same month received criticism from Rajan Zed, a United States-based Hindu cleric, who stated that the part where Apocalypse claims himself to have been called "Krishna" was an offense to the Hindu religion, and demanded that Singer remove all references to Krishna from the trailer, and the film itself. The references to Krishna were removed from the film's final cut. On January 4, 2016, Kia Motors released the first promo video of the car, featuring Spanish tennis player Rafael Nadal.

Concerning the character Apocalypse, the director Bryan Singer has said,

In April 2016, Coldwell Banker partnered with 20th Century Fox to list the X-Mansion for $75 million. The fictional listing included a video tour of the mansion and stories of the home from the perspective of characters such as Charles Xavier and Scott Summers. The fake property was listed by agent Kala V. Rhomedren, an anagram for Raven Darkholme. That same month, Fox released a faux TV show called "In the Footsteps of ..." narrated by George Takei which is inspired by the classic TV series "In Search of ..." that focus on En Sabah Nur's origins. In May 2016, Fox released a faux TV Commercial for the Xavier School for Gifted Youngsters with Lana Condor as Jubilee. They also released a video voiced mail message a week later and a faux TV show called "Fables of the Flush & Fabulous" with Robin Leach which is inspired by Leach's show "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous".

Billboards in Los Angeles and New York City promoting the film garnered controversy for showing an image of Apocalypse choking Mystique, with critics saying the ad advocates violence against women. Among those opposed to the material was actress Rose McGowan, who told "The Hollywood Reporter": "There is a major problem when the men and women at 20th Century Fox think casual violence against women is the way to market a film. There is no context in the ad, just a woman getting strangled. The fact that no one flagged this is offensive and frankly, stupid." In apologizing for the billboard, Fox said it intended to remove the image from circulation.

"X-Men: Apocalypse" had its world premiere in London on May 9, 2016. The film was released in 20,796 screens across 76 international markets on May 18, 2016, one week before its North American debut. "Apocalypse" was issued triple 3D, 4DX, and 2D formats, and in IMAX 3D in select international markets, using the DMR process. It opened in Korea on May 25 and in China on June 3. It was released in Japan on August 11.

The film was released by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment on digital download on September 9, 2016, and on DVD, Blu-ray, 3D Blu-Ray and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray on October 4, 2016. The film topped the national home video sales charts for the week ending on October 9, 2016.

"X-Men: Apocalypse" grossed $155.4 million in the U.S. and Canada and $388.5 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $543.9 million against a budget of $178 million. The film is the fourth-highest-grossing film in the "X-Men" series (without adjusting for inflation), behind "Deadpool", "Logan", and "". It made 27% less than "Days of Future Past".

"X-Men: Apocalypse" opened in the United States on May 27, 2016 alongside "Alice Through the Looking Glass" and was projected to gross around $80 million from 4,150 theaters in its opening weekend, and up to $100 million over the four-day Memorial Day weekend. It made $8.2 million from Thursday previews at 3,565 theaters (better than its predecessor at $8.1 million). On its opening day it earned $26.4 million (including previews), the fourth-lowest opening day amount of the franchise. In its opening weekend, it grossed $65.8 million. Over the four-day Memorial weekend it earned $79.8 million, including $9 million from 480 premium large format screens and $19 million from RealD screens. In its second weekend the film grossed $22.3 million (a drop of 66.1%), finishing second at the box office behind "".

Elsewhere, "X-Men: Apocalypse" was released one week before the United States in 76 markets, and grossed $101.5 million from 20,796 screens over the May 18 weekend. It debuted at No. 1 in 71 of those markets, with IMAX contributing $5 million from 246 screens in 57 markets, while RealD took in $18.4 million. It broke opening records for Fox in the Philippines ($4.9 million), India ($3.4 million), Indonesia ($3.1 million), Singapore ($2.8 million), Thailand ($2.7 million) and Colombia ($1.9 million), and had the biggest opening in the "X-Men" franchise in 33 markets, including Russia ($6.5 million). Its top openings were the United Kingdom ($10.5 million), Mexico ($8.6 million), Brazil ($6.6 million), Russia ($6.5 million) and France ($5.9 million). It opened in China on June 3 and brought in $59 million, the second-largest Fox opening in China and $20 million more than "Days of Future Past". It opened next in Japan on August 11.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 47% based on 334 reviews, with an average rating of 5.64/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Overloaded action and a cliched villain take the focus away from otherwise strong performers and resonant themes, making "X-Men: Apocalypse" a middling chapter of the venerable superhero franchise." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 52 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an overall positive score of 81% and a "definite recommend" of 62% .

Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of "The A.V. Club" commented, "Much of what makes "X-Men: Apocalypse" legitimately interesting also makes it frustrating and lopsided, since Singer and screenwriter-producer Simon Kinberg remain committed to the structure of an overlong comic-book blockbuster, complete with a climax in which the world has to be saved using as many different colors of energy beam as possible." Mike Ryan of Uproxx disparaged the film's story as redundant and stale, arguing "I get it: Life is hard for mutants. We all get it. It's literally the only thing mutants ever seem to talk about. It is odd that other superheroes seem to get to have some fun, but never the X-Men. Here we are, 16 years later, and everyone involved is still sad. It feels repetitive." Scott Mendelson of "Forbes" wrote, ""X-Men: Apocalypse" is the kind of weightless, soulless trifle of a bore that makes comic book superhero movies look bad and makes me not look forward to the next installment." Helen O'Hara of "Empire" criticized the performances of the main cast and stated that the film felt "messier and heavier than "Days of Future Past"."

On the other hand, Mick LaSalle from the "San Francisco Chronicle" gave the film a positive review, calling it "a thinking person's action movie" and complimenting its high stakes. Richard Roeper called the film "a visual feast" and lauded its cast, saying "Even the hardcore geeks who like to get their Comic-Con on might be feeling a little superhero fatigue right about now. Still. You owe it to yourself to see Quicksilver do his thing."

In May 2016, Simon Kinberg said the next "X-Men" film would be set in the 1990s. He separately said the post-credits scene mentioning the Essex Corporation was related to "Logan" (2017), and that it could have ties to "Gambit" as well as the following "X-Men" film. Bryan Singer said he would be interested in having the villain Proteus in an "X-Men" film. He also said he would be stepping away from the franchise but could envision returning later in some capacity. But amidst allegations of sexual abuse in 2017, Singer was removed from production after being involved in the earliest production stage. The film's sequel, "Dark Phoenix", was released on June 7, 2019.



</doc>
<doc id="43537702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43537702" title="Broken Lizard Stands Up">
Broken Lizard Stands Up

Broken Lizard Stands Up is a 2010 stand-up comedy film featuring live performances by the members of Broken Lizard. It was directed by Broken Lizard member Jay Chandrasekhar.

The film was originally broadcast on Comedy Central on September 11, 2010, followed by a DVD release with extras on September 14, 2010.


The film holds a 5.5 rating on imdb.com.


</doc>
<doc id="43539422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43539422" title="The Night Before (2015 film)">
The Night Before (2015 film)

The Night Before is a 2015 American Christmas comedy stoner film directed by Jonathan Levine and written by Levine, Evan Goldberg, Kyle Hunter and Ariel Shaffir. The film stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Seth Rogen and Anthony Mackie as three childhood friends who annually reunite on Christmas Eve in search of the best party in New York City. Lizzy Caplan, Jillian Bell, Mindy Kaling and Michael Shannon also star.

Principal photography began on August 11, 2014, in New York City. Good Universe and Point Grey Pictures produced the film, which Columbia Pictures released on November 20, 2015. The film received fairly positive reviews from critics and grossed $52 million worldwide.

In December 2001, Ethan Miller (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) loses his parents in a car accident. His best friends Isaac Greenberg (Seth Rogen) and Chris Roberts (Anthony Mackie) resolve to spend every Christmas Eve with him. Learning of the Nutcracker Ball, an exclusive Christmas Eve party, but unable to find it, they continue their collective holiday. 

In 2015, the friends decide to end the tradition. Chris, now a famous football player, and Isaac, married with a baby on the way, worry that Ethan, a struggling musician working at a hotel, is not ready for the tradition to end.

At work, Ethan steals invitations to the Nutcracker Ball. Before embarking on their last Christmas Eve together, the friends meet at Isaac's house where his pregnant wife Betsy (Jillian Bell) gives him drugs to take later. Following their usual tradition, the friends stop first at the Rockefeller Tree, where Ethan reveals the tickets to the ball. In an attempt to impress his teammates, Chris purchases marijuana from their former high school dealer, Mr. Green (Michael Shannon). At a karaoke bar, the friends run into Diana (Lizzy Caplan), who recently broke up with Ethan, and her friend Sarah (Mindy Kaling), both of whom are attending the Nutcracker Ball. Isaac, negatively affected by the drugs he took, records a video phone message confessing he is terrified of having a child. Chris’ marijuana is stolen by a supposed fan (Ilana Glazer), a Christmas-hating thief.

The friends contact Mr. Green again, who meets them at Chris' mother's (Lorraine Toussaint) house, where the friends have dinner. Chris' mother encourages Ethan to make up with Diana, and Isaac realizes he has switched phones with Sarah. While they search for Isaac's phone, the same thief steals Chris' marijuana again. The friends split up, as Chris wants his marijuana back, Isaac wants his phone, and Ethan wants to go to the party. Chris fails to recover his marijuana but learns from the thief to value his true friends. Isaac, hallucinating from a mixture of drugs, meets his wife and her family and vomits during Midnight Mass. Ethan is beaten by two drunk pub crawling Santas after defending the spirit of Christmas.

Meeting back at a subway station, the tension between the friends explodes as Ethan reveals that he and Isaac know Chris' sudden success is due to steroids, and Chris reveals that he and Isaac think Ethan is lost.

Despite their revelations, the friends go to the Nutcracker Ball. Chris learns that his teammates did not need the marijuana he struggled to obtain, and mock him for a video shot earlier with his friends. Isaac retrieves his phone, learning Sarah never revealed his video message. Ethan finds Diana and spontaneously proposes to her in front of the entire party with Miley Cyrus. While she accepts publicly, she declines in private, saying that he only proposed out of fear of losing his friends.

Ashamed, Ethan goes to the roof where he finds Mr. Green, who reveals that he is the creator and host of the Nutcracker Ball. After experiencing a memory of his friends initiating their yearly ritual, Ethan rejoins Chris and Isaac, who have been thrown out after an altercation with Chris' teammates.

As morning dawns, the friends reconcile just as Isaac receives a message that Betsy is in labor. Rushing to the hospital in Mr. Green's car, they discover it was a false alarm. Mr. Green is revealed to be an angel, helping the friends to earn his wings. Isaac shows his wife the video, and she admits she is also scared about raising their daughter. The trio spend Christmas at Isaac's house, after which Chris has dinner with his mother and admits to his steroid use. Ethan goes to Diana's house, where he apologizes for his behavior and not being ready to commit. Admitting that she has missed Ethan, Diana accepts his request to finally meet her parents.

One year later, the friends and their loved ones spend Christmas together. Isaac's baby cannot sleep, so the trio serenade her. It is revealed that the story is told from a book read by Santa, the father of Mr. Green.

On February 10, 2014, it was announced that Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon-Levitt would reunite in the film, following "50/50", in which they co-starred. On May 13, Anthony Mackie joined the cast. Jonathan Levine, director of "50/50", directed "The Night Before" from his own script. Good Universe and Point Grey Pictures produced the film, which Sony's Columbia Pictures distributed.

On August 7, Jillian Bell was cast to play Betsy, the wife of Rogen's character. On August 8, Lizzy Caplan joined the cast to play Diana, a love interest of Gordon-Levitt's character.

Principal photography on the film began on August 11, 2014, in New York City. On August 14, filming was taking place around 112th street and Broadway in NYC. On August 22, Rogen was spotted filming scenes outside a church in Manhattan. On January 5, 2015, filming was taken place in and around Rockefeller Center, where the crews were taking some shots of the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree.

The film was originally scheduled to be released on December 11, 2015, but Sony moved the release date to November 25, 2015, and later to November 20, 2015.

"The Night Before" grossed $43 million in North America and $9.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $52.4 million, against a budget of $25 million.

In the United States, "The Night Before" opened alongside "" and "Secret in Their Eyes" on November 20, 2015. In its opening weekend, the film was projected to gross $12–13 million from 2,960 theaters. The film made $550,000 from its Thursday preview screenings and $3.6 million on its first day. In its opening weekend, the film grossed $9.9 million, below expectations, and finished fourth at the box office behind "Mockingjay – Part 2" ($102.7 million), "Spectre" ($15 million) and "The Peanuts Movie" ($13.2 million). In its second week, the film grossed $8.4 million (a drop of 15.2%), finishing 6th at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 67% based on 153 reviews, and an average rating of 6/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Night Before" provokes enough belly laughs to qualify as a worthwhile addition to the list of Christmas comedies worth revisiting, even if it isn't quite as consistent as the classics." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 58 out of 100, based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.



</doc>
<doc id="43545703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43545703" title="Share (2015 film)">
Share (2015 film)

Share is a 2015 American short drama film written and directed by Pippa Bianco, and starring Taissa Farmiga, Keir Gilchrist, Madisen Beaty, and Andre Royo. It follows a teenage girl as she returns to school after an explicit video of her goes viral online. The film had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 14, 2015, where it won the Special Jury Recognition Award for Narrative Short. It was then selected as the only American short film at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the first prize Cinéfondation Award. The film received a limited window online release on May 3, 2016 by Memory.

High schooler Krystal Williams receives various text messages from friends asking whether she is the girl featured in a sexual assault video. As she watches the video, she immediately becomes upset. At school the following day, her best friend Jenna is surprised that she has shown up given the circumstances. In the middle of class, Krystal notices her boyfriend Dylan using his phone, and decides to send him a text message. While composing the message, she receives another text with the video attached, and accidentally plays it out loud.

Her teacher Mr. White notices the sound and takes away her phone, telling her to come back at the end of the day to collect it. Once school ends, she retrieves her phone from Mr. White, who asks if everything is okay. On her way out of school, Dylan follows Krystal to the parking lot and the two talk about the situation. Krystal wonders if more than one person was in the room at the time of her assault, to which Dylan says he doesn't know. Back at home, Krystal ignores the text messages she is receiving on her phone.


Pippa Bianco wrote a screenplay for "Share", which was then selected as one of eight short films for the 2014 American Film Institute's Directing Workshop for Women. The annual program requires all of its participants to complete a short film within the year of selection. Bianco collaborated with producers Tyler Byrne ("Blue Ruin"), Andrew Kelly and Danielle Oexmann to produce the short film. Carly Hugo ("The War Boys", "Higher Ground") also served as an executive producer. The budget of the film was partially funded from donations through the crowdfunding website Indiegogo. Part of the money donated was given to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network (RAINN) because of the subject matter involved in the film.

On August 27, 2014, director Pippa Bianco officially confirmed the principal cast members of the film and their subsequent roles through the film's Indiegogo page. Taissa Farmiga portrays Krystal Williams, the lead character and the victim of sexual assault; Keir Gilchrist plays the role of Krystal's boyfriend Dylan, the boy who made the video; Madisen Beaty portrays Jenna, Krystal's best friend; and Andre Royo portrays Krystal's concerned teacher Mr. White.

Principal photography for the film occurred over four days – beginning on July 28, 2014 – and took place in various locations around Los Angeles County, including Ramona Convent Secondary School in Alhambra, California and South Gate Middle School in South Gate, California. Filming concluded for the project on July 31, 2014.

"Share" had its world premiere on March 14, 2015 at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas. The film then premiered at the Directing Workshop for Women Showcase in Los Angeles on May 14, 2015. The film had its European premiere at the 68th Cannes Film Festival, where it was chosen as the only American short film in the official program.

"Share" also played in Toronto on September 12, 2015 as part of Memory's Program No. 1, and screened at the Raindance Film Festival in London on October 4, 2015. The film was released on May 3, 2016 through Vimeo, for a limited time window, as part of Memory Presents: Program No. 1.

Mason Walker of Loser City gave "Share" a positive review, writing, "From that opening shot, the film, for the most part, stays the course; it rarely lets us out of Krystal's shoes. By manipulating sound and image, Bianco shows us how the trauma of sexual assault and public humiliation can make a mundane school day come horribly alive." Walker added of Farmiga's performance, "Oliver Harwood's editing lingers just long enough to catch some of Taissa Farmiga's most chilling facial expressions. Farmiga's performance has many good qualities, but it's even more notable for what it lacks – namely, artifice. She never overplays Krystal's trauma. Instead, she understands that, like many a high school girl, Krystal is trying to hide it – even if the hiding only makes it shine through with terrible transparency."

Following the film's screening at the Maryland Film Festival, Eric Kohn of IndieWire selected "Share" as one of the best new American shorts, writing, "Bianco's approach to depicting teen girl Krystal coming to grips with video documentation of her sexual assault is in tune with many tropes of European art cinema – its long, engrossing takes on par with the Dardenne brothers and a voyeuristic quality reminiscent of Michael Haneke."

In May 2015, it was reported by "Variety" that the film's writer and director Pippa Bianco is adapting the short into a feature-length screenplay at the production company Parkwood Entertainment. In January 2016, the Sundance Institute picked up the film for their Screenwriters Lab. In March 2017, it was reported that production company A24 had boarded the feature-length adaptation, with newcomer Rhianne Barreto replacing Farmiga in the main role. The full-length film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2019 to generally positive reviews. HBO Films acquired distribution rights to the film, premiering July 27, 2019.



</doc>
<doc id="43549657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43549657" title="Aquaman (film)">
Aquaman (film)

Aquaman is a 2018 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, it is the sixth film in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The film was directed by James Wan, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick and Will Beall and stars Jason Momoa as Aquaman, with Amber Heard, Willem Dafoe, Patrick Wilson, Dolph Lundgren, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, and Nicole Kidman in supporting roles. In the film, Aquaman sets out to lead the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, replacing his half-brother, King Orm, who seeks to unite the seven underwater kingdoms against the surface world.

Development began in 2004 but did not gain traction until "Man of Steel" was released in 2013. In August 2014, Beall and Kurt Johnstad were hired to write competing scripts. Wan signed on as director in April 2015, and in July 2016, the film moved forward with Beall's screenplay. The main cast was confirmed through 2016 and early 2017. Principal photography began in Australia in May 2017, taking place at Village Roadshow Studios on the Gold Coast, Queensland, with additional production teams in Canada, Italy and Morocco. Filming concluded the following October. Several vendors provided visual effects, ranging from high-detail hair simulations to the creation of CG animals and locations.

"Aquaman" premiered in London on November 26, 2018, and was released in the United States on December 21. It grossed over $1.1 billion worldwide, making it the highest-grossing DCEU film, the highest-grossing film based on a DC Comics character (surpassing 2012's "The Dark Knight Rises"), the fifth highest-grossing film of 2018, and 20th highest of all-time at the time. The film received postive reviews from critics, who praise the film for its tone, Wan's direction, visual effects and performances, but criticism for its dialogue, runtime and plot. A sequel, "Aquaman 2", is set for release on December 16, 2022, and a spin-off, "The Trench", is in development.

In 1985, Maine lighthouse keeper Thomas Curry rescues Atlanna, the queen of the underwater kingdom of Atlantis. They fall in love and have a son, Arthur, who has the power to communicate with sea creatures. When Atlantean soldiers are sent to retrieve Atlanna, who fled her arranged marriage in Atlantis, she is forced to abandon her family and return to Atlantis, entrusting her advisor, Nuidis Vulko, to train Arthur. Becoming a skilled warrior, Arthur rejects Atlantis upon learning that Atlanna was executed for having a half-breed son.

In the present day, several months after Steppenwolf's invasion, Arthur confronts pirates hijacking a Russian Akula-class submarine. Their leader, Jesse Kane, is killed and his son David vows revenge.

Orm, King of Atlantis and Arthur's half-brother, attempts to convince King Nereus of Xebel to help unite Atlantis and attack the surface world for polluting the oceans. Nereus notes that if Orm unites all four kingdoms, he will receive the title of Ocean Master, commander of the most powerful force on the planet. A Russian submarine attacks and is destroyed by Orm, convincing Nereus to join forces to defend the oceans.

Nereus’ daughter Mera, betrothed to Orm, refuses to aid them and journeys to the surface to ask Arthur for help. He refuses, but Mera earns his trust by saving Thomas from a tsunami sent by Orm. Arthur reluctantly accompanies Mera to a rendezvous with Vulko, who urges Arthur to find the Trident of Atlan, a magic artifact of Atlantis' first ruler, to reclaim his rightful place as king. They are ambushed by Orm's men, and Arthur is captured.

Arthur is chained and presented to Orm, who blames him and the surface for Atlanna's death. He offers Arthur an opportunity to leave forever, but Arthur challenges him to a duel in a ring of underwater lava. Orm gains the upper hand and nearly kills Arthur before Mera rescues him. Arthur and Mera journey to the fallen Kingdom of the Deserters hidden under the Sahara desert, where the trident was forged, and unlock a holographic message that leads them to Sicily, Italy, where they retrieve the trident's coordinates.

Orm meets David, revealing that the submarine that attacked was the one hijacked by David, hired by Orm to stage an attack from the surface to win Nereus’ support. Orm gives David a prototype Atlantean battle suit to kill Arthur, imprisons Vulko, and coerces the Atlantean Kingdom of the Fishermen to pledge their allegiance to him by killing their king and forcing the Princess, who is next in line for the throne, to assembly her forces out of fear.

An armored David rechristens himself Black Manta and ambushes Arthur and Mera in Sicily, grievously injuring Arthur before he is thrown off a cliff to his apparent death. Mera nurses Arthur's wounds as they seek the trident and encourages him to embrace his destiny as king. At their destination, Arthur and Mera fend off amphibious monsters of the Trench, and a wormhole transports them to an uncharted sea at the center of the Earth. They are reunited with Atlanna, who was sacrificed to the Trench for her crimes but escaped to the uncharted sea.

Arthur faces Karathen, a mythical leviathan and keeper of the trident, and voices his determination to protect both Atlantis and the surface, proving his worth and reclaiming the trident, which grants him control over the seven seas. Orm and his allies lead an army against the crustacean forces of the Kingdom of the Brine to complete Orm's preparations. As Orm declares himself Ocean Master, Arthur, and Mera, with the assistance of Karathen and the Trench, lead an army of marine creatures against him. Orm's followers embrace Arthur as the true king upon learning he wields the trident. Arthur defeats Orm in combat but spares his life, and Orm accepts his fate after discovering Arthur has rescued their mother. Atlanna reunites with Thomas, while Arthur ascends to the throne with Mera by his side.

In a mid-credits scene, David is rescued by Dr. Stephen Shin, a scientist and conspiracy theorist obsessed with Atlantis, and agrees to lead Shin there in exchange for help in his revenge on Arthur.


Randall Park portrays Doctor Stephen Shin, a marine biologist obsessed with finding the lost city of Atlantis. Graham McTavish appears as King Atlan, the first king of Atlantis and the ancestor of Atlanna, Orm, and Arthur. Michael Beach plays Jesse, Manta's father and the leader of their group of ocean pirates.

Leigh Whannell, director Wan's longtime movie collaborator, appears in the film as a cargo pilot. Julie Andrews provides the voice of Karathen, a mythical leviathan and keeper of the Trident of Atlan who allies with Aquaman. John Rhys-Davies voices the Brine King and Djimon Hounsou voices King Ricou of the Fishermen, while both of these characters are portrayed on screen through motion capture performed by Andrew Crawford. Natalia Safran and Sophia Forrest provide the voice and motion capture of Fishermen Queen Rina and Fishermen Princess Scales.

In 2004, FilmJerk.com reported that Sunrise Entertainment's Alan and Peter Riche planned to bring Aquaman to the big screen for Warner Bros., with Robert Ben Garant writing the screenplay. However, the attempt fell through. In July 2009, it was reported that "Aquaman" was in development at Leonardo DiCaprio's Appian Way. Warner chairman and CEO Barry Meyer said that an "Aquaman" film was in development. After "Man of Steel"'s release in 2013, a source from Warner Bros. told "The Wrap" that they were discussing future films, with the mention of more "Man of Steel" movies as well as a Superman/Batman film, a Wonder Woman film and an Aquaman film. Geoff Johns told "Variety" that Aquaman was a priority character. On August 12, 2014 Warner Bros. announced that it had hired screenwriters Will Beall and Kurt Johnstad to pen separate scripts. The film was developed on dual tracks, although only the better version would move forward.

On April 10, 2015, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that James Wan was the front-runner to direct. In June 2015, Wan was confirmed to direct and overlook the screenplay by Johnstad. On November 12, 2015, David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick was hired to write the script; however, it was unclear whether his would be separate or work with Wan. Previous script plans had been scrapped and Wan and Johns planned to move forward with a new script written by Beall. Later, Johnson-McGoldrick was brought back to the project to rewrite Beall's script.

On March 2016, it was announced that the events of "Aquaman" would be set after "Justice League". Wan confirmed that cinematographer Don Burgess, who had previously worked with Wan on "The Conjuring 2", would serve as cinematographer. Pre-production began in Australia in late November 2016.

In October 2014, Warner Bros. announced "Aquaman" as a part of the DC Extended Universe, with Jason Momoa starring. On October 20, 2014, Momoa revealed that he was preparing for a "Justice League" film, and that he did not know whether a solo "Aquaman" film would come before or after. He thought it might be an origin story. In December 2014, it was revealed that Momoa had signed a four-picture deal with the studio and DC, and he wanted Zack Snyder to direct.

On January 13, 2016, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Amber Heard had entered negotiations to play Mera; her casting was confirmed two months later. Gina Carano, Maggie Q, Ronda Rousey and Debbie Gibson were also considered for the role of Mera. In April 2016, Willem Dafoe was cast in an undisclosed role, later revealed to be Nuidis Vulko. On December 12, 2016, it was confirmed that Patrick Wilson would play Aquaman's half-brother. On January 31, 2017, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II was added to the cast as Black Manta, Aquaman's archenemy in the comics. That same day, press reports noted that Nicole Kidman had entered talks to play Queen Atlanna. Two months later, Kidman confirmed her participation.

By February 2017, New Zealand actor Temuera Morrison had entered talks to play Thomas Curry. On April 12, Dolph Lundgren was cast as Nereus. Ludi Lin was cast in the film on May 15, 2017. Almost two weeks later, Michael Beach, who voiced Devil Ray, a character loosely based on Black Manta in "Justice League Unlimited", was cast as Black Manta's father. In October 2017, Graham McTavish revealed that he had a role. In April 2018, Randall Park was cast as Dr. Stephen Shin, and in July, Djimon Hounsou, Natalia Safran and Sophia Forrest were cast as the Fisherman King, Fisherman Queen, and the Fisherman Princess, respectively. In November 2018, it was revealed that Julie Andrews had a voice role.

Principal photography began in Australia on May 2, 2017, under the working title "Ahab". A majority of the film was shot at Village Roadshow Studios in Gold Coast, Queensland, with additional production in Newfoundland, Sicily and Morocco. Between May and August 2017, location shooting took place on the Australian Gold Coast, including Main Beach, Coomera, Southport, and Amity Point in North Stradbroke Island, Queensland, as well as Hastings Point in New South Wales. On filming underwater sequences, Wan stated that "the underwater world is super complicated" and "it's not an easy shoot".

Filming would have begun on the Lighthouse set at Hastings Point on August 11, 2017, and ended later that month. Filming took place in Newfoundland and Labrador. Willem Dafoe finished up his part by late September. On October 13, James Wan announced that Patrick Wilson had wrapped. Filming on location took place in Morocco by mid-October, which included the cities of Merzouga and Erfoud. Principal photography wrapped on October 21, 2017.

James Wan's five-time collaborator Kirk Morri served as the editor for "Aquaman". Two-time Academy Award winner Charles Gibson ("Babe" and "") and Kelvin McIlwain ("The Fast and the Furious" franchise) served as overall visual effects supervisors. On November 3, 2018, Wan announced that post-production was complete.

On March 7, 2018, Rupert Gregson-Williams was announced as the composer for "Aquaman". Gregson-Williams previously wrote the score for "Wonder Woman", the fourth film in the DC Extended Universe. The soundtrack was released by WaterTower Music on December 14, 2018. The album features an original song by American musician Skylar Grey titled "Everything I Need," written by Grey and Elliott Taylor. Joseph Bishara, Wan's frequent collaborator, composed a piece called "Trench Engaged" for the trench sequence.

2,300 visual effects shots (VFX) appear in the movie, completed by Industrial Light & Magic (ILM), Base FX, Rodeo FX, Scanline VFX, DNEG, Luma Pictures, Weta Digital, Moving Picture Company (MPC), Method Studios, Digital Domain, and Clear Angle Studios . The visual effects for the director's cut were created at the same time as the theatrical cut.

ILM was the lead VFX vendor and worked on creating Atlantis and all its CG animals, the Karathen and the final battle. Jeff White served as the VFX supervisor for ILM. For the underwater sequences, the actors were shot dry-for-wet on special tuning fork rigs designed by the FX team, and later the bodies of the actors were replaced with digital doubles in post-production. For creating Atlantis, the team relied on the designs provided by the art department. ILM's environment team created over 200 buildings, including the signature jellyfish buildings, and laid over 7,000 buildings in districts covering almost 600 square miles for the action to travel through. The underwater ships were modeled off organic creatures and designed to move that way. For the entrance to Atlantis sequence, the team built over 150,000 ships to fill the traffic lanes leading into Atlantis. All the animals, including the Karathen, were built by ILM and animated using keyframe animation.

Approximately 700 shots in the film required high-detail hair simulations. ILM had to significantly improve their hair simulation software due to the unique aspects of hair flowing underwater. Normally, hair simulations use guide strands to define or influence the movement of groups of hair strands. This did not provide a satisfying look, so ultimately, ILM simulated strands individually, which required heavy computations. Additionally, Wan wanted to be able to direct the hair when the physically accurate simulation resulted in undesirable results. ILM delivered 670 shots.

DNEG digitally de-aged Willem Dafoe for the scene where his character Nuidis Vulko trains the young Arthur.

Jay Barton served as the VFX supervisor for Digital Domain. They worked on creating the Dead King's Island environment. For the sequence, the actors were shot in a pool of water against blue screen backgrounds, with Digital Domain adding CG extensions, waterfalls, mountains and dinosaurs in post production. Most of the waterfalls in the scene were created using Houdini, while some were created using practical elements of things such as pouring salt and glass beads. They also built an extensive library of shot FX elements. The dinosaurs were animated using keyframe animation. Digital Domain delivered 19-20 shots.

David Nelson and Craig Wentworth served as VFX supervisors for Method Studios. Method handled the Sicily fight sequence between Arthur, Mera and Black Manta; Arthur's encounter with the Karathen in the Well of the Souls; and his acquisition of Atlan's trident. For the Sicily fight sequence, the team built the main square of the Italian village and terracotta tiled roof set pieces that were backed with blue screen. A completely CG village was also created based on scans and documentation of the real village. For the Well of the Souls sequence, Momoa was filmed dry-for-wet and captured on set in rigs that simulated underwater movements, but they ultimately felt restrictive so artists replaced the majority of his performance with a digital body double and added the CG environment, Karathen and Arthur's free-flowing locks. A specially designed 700fps shot was used in the scene where the camera travels through Arthur's eyes.

Rodeo FX worked on two key sequences, with Sebastien Moreau as VFX Supervisor. For the aquarium that young Arthur visits near the beginning, Rodeo FX used simulations as well as algorithms for the fish behavior. They created hard and soft corals by developing a colonization growth system, along with procedural stem and tentacle generation tools. They also created the environments for the Atlantis ruins below the desert. Artists used a Lego-type approach to layer the environment with a large amount of sand, dust, and rocks, all of which would realistically give way to the characters’ interactions. From there, they sculpted ruined buildings, bridges, towers, statues, and temples, which were textured and shaded to add depth to the ruined city.

Scanline VFX delivered 450 shots. Bryan Hirota served as VFX supervisor. The main sequences produced by them were the lighthouse and its surrounding environment, the “Aquaman” title card that follows the Boston aquarium, Aquaman pushing the submarine to the surface and rescuing the sailors inside, Orm's tidal wave that sweeps away Arthur and Tom, including the rescue and aftermath, Black Manta being paid by Orm for the submarine's delivery, and Arthur and Mera's visit to the Kingdom of the Trench. For the title card, the team relied on Rodeo's work on the aquarium sequence and simulated up to 60,000 fish. The tidal wave sequence was realized with a large-scale simulated wave, which was integrated with a combination of day-for-night footage, blue screen shots for the actors in truck interiors, a truck on a rotisserie rig, an interior cabin in a water tank, and VFX simulations for debris. For creating the lighthouse, a full-size house with the base of the lighthouse tower was constructed by the FX team. Additional house and dock sets were built on sound stages. A digital build-out was done to complete the lighthouse tower and extend the dock fully out into the sea. For the sequence where the camera pushes into a toy snow globe with a tiny lighthouse inside, a CG transition was created from the lighthouse's living room set to a fully CG winter coastline. For creating the Trench creatures, motion capture was done on set by stunt performers.

In March 2017, prior to filming, a first look at "Aquaman" was shown during CinemaCon in Las Vegas, Nevada, with Momoa introducing a video of director James Wan displaying a concept art sizzle reel. Later, on July 22, the film's footage made its debut at San Diego Comic-Con (SDCC) 2017 with a teaser presented by Momoa during the Warner Bros. panel; director Wan presented the footage, stating that "in a lot of ways, this is an origin story," In April 2018, another teaser, with new footage, was shown by Wan and Momoa at CinemaCon, joined by Amber Heard, Patrick Wilson and Yahya Abdul-Mateen II on stage. Wan teased the conflict between Arthur and Ocean Master, stating that "it's almost a very classic Shakespearean story about brother from another world vs. brother from another world. And it really is a classic story of sibling rivalry."

On June 11, 2018, the film's first trailer was previewed at CineEurope. On July 21, 2018, the first trailer was released at SDCC 2018, considered the best received trailer; it was later attached to theatrical showings of "Teen Titans Go! To the Movies", "", "The Meg", "The Predator" and "Venom". The cast appeared on Sunday, July 22, as guests on "Conan" with Conan O'Brien during SDCC. By late August the studio held early test screenings with mixed to positive reactions shared on social media describing the film as good but not great. On October 5, 2018, a 5-minute Extended Video was released by Warner Bros. The first official TV spot for the film came on October 16, followed by a second on November 1. The same month, character posters were released for Aquaman, Mera, Black Manta, Ocean Master, King Nereus, Queen Atlanna and Nuidis Vulko.

On November 7, the studio announced the promotion tour schedule, which would take place during November and December with fan events, screenings, and premieres, including Beijing, London, New York City, Manila, Los Angeles, Miami, Gold Coast, Sydney and Honolulu. Additionally, it was announced that the film would be screened on December 7, 2018, during Brazil Comic Con (CCXP) in São Paulo. The following week, an official behind the scenes featurette was released, which included footage not seen in the mainstream trailers. Two days later, the film's two main posters were released, depicting Aquaman and Mera in their costumes. On November 19 the final trailer was released, alongside the announcement of ticket sales. The same day, 30 minutes of footage was shown in China during the first stop of the film's promotion tour, generating rave reactions.

The film's financial success has been attributed to the studio's marketing plan that attracted a broad demographic (particularly women) through advertising, social media and promotional partners.

"Aquaman" had its world premiere at the Empire, Leicester Square, in London on November 26, 2018. It was released in the United States by Warner Bros. Entertainment in RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, IMAX, IMAX 3D, 4DX and ScreenX on December 21. On November 19, Atom Tickets announced that Amazon Prime members in the United States would have early access to tickets for a December 15 screening of the film at select Regal, National Amusements, ArcLight Cinemas and AMC theaters.

The film was released in China on December 7, in the United Kingdom on December 12, in Argentina, Brazil, and Russia on December 13, and in India on December 14.

It was previously set for July 27, 2018, and then moved to October 5, 2018, before settling on its release date.

"Aquaman" was released for digital download on March 5, 2019, and on Blu-ray, 4K Blu-ray Ultra HD, 3D Blu-ray, and DVD on March 26. It has an estimated total of $14.2 million in US DVD sales, as well as an estimated total of $33.8 million in Blu-ray sales, bringing in a total of $48 million in domestic video sales.

"Aquaman" grossed $335.1 million in the United States and Canada and $812.6 million in other territories, for a total worldwide gross of $1.148 billion. It became the highest-grossing installment in the DCEU and the highest-grossing film based on any DC character. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $260.5 million when factoring together all expenses and revenues, making it the fifth most profitable release of 2018.

The day after announcing the early Amazon screenings, "Aquaman"s first 24-hour pre-sale totals became the highest in the history of Atom Tickets, beating out "" as well as outpacing "", another film Amazon Prime had offered early to subscribers the previous December. The film made $2.9 million from the Amazon preview screenings at 1,225 theaters, higher than the $1.86 million made by "Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle". In the United States and Canada, "Aquaman" was released alongside "Bumblebee", "Second Act," and "Welcome to Marwen" and was projected to gross $65–70 million in its opening weekend and $120 million over its first five days (with some tracking figures going as high as $150 million). The film made $28 million on its first day, including $9 million from Thursday night previews (a total of $13.7 million including the Amazon screenings and a Wednesday preview). It went on to debut at $67.9 million ($73.2 million including all early showings), topping the box office but marking the lowest opening of the DCEU. It then made $11 million on Monday and $22.1 million on Christmas Day, one of six films to ever gross over $20 million on the holiday; its five-day total opening was $105.7 million. The film made $52.1 million in its second weekend, a drop of 23%, as well as $10.1 million on New Year's Eve and $16.8 million on New Year's Day. The film then remained in first place for a third consecutive weekend, grossing $31 million. The film made $17.4 million in its fourth weekend of release but was dethroned by "The Upside", which exceeded expectations to debut to $20.4 million.

In China, where the film was released two weeks prior to its US debut, the film made $24.6 million (¥169.5 million) on its first day, representing 86% of the market share and setting a Warner Bros. opening day record in the country. It went on to debut at $93.6 million (¥644.8 million), marking the best-ever opening for the DCEU, Warner Bros. and a December release in the country. It overtook the entire lifetime gross of "Wonder Woman" there in just three days. The film grossed $12.99 million on Monday, thus crossing $100 million ($107.7 million). By Thursday, its fifth day, the film had made $135.3 million, surpassing the lifetime totals of every solo Marvel Cinematic Universe film. , the film had grossed $298.33 million in China. In the Philippines, "Aquaman" is the biggest Warner Bros. and DC film of all-time, with a cumulative gross of Php 536.4-million, surpassing "Justice League" and becoming the 6th-most successful film of all-time in the country. The film became the highest-grossing film of the decade in Romania.

On review aggregator, Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 66% based on 383 reviews with an average rating of 6.04/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Aquaman" swims with its entertainingly ludicrous tide, offering up CGI superhero spectacle that delivers energetic action with an emphasis on good old-fashioned fun." Metacritic surveyed 50 critics' reviews and assessed 22 as positive, 21 as mixed, and 7 as negative; the website assigned an aggregate score of 55 out of 100, indicating "mixed or average reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an 82% overall positive score and a 69% "definite recommend."

Peter Debruge of "Variety" criticized the dialogue but praised Wan's direction, the production design, and the final act, writing, "The biggest surprise here is how, after the running time of a standard-length film has elapsed, "Aquaman" suddenly kicks the movie up a level for the finale. At just the moment this critic's eyes tend to glaze over in superhero movies—typically, as the villain goes nuclear and a portal to another dimension opens, threatening to destroy the planet—Wan unleashes a massive deep-sea battle on par with "The Lord of the Rings"." Germain Lussier of "io9" wrote ""Aquaman" is all about spectacle. It's filled with ambition. It's always about trying to put the coolest, most imaginative sequence on screen at every single turn of the story, no matter what the cost." Writing for "TheWrap", William Bibbiani called the film "a weird and wonderful superhero adventure that strives—and almost succeeds—to be the most epic superhero movie ever made."

Writing for "Rolling Stone", Peter Travers gave the film out of 5 stars, praising Wan's ambition and Momoa's performance but criticizing the plot and dialogue, writing: ""Aquaman" is a mess of clashing tones and shameless silliness, but a relief after all the franchise's recent superhero gloom." Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the film a C−, writing, "It can't decide if it wants to be silly or serious—a superhero movie or a parody of one...Unfortunately, the bloated, waterlogged film is loaded with crummy CGI, cheesy costumes, and groaner dialogue delivered by actors who are too good to traffic in such nonsense". For the "Chicago Tribune", Michael Phillips gave the film 1.5 stars out of 4, criticizing the film's script and Wan's direction, saying, "Watching this movie is like spending two hours and 27 minutes staring at a gigantic aquarium full of digital sea creatures and actors on wires, pretending to swim."

Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com gave "Aquaman" three-and-a-half out of four stars, positively comparing the film to "SpongeBob SquarePants" in its lack of concern for scientific accuracy, along with praising the treatment of characters crying as "a normal byproduct of pain or joy" instead of "a shameful loss of dignity." Seitz stated that "It takes skill to be as ridiculous as this movie... ["Aquaman"]... feels simultaneously like a spoof and an operatic melodrama. Any film that can combine those modes is a force to be reckoned with."

In December 2018, it was reported that Warner Bros. Entertainment chairman Toby Emmerich had the studio start developing a sequel. Discussions of a follow-up film had begun during post-production, when director James Wan stated to "TotalFilm" that the first film purposefully left room for further stories. Jason Momoa told "Syfy Wire" that he had the beginning for a sequel written, and that after he pitched it to the studio through Emmerich and Safran, they were receptive and enthusiastic. In January 2019, the sequel was officially confirmed to be in development, with the studio courting Wan to return. The following month, David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick, co-writer of the first film, signed on as the screenwriter. Warner Bros. confirmed via "The Hollywood Reporter" that the studio has set a release date of December 16, 2022 with pre-production set to begin in 2020. Yahya Abdul-Mateen II told Uproxx that he will reprise his role as Black Manta for the sequel.

In February 2019, Warner Bros. announced that a "horror-tinged" spin-off called "The Trench" was in development. Wan will produce while Noah Gardner and Aidan Fitzgerald were asked to pen the script. The movie will focus on the amphibious monsters that Arthur and Mera faced in the previous film.



</doc>
<doc id="43559016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43559016" title="The Fire Next Time (miniseries)">
The Fire Next Time (miniseries)

The Fire Next Time is a 1993 American television disaster miniseries directed by Tom McLoughlin and written and produced by James S. Henerson which stars Craig T. Nelson, Bonnie Bedelia, Richard Farnsworth and Justin Whalin. Set in 2017, the plot focuses on a family who, after a series of fires begins to break out due to global warming, must struggle to survive a natural disaster that devastates the earth.


Film critic Rick Sherwood of The Hollywood Reporter wrote in his review: "The Fire Next Time is a small story in a big package, an underworked, underdeveloped and severely underproduced miniseries that might have worked in two hours but fails miserably in four." 

The miniseries became available on DVD on July 21, 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="43561931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43561931" title="Diary ng Panget (film)">
Diary ng Panget (film)

Diary ng Panget () (also known as Diary ng Panget: The Movie) is a 2014 Philippine romantic comedy film based on the best-selling novel of the same name written and published on Wattpad by Denny R. The film was directed by Andoy Ranay and stars Nadine Lustre, James Reid, Yassi Pressman, and Andre Paras. It was distributed by Viva Films and released on April 2, 2014, in theaters nationwide.

The film was received well by fans but heavily panned by most critics with its initial mixed reviews, claiming that the story and the cast has a lack of formula, efforts and calling the story as "cliché". Despite the poor reviews from the critics, the film was a box office success, grossing with an estimated amount of ₱120 million.

Eya (Nadine Lustre) is a kind - hearted girl who has faced several difficulties in life. Orphaned at the age of 14, her aunt adopts her but kicks her out as soon as she turns 18. Unable to make ends meet, she gets a new job as a personal maid only to realize she has to look after Cross (James Reid), an egoistic young man who she calls the "monster". Cross, having lost his mother at a young age, has grown resentful towards everybody around him. But regardless of their differences, they start developing feelings for each other. Eya does not realize this and starts developing a crush on her best friend Chad (Andre Paras), but later lets go of him since he likes her friend Lory (Yassi Pressman). However, Lory has had a crush on Cross since when they were in kindergarten and feels betrayed when Eya starts spending more time with Cross. Chad comforts Lory and expresses his love, which makes her think about exploring other options. Lory makes up with Eya and they decide to go to the school masquerade ball together. Eya gets to dance with a handsome young man who she thinks is her "prince charming", but she fails to recognize him with his mask on. The next day, Eya and her friends help her in finding her prince by measuring the height, voice, and foot size of all the guys in school but fail miserably. 

At the end of the day, Eya gets a call from a man telling her to meet him since he has something to discuss with her. When she meets this man, he claims to be her "prince charming". Cross interrupts them claiming that the man is lying, and the man explains that he was sent by someone in order to provoke the real "prince charming". When Eya confronts Cross about this he comes clean about being her "prince", he also confesses that he likes her, and also explains that she couldn't recognize his voice since he had a cold the day of the ball. Eya then accepts the fact that she likes him too, and agrees to be his girlfriend.


Due to the success of the movie, the soundtrack for the film was released March 26, 2014 by Viva Records with a co-production of Flipmusic records. The physical copy of soundtrack is available in leading music stores and digitally via iTunes.

"Diary ng Panget" received mix to negative reviews from critics.

Zig Marasigan of Rappler states that "Diary ng Panget" provides very little insight on the modern day troubles of a young adult. "It succeeds in bringing together a particularly charming cast with relative newcomer Nadine Lustre leading the charge. Director Andoy Ranay does well to draw an entertaining amount of chemistry between his 4 actors, but unfortunately fails to keep the story, as well as its characters, from breaking out."

Philbert Ortiz-Dy of Click the City gave a negative review in the film, stating that "[t]he simplicity of the story is further undermined by the confusing direction. The film seems to struggle with staging a lot of scenes, the punchlines lost in the odd rhythms of the filmmaking." He also stated that "[t]he direction really fails the cast of young actors, who are acting their hearts out [...] "Diary ng Panget" is squandered by the subpar direction. The looseness of the narrative might have even been an asset if the direction was more inclined to make bolder or more well thought-out choices about how it presented the story."

According to the film's distributor, the film gathered PHP 12—15 million on its first day of showing. The film grossed PHP 61,324,157 on its first five days of showing according to Box Office Mojo. The movie ran for 5 weeks and by the final week of run, Box Office Mojo reported a total gross of PHP 119,534,657 (or estimated PHP 120 million) as the final box office result of the film, receiving the 9th place in the top ten highest grossing Filipino films of 2014.




</doc>
<doc id="43564642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43564642" title="Before I Disappear">
Before I Disappear

Before I Disappear is a 2014 American drama film directed by Shawn Christensen. The film is a feature-length adaptation of his 2012 Oscar-winning short film, "Curfew". The film had its world premiere at South by Southwest Film on March 10, 2014. The film was acquired for distribution by IFC Films on August 5, 2014 and released on November 28, 2014.

In New York City, Richie (Shawn Christensen), a downtrodden young man whose girlfriend, Vista (Isabelle McNally), recently disappeared, discovers the corpse of a girl who died from a heroin overdose while he is cleaning bathroom stalls at a nightclub. The club owner, Bill (Ron Perlman), arranges for her body to be removed without notifying the authorities.

At his apartment, Richie attempts suicide by cutting one of his wrists in a bathtub, when he receives a call from his estranged sister, Maggie (Emmy Rossum), asking him to look after her eleven-year-old daughter, Sophia (Fátima Ptacek). Richie goes to her school, where she recites "Because I could not stop for Death" by Emily Dickinson in both English and Mandarin Chinese. Richie takes her to her apartment before heading home, where he attempts suicide by drug overdose. Richie hallucinates a drug dealer calling him on the phone, threatening him by saying he is in the building. Sophia calls, however, and informs Richie that her mother has not returned home.

Richie arrives at the lobby of Maggie's apartment, where he discovers that the drugs he took were Zolafren, intended for menopause. Outside Maggie's apartment, a suspicious-looking woman asks Richie about his sister's whereabouts. After entering, Maggie calls the apartment, indicating to Richie that she is in central booking and upon hearing of the woman, orders Richie to sneak Sophia out of the building.

Richie takes Sophia to a bowling alley where he works. Richie calls central booking, who inform him that his sister was arrested and is awaiting arraignment at 4:30 AM. The owner of the bowling alley, Gideon (Paul Wesley), has Richie brought to the office. Gideon informs him that his girlfriend has been missing for a day, with her last whereabouts being at Bill's nightclub, and produces a photograph, which Richie recognizes as being of the dead woman he saw the night before. Richie denies knowledge of her whereabouts. He calls Bill, who tells him to come in at 1:30 AM to discuss the situation.

As a favor to Richie, Gideon allows Maggie the use of his lawyer, Bruce Warham (Richard Schiff), who informs Maggie that in the public's eyes, she is a mistress, due to her having sexual relations to a married man, despite having been assaulted.

Richie tells Sophia about flip books he made growing up about a character called "Sophia". He brings Sophia to his former apartment in a downtrodden part of town, where he retrieves some flip books and calms his panicked niece by presenting the premise of a girl who dies in intricate ways, but comes back by the next installment. He then collapses from blood loss, but refuses to go to a hospital, due to promising Maggie to keep Sophia safe.

After Sophia tells him the cruel things her estranged father, Darren (Fran Kranz), says to her, Richie assaults him at his work. Richie and Sophia visit Bill, who divulges that Gideon's girlfriend had been resisting his advances and in retaliation, he gave her heroin. Richie returns to Maggie's apartment, where he returns Sophia home. Sophia tells him that his constant love letters to Vista would work if he told her he loves her.

Having reached an epiphany, Richie confronts Gideon, telling him what happened to his girlfriend. Gideon and his armed thugs abduct Richie, then drop him off alongside the road, before speeding off to deal with Bill. Richie re-encounters the blonde woman, who is revealed to be the wife of Maggie's lover. Richie makes his rendezvous with a released Maggie and escorts her to her apartment.

Maggie tells Richie that she does not want him to stay in her daughter's life, fearing him to be a "false idol". Richie tells her how much he looked up to her when they were younger and how much he still looks up to her now. He returns to his bathtub and prepares to kill himself, when Maggie calls him, inviting him over for dinner. Richie writes a much shorter letter to Vista, stating that he loves and misses her, before looking up and seeing an image of her sitting across from him.


"Before I Disappear" had its worldwide premiere at South by Southwest (SXSW) on March 11, 2014, where it won the Audience Award and was nominated for the Grand Jury Award. Following SXSW, the film was shown at a handful of festivals, including the 71st Venice International Film Festival, where it was the only American film that was selected for the Venice Days program. IFC Films was announced to have acquired the American distribution rights to "Before I Disappear" on August 5, 2014. IFC gave the film a limited theatrical release on November 28, 2014.

Simultaneous with the home media distribution of "Before I Disappear", IFC released the film on November 28, 2014 on video on demand via Amazon.com and iTunes. The film was released on DVD and Netflix on May 19, 2015.

The film opened on November 28, 2014 in one theater and on select VOD platforms. As of August 2016, it earned $10,078 from five screens.

The film won the South by Southwest Audience Award and was in competition at the Venice Film Festival.

On Rotten Tomatoes it holds a 38% rating based on 29 critic reviews and an average rating of 6.2/10. Metacritic gives the film a rating of 47/100 based on 13 critic reviews.

Moviefone called it "visually daring, nearly wondrous, and might be the best late night New York movie since Martin Scorsese's After Hours.
Justin Chang of "Variety" called it "visually well mounted, but too overwrought to really convince or resonate".
Eric Kohn of Indiewire rated it B− and wrote that the film "contains all the strong moments that distinguished "Curfew" while surrounding them with a lot of superfluous additions". Mark Adams of "Screen Daily" described it as "a stylish and beautifully shot adaptation, strong on performance and a nicely nuanced script, but in the end perhaps lacking an expanded story to suit its feature length." David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote a negative review, in which he criticized the writing and flow of the film as being sporadic, but gave credit to the performances of the actors.



</doc>
<doc id="43568243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43568243" title="Bad Habits (2009 film)">
Bad Habits (2009 film)

Bad Habits is the debut feature from director and writer Dominic Deacon starring Sandra Casa and London Gabraelle. The film had its premiere at the Melbourne Underground Film Festival in Australia 2009 and won Best Screenplay and Best Female Actress. The film also won Best Australian Feature Film at the Sexy International Film Festival.

Sister Marie Fenche is a woman on the verge of collapse. Unable to distinguish reality from fantasy, Marie's life is thrown into turmoil when she awakens one morning, alone in a room with a corpse in the bathtub. The truth is not even Marie knows for sure. Marie's only grounding in this confused world is Jamie, an innocent young nun who is both equally enamored and repulsed by her. Jamie can only help so much, however, and Marie's world comes crashing down when she encounters a mysterious stranger who triggers dark and dangerous memories. Unable to sleep and addled by pills Marie releases her final grip on reality as her dementia leads her deeper and deeper into a world of violence, sex and drugs.
The film was shot in Melbourne, Victoria.


The soundtrack was the first collaboration with the directors long standing composer Evan "Moxie" Kitchener. Their other features are Only The Young Die Good and Burlesque. The score has been described as tense and quite haunting.

Bad Habits has received mostly positive reviews upon its release.

"Digital-retribution" gave it 4 out of 5 saying, "Clever, gruesome, grotesque and all wrapped up in a gloriously slimy coat of sleaze, Bad Habits shows that its writer/director Dominic Deacon, and his crew who acquit themselves admirably, is a name to look out for. Next film please folks!".

Severed Cinema's Ray Casta gave 3 and a half stars (out of five) and said, "The film is also erotic and psychosexual, but it never once succumbs to exploitation. A nice touch are the homage's to 1970's Italian cinema which are plentiful. Dominic Deacon's "Bad Habits" is a naughty, Giallo-inspired head-trip that takes the viewer on a dark journey where nothing is what it seems".

Scaryminds.com gave it a perfect 10 out of 10 and said, "One of the best movies I've seen all year, full recommendation to anyone who loves them some quality cinema. Bad Habits will provide the fix true movie fans have been waiting on all year".



</doc>
<doc id="43576157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43576157" title="Finn and Hattie">
Finn and Hattie

Finn and Hattie is a 1931 American pre-Code film directed by Norman Taurog, starring Leon Errol and ZaSu Pitts.


</doc>
<doc id="43576176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43576176" title="Forbidden Adventure">
Forbidden Adventure

Forbidden Adventure, also known as Newly Rich, is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Mitzi Green, Edna May Oliver, Louise Fazenda and Jackie Searl. Three children - two actors and a king - run away from their constricted lives and have a forbidden adventure. Filming took place from April 2 to May 7, 1931.




</doc>
<doc id="43576182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43576182" title="Sooky">
Sooky

Sooky is a 1931 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Norman Taurog and written by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, Norman Z. McLeod and Sam Mintz. It is a sequel to the 1931 film "Skippy". The film stars Jackie Cooper, Robert Coogan, Jackie Searl, Willard Robertson, Enid Bennett and Helen Jerome Eddy. It was released on December 26, 1931, by Paramount Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43576191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43576191" title="College Rhythm">
College Rhythm

College Rhythm is a 1934 American musical comedy film directed by Norman Taurog. The budget was $537,000. Filming started August 16, 1934.

Cocky college football star Francis Finnegan has his eye on the attractive Gloria van Dayham, as does his rival, Larry Stacey.

Francis gets a job in a department store owned by Stacey's father, where salesgirl June Cort develops an attraction to him. Finnegan proposes that Stacey's store sponsor a football team, which causes rival shop owner Whimple to do likewise. The team's head cheerleader, Mimi, falls for team mascot Joe, meanwhile, and everybody pairs off with the perfect partner after the big game.




</doc>
<doc id="43578670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43578670" title="Experimenter (film)">
Experimenter (film)

Experimenter: The Stanley Milgram Story is a 2015 American biographical drama film written and directed by Michael Almereyda, based on the 1961 Milgram experiment. The film stars Peter Sarsgaard, Winona Ryder, Taryn Manning, Kellan Lutz, Anton Yelchin, John Leguizamo, Lori Singer, Dennis Haysbert, Anthony Edwards, and Jim Gaffigan. The film was released on October 16, 2015, by Magnolia Pictures.

The film is based on the true story of famed social psychologist Stanley Milgram, who in 1961 conducted a series of radical behavior experiments at Yale University that tested the willingness of ordinary humans to obey an authority figure while administering electric shocks to strangers. In the first half of the film, it is shown how the experiments are conducted, with nearly every test subject succumbing to the pressure of the circumstances and administering shocks to a stranger, despite the stranger begging him to stop. Between the experiments, it is shown how Milgram meets Alexandra (or Sasha), who will become his wife and mother of two children.

The second half of the film shows how Milgram struggles with the public outcry about the ethics of the experiments and how his career advances as he becomes a professor in New York City and continues to study social interactions and social pressure in more benign experimental settings, including the small-world experiment, the lost-letter experiment, the street-corner (or gawking) experiment, the familiar stranger experiment, and various experiments that he makes his students carry out. 

Archive footage occurs frequently, either as recordings that Milgram watches or as a backdrop for entire scenes. Milgram's work continues until he dies from a heart attack at the age of 51. In the final scene, the street-corner experiment is repeated in the present day, with a cameo of the real-life Sasha Milgram. In a mid-credits scene, more archival footage is shown.

Although director Michael Almereyda was aware of Milgram's work, it wasn't until his girlfriend began taking a class on him that Almereyda became interested. Subsequently, he found himself reading Milgram's "". According to Almereyda once he started reading "[he] instantly saw how filmable it was" becoming increasingly interested in making it into a film the more he went on. In filming, Almereyda wanted it to be "playful" in nature as he felt that's how Stanley Milgram himself would have made it. 

Almereyda decided to have Milgram break the fourth wall based on viewing films of his in which Milgram would talk to the camera, reminding him of Rod Serling or Alfred Hitchcock. From this Almereyda figured having the character talk to the camera "seemed natural and in fact essential to include that in the movie." On May 13, 2014, Peter Sarsgaard and Winona Ryder joined the cast. On June 30, Kellan Lutz, Taryn Manning, Anton Yelchin, Anthony Edwards, and Edoardo Ballerini joined the cast. Principal photography began on June 5, 2014, in New York City.

The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 25, 2015. On March 26, 2015, Magnolia Pictures acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released on October 16, 2015, in a limited release and through video on demand.

"Experimenter" received positive reviews. Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 86%, an average rating of 7.3/10, sampled from 72 reviews. The consensus reads: "Led by a gripping performance from Peter Sarsgaard, "Experimenter" uses a fact-based story to pose thought-provoking questions about human nature." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 81 out of 100 calculated from 20 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".




</doc>
<doc id="43580000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43580000" title="Tekken 2: Kazuya's Revenge">
Tekken 2: Kazuya's Revenge

Tekken 2: Kazuya's Revenge (also known as Tekken: A Man Called X) is a 2014 American martial arts film directed by Wych Kaos. It is the prequel to the 2009 film "Tekken", itself based on the fighting game series of the same name. The film stars Kane Kosugi, Rade Šerbedžija, and Kelly Wenham. Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa and Gary Daniels reprise their roles as Heihachi Mishima and Bryan Fury, respectively. On January 14, 2014, Kane Kosugi said that he would not be starring in the upcoming live-action Tekken prequel, as the company apologized and explained that due to an error on its part, it reported on December 27, 2013 that Kosugi would be playing the titular character "X" in the film.

A man with no recollection of his past wakes up in an apartment in a district outside Tekken City before he is chased by armed men and nabbed by a female assassin named Rhona Anders. He is brought to a guerrilla leader known as "The Minister", who gives him the letter "K" as his codename and has an explosive surgically implanted in his chest, should he fail his mission or attempt to leave the organization. Despite his amnesia, "K" displays exceptional skills in fighting and marksmanship. He befriends the district's local janitor, whose son killed his wife and crippled him before disappearing three years prior. After defeating an opponent in a sparring match, "K" is ordered by the Minister to kill him or the janitor; "K" declines and tells the Minister to let the janitor go, to which the Minister's henchman breaks the defeated opponent's neck.

Over the next few days, "K" is given an apartment unit where he plots his next targets. He befriends a tenant named Laura after saving her from a couple of muggers. After one of his jobs, he tells Rhona he wants out. Recalling the events from where he first woke up, "K" returns to the apartment building from the beginning of the film and asks the manager for records on his previous stay, to which the manager only has him signed under the initials "K. M." On his next job, "K" battles and is defeated by his target, Bryan Fury, who warns him to walk away from his job before disappearing. The next morning, "K" confronts Rhona about Fury, who is revealed to be a former associate of the Minister. As Laura is a nurse, "K" has her remove the explosive from his chest.

"K" receives a call from Fury, who warns him that the Minister has "K" marked as a target. He meets up with Rhona that night before they both encounter Fury, who shows them a newspaper article and tells them they are all pawns of the Minister. Later, Rhona stabs the Minister in the back, but "K" later on discovers that Laura has been abducted by Gentek Factory. The duo sneak into Gentek, where Rhona battles and defeats the Minister's female assassins. "K" meets Heihachi Mishima, who reveals that "K" is his son Kazuya Mishima. Like the ancient Spartans sending their male children to the wilderness to survive alone, Heihachi had Kazuya brainwashed and set loose to test his survival skills. Heihachi shows Laura who has been brainwashed also. The brainwashing process has changed her from calm and sweet girl into seductive hot lady. Kazuya's body is filled with rage when Heihachi kills Laura after they are kissing each other. Kazuya then battles two fighters named Rip and Thorn. After defeating the two combatants, Kazuya accepts his bloodline and has Rhona accompany him to find Heihachi, who stands over the skyline of Tekken City.


"Manly Movie" gave the film a score of three out of 10, commenting that "It's like the producers and writers have no idea who these characters are, and had no intention of giving a crap, but were advised that certain actors were free for a cameo – use them."



</doc>
<doc id="43582575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43582575" title="I'll Take My Chances">
I'll Take My Chances

I'll Take My Chances is a 2011 Nigerian dance romantic drama film, produced by Emem Isong and directed by Desmond Elliot. It stars Ini Edo and Bryan Okwara in lead roles, with Sam Loco Efe, Jide Kosoko, Ini Ikpe, Ashleigh Clark and Abiola Segun Williams in supporting roles. The film's synopsis says: "Tradition demands that a troubled young woman take the position of priestess of the land or else allow calamity to befall the village. She refuses to accept her fate and is further convinced not to heed custom's call by a handsome stranger".

The film premiered in Uyo, Akwa Ibom on 24 September 2011, before its general release on 24 February 2012 and was met with generally mixed to negative critical reviews. It received five nominations at the 2012 Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards, winning the award for "Best Costume", and also got three nominations at the 2012 Best of Nollywood Awards, receiving the award for "Best Edited Movie".

Ikechukwu (Bryan Okwara) and his girlfriend, Giselle (Ashleigh Clark) travels to Lagos from the United States to set up a dance group, they are however met with disappointments after attending several auditions without being selected. IK is posted to the village of Ikot-Uyai for his NYSC, with the hope that he'll work his redeployment back to Lagos in a few weeks, but his request is however refused. Idara (Ini Edo), a village girl enjoys dancing so much; her father, Chief Ekene (Sam Loco Efe) takes her to the priest, concerned about her behaviour with the suspicion that she might be possessed. The village priestess eventually reveals that Idara must become the next priestess of the village, lest calamity would befall the entire village.

Ikechukwu (IK), now serving in a village starts attending traditional dancing sessions; he meets Idara, masked at one of the sessions and he is fascinated by how good she dances. Using a veil Idara dropped while dancing, IK meets Idara once again, but Idara is quite hostile towards him. After much persistence, Idara gives in, and becomes IK's friend. IK and Idara fall in love with each other, as IK's relationship with Giselle becomes strained.

While dancing, Idara grows unconscious and she's taken to the shrine; she gives up to fate, deciding to obey the customs and become a Priestess, but IK tries to convince her otherwise, to no avail. With the help of Giselle, IK finally gets his redeployment letter back to Lagos, and he convinces Idara to tag along, and go against the customs. Her father is strongly against the decision, while her mother only want what's best for her daughter. Idara eventually decides to follow IK to Lagos; the village priestess, along with her crew tries to hypnotize her at the car park, but IK carries Idara into the vehicle and they zoom off.

Giselle notices a difference in IK's behaviour and she soon realizes IK and Idara's unusual closeness at a dance rehearsal. IK asks that Idara become the new lead, but Giselle blatantly refuses. Giselle later catches Idara and IK kissing. A plague breaks out in Ikot-Uyai and people start dropping dead. It is believed that the gods are angry, and Idara now has to go back and obey the custom of the land for the people to be saved. Idara goes back to the village, but still can't pull through with the rituals and returns to Calabar to join the other dance crew at a major competition. The village priest prophesies that Idara would die before 4pm of the day due to her disobedience. The prophecy however doesn't come to pass and Idara's crew wins the dance competition. It is revealed at the epilogue of the film that the deaths of the villagers was caused by the poisoned fertilizers given to the villagers by a senatorial candidate, and not due to Idara's disobedience.


"I'll Take My Chances" was the biggest film to come out of Royal Arts Academy production house in terms of budget and production inputs at the time of its release. The producer had always wanted to make films centred on dance, which was her specialization in school, but had not found the right script. She states: "This project is one that is dear to my heart". The Canadian dancer Ashleigh Clark was flown in from the United States solely for the purpose of this film. Most of the film was shot on location in Akwa Ibom. According to Isong, the cast and crew received considerable love and support from the community while shooting the film. Other shooting locations included Lagos and some areas of Cross River. The film was one of the last films shot by Sam Loco Efe, as he died before its release; it was dedicated to him as a result.

A preview of "I'll Take My Chances" was unveiled to the public on 8 May 2011. The film was premiered in Uyo, Akwa Ibom on 24 September 2011. Emem Isong revealed that the decision to premiere the film in Akwa Ibom is due to the fact that the film was mostly shot there and it presents the culture of the area as a backdrop of the story; so it's "a show of solidarity with the good people of Akwa Ibom". September was also fixed for the premiere, because it is the month in which Akwa Ibom state was created. The premiere featured a short documentary on the late Sam Loco Efe who starred in the film, but died before its release. The film had its Lagos premiere on 24 February 2012, before going on a general theatrical release. The two halls used for the film screenings at the Lagos premiere was reportedly jam packed, that some people who wanted to see the film at all costs had to stand and some sat on the cinema floors. The Ushers at the event were dressed in an Akwa Ibom native outfit. The film was also screened across two cities in Italy, a non traditional market.

The film received mixed to negative critical reviews. Nollywood Reinvented gave it a 37% rating, noting the directing as a major setback for the film. It commended Ini Edo's performance, citing her as the "person who held it all together", but faulted Bryan Okwara's acting skills and panned Ashleigh Clark's performance. It praised the dance sets and concluded by stating: "it["I'll Take My Chances"] was a good story. It had a beginning, had an end, had a conflict. The film has a couple things that might not settle well with the viewers. But then, looking at the movie as a STORY! I was not entertained. If I seek to extract the story from the ruins of the movie, then yes it would have been a 5 out of 5, but if I look at the film as a story, which is what a film is intended to be, then it does not live up to expectations". Victor Olatoye of Nollywood Critics commended the music and dance choreography, but describes the screenplay as "average", commenting: ""I’ll Take my Chances" melded fantastical sequences with quasi-vérité visuals, brisk editing and urban grime. It also addressed issues like career choices, local beliefs, politics, falling in love and Parenting, while celebrating the glorious dancing images of youth in full creative flower". He gave 3 out of 5 stars and concluded: "I’ll Take My Chances ends up been decidedly average drama but with decent dance numbers". Wilfred Okiche of YNaija believes that the fault in the film lies within in its conception through execution, commenting: "Desmond Elliot is at the helm and while his direction is smooth and exciting at some points, the clunky screenplay defeats him. It moves at a leaden pace, does not quite know what to do with itself and becomes stuck in limbo between the both genres it attempts to conquer". While he praised visuals of the film which aptly captures the beautiful scenery of Akwa Ibom, he talked down on Ini Edo's performance and concluded: "Like all movies from the Royal Arts Academy stable, an unnecessary and untidy sub-plot is introduced and it leads to an ending that is clumsily tied together. As it stands now, brilliant young filmmakers are stepping up big time and even the old ones are upping their game and reinventing themselves. For the continued relevance of Royal Arts Academy, they need to do a lot more than "I'll Take My Chances". We deserve better than this – and so do they".

"I'll Take My Chances" received five nominations at the 2012 Golden Icons Academy Movie Awards, including "Best Motion Picture" and won the award for "Best Costume". It also got three nominations at the 2012 Best of Nollywood Awards and received the award for "Best Edited Movie".

"I'll Take My Chances" was released on DVD on 26 November 2012. The VCD version is split in two parts.




</doc>
<doc id="43583030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43583030" title="The Stranger (1987 film)">
The Stranger (1987 film)

The Stranger is a 1987 Argentine-American thriller film directed by Adolfo Aristarain and starring Bonnie Bedelia, Peter Riegert, Barry Primus, Ricardo Darín and Cecilia Roth. It was written by Dan Gurskis. It was released in the United States on December 4, 1987.

A woman living in Buenos Aires (Bedelia), who is suffering from amnesia, discovers that she is the sole surviving witness to a brutal murder. Although the police can find no clues about any murder, the killers begin to hunt her.



</doc>
<doc id="43585853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43585853" title="The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1952 film)">
The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1952 film)

The Outcasts of Poker Flat is a 1952 American Western film directed by Joseph M. Newman and starring Anne Baxter and Dale Robertson. The screenplay is based on a short story of the same name by Bret Harte. Harte's story has been brought to film at least five times, including in 1919 with Harry Carey and in 1937 with Preston Foster.

Ryker, a murderous western outlaw, leaves death and destruction behind after a robbery in Poker Flat and leaves the loot with his wife, Cal, before riding off. A while later, the shaken town decides to banish all undesirables. They include gambler John Oakhurst, saloonkeeper and madam The Duchess and the town drunk, as well as Cal, who had been spotted with Ryker, even though no one knows they are husband and wife.

The others follow Oakhurst, not knowing what else to do. They come across young Tom Dakin and pregnant sweetheart Piney, who were headed for Poker Flat to be wed. In a snowstorm, John leads them to a remote cabin. They have no horses, so Tom takes off for Poker Flat on foot to get help, given $500 of the stolen money by Cal in case he needs to pay someone to form a rescue party.

Ryker turns up, also on foot. He is shocked to find Cal, becomes suspicious and beats her, as well as bullying the others and eating all of their remaining food. He shoots the drunk just for taking a bottle of whiskey. Cal develops a bond with Oakhurst and eventually reveals her situation to him. A fight begins after Ryker shoots and kills The Duchess in cold blood, and Oakhurst is able to strangle him to death. Some head back toward town, while Oakhurst and Cal go the other way.




</doc>
<doc id="43587981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43587981" title="Breathe (2017 film)">
Breathe (2017 film)

Breathe is a 2017 biographical drama film directed by Andy Serkis in his directorial debut, from a screenplay by William Nicholson. It stars Andrew Garfield, Claire Foy, Hugh Bonneville, Tom Hollander, Ed Speleers and Dean-Charles Chapman, and tells the story of Robin Cavendish, who became paralyzed from the neck down by polio at age 28.

The film had its world premiere at the 42nd Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2017. It was released in the United States by Bleecker Street on October 13, 2017, and in the United Kingdom by STXinternational on October 27, 2017.

In 1958 in Kenya, Robin Cavendish falls ill from polio at age 28, not long after meeting and marrying his wife Diana. Paralyzed from the neck down and unable to breathe without the assistance of a respirator, he is given only three months to live. He is repatriated to Britain. Initially he is depressed, refusing to see his wife or newborn son, Jonathan, and wishing to be removed from life support. However, Diana is persistent and slowly his spirits improve. When Diana realises she can provide for his daily care and suggests they move Robin and the respirator home, Robin brightens considerably. Over the strenuous objections of the hospital's administrator Dr. Entwistle (who tells Diana that he will die if without the ventilator for two minutes) and with the help of some of the other doctors and nurses, Robin is brought home and meets his son.

While Jonathan is playing with his dog, the dog knocks out the plug of the ventilator. Robin realises, but unable to move or speak, he cannot get Diana's attention, so instead makes clicking noises with his tongue. Eventually, Diana finds him unresponsive and plugs the ventilator back in.

Seeing his son push a pram gives Robin the idea for a mobile chair with a built-in respirator, so he enlists the help of his friend Teddy Hall to build one. Using the chair, and with the help of Diana and her two brothers, Robin is able to travel away from home for the first time, and with a specially constructed van, the family begins to venture out further, even flying the van on a cargo plane to Spain.

Teddy makes various improvements to his design over time, and eventually Robin teams up with Dr Clement Aitken to produce more of the chairs. After observing a German hospital's prison-like confinement of their severely disabled patients, Robin then appears at a conference and appeals to doctors to treat their patients more humanely, drawing a standing ovation. Robin returns to his original hospital with more of Teddy's chairs, and the rest of the patients in the ward leave with him.

Years later, Robin begins to experience severe bleeding due to his extended time on the respirator, and decides it is time to stop prolonging his life indefinitely. He discusses his decision with Dr Aitken who advises that Diana and Jonathan cannot be involved. He holds a farewell party with his many friends. Sometime later, he instructs his family to leave and return to the house at precise times. Jonathan, now in his twenties, and Diana see Aitken driving away and return to the house. Fading, Robin expresses his love for both of them, and dies, having transformed the lives of many others like him.


The Cavendish's son, Jonathan Cavendish, who runs Imaginarium Productions production company with director Andy Serkis, commissioned writer William Nicholson to write the film's screenplay, and is one of the producers of the film. He stated in an interview with "London Evening Standard" that in producing the film, he wanted to capture the "swashbuckling band of eccentrics" he knew in his childhood.

During filming, Garfield had to remain immobile as Cavendish was depicted being tended to with everyday tasks such as bathing, adding, "But we also had to show that Robin and Diana remained romantically attractive to each other...The amazing thing was that everyone around Robin became his body. He became the mastermind behind all this invention." Garfield characterized Diana as more than just a soul mate, but "Robin's access to the world. He had tremendous dependence, physically and emotionally, on Diana." This influenced Garfield's own relationship with Claire Foy, who portrays Diana, saying, "I would treat her body as my body. There’s a beautiful symmetry and synchronicity there." Garfield explained that he spent time with the real-life Diana, Jonathan and their friends and family, which allowed him to absorb something of Robin's personality, and "glimpse the man inside the respirator".

Regarding her portrayal of Diana, Claire Foy stated, "The most important thing to get was their love for each other. I didn’t want to over-sentimentalise her; and she definitely doesn't want to be seen as a saint, or an angel, or incredible sort of nurse. It was just actually love." According to Jonathan Cavendish, his father's first thought after being struck down by polio was to "turn off the machine", reasoning that Diana was only 25, and telling her, "You can start again." Touching upon Diana's rejection of this notion, Foy states, "She wasn't going anywhere. That's the thing I found the easiest to understand: she loved him! She was going through it with him. There was no cutting and running, as far as she was concerned. That wasn't ever going to be an option."

In September 2016, Bleecker Street acquired U.S. distribution rights to the film. In February 2017, STX Entertainment acquired U.K. distribution rights to the film.

The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2017. It was also screened at the Opening Night Gala at the BFI London Film Festival. It was released in the United States on October 13, 2017, and the United Kingdom on October 27, 2017.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 68% based on 162 reviews, with a weighted average of 6.38/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Strong performances from "Breathe"s well-matched leads help add an edge to a biopic that takes a decidedly heartwarming approach to its real-life story." On Metacritic, the film holds a weighted average score of 51 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="43589228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43589228" title="East Side of Heaven">
East Side of Heaven

East Side of Heaven is a 1939 American musical film directed by David Butler and written by William M. Conselman and James V. Kern. The film stars Bing Crosby, Joan Blondell, Mischa Auer, Irene Hervey, C. Aubrey Smith, Robert Kent and Jerome Cowan. Filming took place in Hollywood from January 13 to March 7, 1939. The film was released on April 7, 1939, by Universal Pictures and had its New York premiere at Radio City Music Hall on May 4, 1939. This was another independent production in which Crosby had a financial interest. 

A man finds himself the father, by proxy, of a ten-month-old baby and becomes involved in the turbulent lives of the child's family.

"Variety" liked it, saying, inter alia: ""East Side of Heaven" is a grand package of entertainment that will play a merry tune at the b. o... Despite his financial interests, Crosby gives support plenty of work and opportunity for some fat lines and situations. Result is a nicely molded piece of light entertainment, long on the comedy and human interest sides, with Crosby the dominant factor throughout. . . Picture is smartly paced, hitting a nice tempo at the start and rolling merrily to the finish. . . Four tunes by Monaco and Burke are handled competently by Crosby, all good, and all with a chance for pop attention.

Bosley Crowther writing in "The New York Times" was in favor of it too. "If there is anything in motion pictures more subtly calculated to paralyze the critical facility than Bing Crosby, it is the formula which Universal has happily hit upon in "East Side of Heaven", at the Music Hall: Bing Crosby and a baby. Whatever the cause—and it is never too wise to inquire too nicely into the origins of the comic spirit—the result in this case is the most felicitous occurrence involving Crosby since last year’s "Sing You Sinners" Even for persons who hate crooning, the spectacle of Mr. Crosby dutifully chanting holiday greetings over the telephone for Postal Union Telegraph...should afford a certain sadistic pleasure...And those rare, dyspeptical types who hate both crooners and babies will derive an evil joy from the scenes in which Bing forced to hide the child after it is kidnapped from grandpa by mama, walks the floor in his pajamas crooning to the helpless infant."

"Sing a Song of Sunbeams"
"Hang Your Heart on a Hickory Limb"
"That Sly Old Gentleman""East Side of Heaven" All written by James V. Monaco and Johnny Burke and sung by Bing Crosby.
"Happy Birthday" sung by Bing Crosby.
"Fifty Years Ago Today" sung by Bing Crosby.
"Now That You Are Man and Wife" sung by Bing Crosby.

Bing Crosby recorded four of the songs for Decca Records. "Sing a Song of Sunbeams", "East Side of Heaven" and "That Sly Old Gentleman" all achieved top ten positions in the charts. Crosby's songs were also included in the Bing's Hollywood series.


</doc>
<doc id="43593242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593242" title="Lucky Boy">
Lucky Boy

Lucky Boy is a 1929 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Norman Taurog and Charles C. Wilson and starring George Jessel. The film was mainly a silent film with synchronized music and sound effects, as well as some talking sequences. The film's plot bore strong similarities to that of the hit 1927 film "The Jazz Singer", which had originally been intended to star Jessel before Al Jolson took over the role.

A young Jewish man works in his father's jewelry business, but he does not like it at all—he wants to be an entertainer, something he knows that his father would never approve of. He comes up with a scheme to put on his own show in a theater and show his father that he can be a success, but things do not work out quite as well as he planned.


The film was originally developed with the title "The Schlemiel", and was filmed without sound by director Norman Taurog under the working title of "The Ghetto" in April 1928. Based on his role in the original stage production of "The Jazz Singer", Jessel was billed as "The Original Jazz Singer" in advertisements.

The film's theme song (featured four times) was "My Mother's Eyes", which (along with the titular song "Lucky Boy") was composed by Abel Baer with lyrics by L. Wolfe Gilbert. The film also featured a score by Hugo Riesenfeld; "You're My Real Sweetheart" and "In My Bouquet of Memories" by Sam M. Lewis, Joe Young, and William Axt; "Keep Sweeping the Cobwebs Off the Moon" by Sam M. Lewis, Joe Young, and Oscar Levant; and "My Blackbirds are Bluebirds Now" by Irving Caesar and Cliff Friend.

Alongside "Lucky Boy"'s theatrical release, "My Mother's Eyes" was released by RCA Victor as a single (Victor 21852) backed with "When the Curtain Comes Down" written by Carl Hoefle, Al Lewis & Al Sherman. As well as becoming Jessel's signature number, the song was re-recorded several times, including an instrumental version by Tab Smith (1952), Frankie Valli's debut 1953 single (which also featured in the 2005 jukebox musical "Jersey Boys" and its 2014 film adaptation), and the titular song from the Sonny Stitt album, "My Mother's Eyes" (1963).

Considered to be lost for many years, "Lucky Boy" is still in existence with a copy of the film held in the UCLA Film and Television Archive.



</doc>
<doc id="43593255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593255" title="In Holland">
In Holland

In Holland is a 1929 American film.


</doc>
<doc id="43593270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593270" title="The Medicine Men (film)">
The Medicine Men (film)

The Medicine Men is a 1929 American Pre-Code film directed by Norman Taurog.


</doc>
<doc id="43593282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593282" title="Troopers Three">
Troopers Three

Troopers Three is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and B. Reeves Eason and produced and distributed by Tiffany Studios.

Eddie Haskins (Lease), a wisecracking young man, teams up with two ham-acrobats known as 'Bugs & Sunny' (Karns and Summerville). When they are all kicked out of a vaudeville theater in California, they enlist in the U. S. Cavalry.

Eddie falls in love with Dorothy Clark (Gulliver), the daughter of a sergeant and, following a moonlight tryst, they are discovered by Sergeant Hank Darby (London) who himself is in love with Dorothy. They have a fist-fight in which Eddie comes out second best.

When Darby is reprimanded for fighting with an enlisted man, the troopers incorrectly think that Eddie squealed on him, and they punish him with a conspiracy of silence. Dorothy also rejects him. Eddie has a problem. Maybe a fire will break out in the stables and he can rescue Sergeant Darby.


The film exists in a 25-minute truncated version.



</doc>
<doc id="43593286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593286" title="Hot Curves">
Hot Curves

Hot Curves is a 1930 American pre-Code comedy-drama film produced and distributed by Tiffany Pictures and directed by Norman Taurog. A print is held by the Library of Congress.

Rex Lease, Benny Rubin and Alice Day star. The supporting cast features Pert Kelton.

Jim Dolan, with a little help from his grandmother, shows the Pittsburgh baseball team what a good pitcher he can be. Jim also becomes involved in romance with Elaine, the manager's daughter, while Maizie, a gold digger, schemes to come between them.

Ballpark vendor Benny, by coincidence, becomes the team's catcher while his quirky sweetheart, Cookie, cheers him on. Jim becomes arrogant, alienates teammates and is even suspended, but snaps out of it in time to save the big game of the World Series.




</doc>
<doc id="43593295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593295" title="Follow the Leader (1930 film)">
Follow the Leader (1930 film)

Follow the Leader (a.k.a. Manhattan Mary) is a 1930 American pre-Code musical comedy film, starring Ed Wynn and Ginger Rogers. It was by and distributed by Paramount Publix Corporation.




</doc>
<doc id="43593356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593356" title="The Way to Love">
The Way to Love

The Way to Love is a 1933 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Maurice Chevalier and Ann Dvorak. Edward Everett Horton was the principal featured player.

At one stage Carole Lombard was to have co starred against Chevalier.

Filming started 9 January 1933.



</doc>
<doc id="43593384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593384" title="Fifty Roads to Town">
Fifty Roads to Town

Fifty Roads to Town is a 1937 American romantic comedy film. The film is based on a book of the same name by author Frederick Nebel. This is the third novel Nebel wrote 

Two cases of mistaken identity complicate matters when a woman he believes to be a process server comes across a man she believes to be a criminal.

A warrant out on him, Peter Norstrand flees his New York City home and heads north. Hiding out, he is spotted by lodge guest Millicent Kendall, who grips a document when she comes to a room. Peter pulls a gun on her and makes her burn it, unaware that it is actually a marriage license.

Millicent is a missing heiress, planning to elope with her fiancé. Peter forces her to spend the night in his cabin so as not to inform on his whereabouts. When she attempts to escape in the snow, he takes away one of her shoes.

A sheriff and his deputies begin a search for an actual fugitive, Dutch Nelson, and are mistaken for trappers by Peter, who fires a gun to scare them away. The lawmen respond with machine guns and tear gas. Peter reveals to Millicent that the warrant is just to force him to testify in a friend's divorce. As she falls in love with him, the real Dutch turns up.


User reviews by participants on IMDB are generally positive for the film; it currently has a 6.5/10 ranking on the site.


</doc>
<doc id="43593391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43593391" title="The Girl Downstairs">
The Girl Downstairs

The Girl Downstairs is a 1938 American romantic comedy film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Franciska Gaal, Franchot Tone and Walter Connolly. It is a remake of the 1936 Austrian film "Catherine the Last" directed by Henry Koster, which had been a major hit for Gaal.

This was Franciska Gaal's third appearance in American films, and her first for M-G-M. and was her final American film before her return to Hungary in 1940.




</doc>
<doc id="43595957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43595957" title="The Star Maker (1939 film)">
The Star Maker (1939 film)

The Star Maker is a 1939 American musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth, written by Frank Butler, Don Hartman and Arthur Caesar, and starring Bing Crosby, Louise Campbell, Linda Ware, Ned Sparks, Laura Hope Crews, Janet Waldo and Walter Damrosch. Filming started in Hollywood on April 17, 1939 and was finished in June. The film was released on August 25, 1939, by Paramount Pictures, and had its New York premiere on August 30, 1939. It was the only film in which Crosby played a happily married man.

Loosely based on the life of Gus Edwards, the film follows the career of aspiring song writer Larry Earl (Crosby) who gives up his job as a night clerk and marries Mary (Louise Campbell). He is anxious to get his songs published and buys a piano which they can ill afford. He sees children performing in the street and has an idea to develop and produce their talent on stage. Initially he cannot obtain any bookings but Mary persuades an agent to give her husband a chance. The one night try-out is a success and he forms "Larry Earl Kiddie Productions" which in due course has 14 productions running in various towns. Larry Earl opens a Broadway musical called "School Days", the crowning point of his career, but halfway through the first performance it is closed down by the Children's Welfare Society as they will not allow children under 12 years of age to work past 10 p.m. All of Earl's productions have to be closed down too. Earl had developed the career of Jane Gray (Linda Ware) and he transfers her contract to Walter Damrosch and she performs for him at Carnegie Hall. Later Earl realizes that he can still use children on radio and the film closes with him singing with a children's chorus on a radio show.


Bing Crosby recorded a number of the songs for Decca Records. "An Apple for the Teacher" (recorded with Connee Boswell) was a huge hit reaching the No. 2 position in the charts. "Go Fly a Kite" and "A Man and His Dream" also reached the top 10. Crosby's songs were also included in the Bing's Hollywood series.

Frank S. Nugent of "The New York Times" was not impressed. "“The Star Maker,” the new Bing Crosby film at the Paramount, was inspired (to employ a euphemism) by the career of Gus Edwards, a show-minded Pied Piper who used to swing around the old vaudeville circuits followed by precocious little song and dance teams — the girls in sunbonnets, the boys in newsies’ tatters — who grew up, or at least some of them did, to become Walter Winchell, George Jessel, Eddie Cantor and Mervyn LeRoy...There isn’t much more to the picture. Mr. Crosby sings in his usual lullaby manner and hasn’t many good lines to play with. Ned Sparks sneaks away with a comic scene or two as the child-hating press agent who has to tell bedtime stories and spins a grim whopper about the mean old wolf who gobbled up the little kiddies... But it is all, if Mr. Edwards will pardon us, too much like a Gus Edwards revue and far too much of that."
"Variety" was far more positive. "Film is first-class entertainment, a lively combination of the conventional backstage story, which is played for comedy angles, and filmusical technique, that is up to best standards...Audiences will quickly and cheerfully respond to the gayety [sic] which pervades the film. . . . It’s the Gus Edwards repertoire of pop tunes which gives the film zest and the feeling that yesterday is worth remembering. ‘School Days’ is recreated in an elaborate production number, including an interpolation when Crosby, speaking directly from the screen to the film audience, invites and obtains a spirited if somewhat vocally uncertain choral participation."



</doc>
<doc id="43596331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43596331" title="We Are Your Friends (film)">
We Are Your Friends (film)

We Are Your Friends is a 2015 drama film directed by Max Joseph (in his directorial debut) and written by Joseph and Meaghan Oppenheimer, from a story by Richard Silverman. The film stars Zac Efron, Emily Ratajkowski and Wes Bentley, and follows a young Los Angeles DJ trying to make it in the music industry and figure out life with his friends.

The film was released in the United States by Warner Bros. on August 28, 2015. Its financier, StudioCanal, distributed it in France, the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, Australia and New Zealand. The film received mixed reviews and grossed $11 million.

Cole Carter (Zac Efron), a former track star, college dropout, and struggling 23-year-old DJ in the electronic dance music (EDM) scene, dreams of becoming a major record producer. Cole books a gig to DJ at a local nightclub, where he meets the headliner, a once-innovative DJ, James Reed (Wes Bentley). James invites Cole to a party, where Cole hallucinates because a joint they shared contained Phencyclidine (PCP). The morning after, Cole wakes up at James' house where he is introduced to Sophie (Emily Ratajkowski), James' girlfriend and personal assistant, who drives him home.

Later, James calls Cole to DJ at his house party, a paid gig. James sees potential in Cole and takes him as his student. After listening to Cole's original song, James criticizes Cole for imitating other well-known producers, and he suggests using organic sounds for an original vibe. The two co-create a song together using the original vibe technique, along with vocals from Sophie, and it is met with success at the local nightclub. Cole and his friends head to Las Vegas for a music festival, where he meets up with Sophie, who James ditched. Sophie gives Cole MDMA, and they fall for each other.

Cole and his friends move into a house. They throw a house party and in the morning they realize Squirrel has passed away. After the funeral the guys get into an argument.

While taking a run, the battery of Cole's phone goes dead, causing his music to stop playing. He listens to his surroundings and is inspired to record samples and integrate them into his long-awaited track. Cole calls James and tells him that he has something for Summer Fest, a popular music festival. Cole releases his track at the festival and it is met with enthusiastic acclaim from the audience and James.

On June 6, 2014, Efron entered negotiations to star in an untitled film about a DJ, which was set to be directed by Max Joseph. The film is Joseph's debut. On July 31, 2014, Ratajkowski joined the cast of the film, which by then had been given the title "We Are Your Friends", and had a start date of August 18 announced for principal photography. The name came from the 2006 Justice vs. Simian song "We Are Your Friends". Jon Abrahams joined the cast on August 5, Alicia Coppola on August 14, and Wes Bentley on August 18. By that point, Jonny Weston, Shiloh Fernandez, and Alex Shaffer had also signed on to star. In late September, the film cast background actors.

Principal photography began on August 18, 2014, in the San Fernando Valley. Joseph co-wrote the adapted screenplay with Meaghan Oppenheimer, based on a Richard Silverman story. Working Title Films partners Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner co-produced the film, which was financed by StudioCanal. Silverman was an executive producer. StudioCanal is the worldwide distributor. The promotional tour for the film included stops in London, Paris and 6 North American cities (Toronto, Miami, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles and San Francisco).

A critically noted scene in the film involves animation depicting Cole's PCP hallucinations at a swanky LA art gallery. Rotoscoping was used to achieve this effect.

In November 2014, Warner Bros. acquired the film's North American distribution rights. Two weeks later, StudioCanal announced that international distribution had been sold in several markets. On April 28, 2015, Warner Bros. set the film for an August 28, 2015 release. The film was eventually released for home video on November 17, 2015, however, only on DVD in North America. The Blu-ray was only released in region B (UK, Europe, Oceania, Middle East, Africa) on December 17, 2015.

"We Are Your Friends" grossed $3.6 million in North America and $7.5 million in other territories for a total gross of $11.1 million.

It made $1.8 million in its opening weekend, finishing 14th at the box office. Box Office Mojo reports with a 2,333 theater count, the film grossed an average $758 from each venue, making it the fourth worst debut for a film with a 2,000+ theater average. It was surpassed later in the year by "Rock the Kasbah" ($731 average) and "Jem and the Holograms" ($570), both of which opened on October 23, 2015.

"We Are Your Friends" received mixed reviews from critics, although Efron's performance and the soundtrack were praised. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an approval rating of 40% based on 120 reviews, with an average rating of 5/10. The site's consensus reads, ""We Are Your Friends" boasts magnetic stars and glimmers of insight, but they're lost in a clichéd coming-of-age story as programmed as the soundtrack's beats." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 46 out of 100, based on 32 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". According to CinemaScore, audiences gave the film a grade of "C+" on an A+ to F scale.

"The Hollywood Reporter"s Film Critics named Efron's one of their favorite performances of 2015, ranking him second, for his role of Cole Carter, saying, "And while the picture's box-office returns didn't exactly pump up the volume, this 28-year-old Tyrone Power clone increasingly ranks among the most exciting American actors of his generation." Bilge Ebiri of Vulture.com notes that Ratajkowski's role takes a back seat to the love triangle's central Efron/Bentley relationship.

The movie is also the subject of the third season of the podcast "The Worst Idea of All Time" in which two New Zealand comedians watch the same terrible movie every week for a whole year, and discuss it each week.



</doc>
<doc id="43596920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43596920" title="Weekend of Terror">
Weekend of Terror

Weekend of Terror is a 1970 American made-for-television thriller film directed by Jud Taylor and starring Robert Conrad, Carol Lynley, Lois Nettleton and Jane Wyatt. It was aired on December 8, 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space.
A nun returning from a sabbatical is met at a bus station by two of her colleagues. En route to their convent, their car breaks down on a desert road, so they decide to flag down a passing motorist. Meanwhile, two escaped convicts have abducted a local businessman's niece with a scheme to collecting a ransom, only to have the woman die while attempting to flee the abandoned house they are holed up in. 

Larry, the kidnapper under whose watch the victim died, passes the nuns in their disabled Plymouth Belvedere and decides to stop. The nuns mistake him for a helpful motorist and he tows them with his Volkswagen Type II to his hideout (in the opposite direction from Victorville, California, where repair facilities would be accessible). The nuns soon learn their fate and are held hostage in a locked room with boards nailed over the windows.

The kidnappers devise a plan to get the ransom money from the rich uncle (who is unaware his niece is dead) by having one of the nuns pose as the dead girl. Eddie orders accomplice Larry to take Sister Ellen to a wig shop, then to a phone booth where she can call her convent and give false information to explain their not showing up. Larry is something of an unwitting party, not wishing to commit further crimes.

Larry tells the hostages to hide and tells Eddie they have escaped. Eventually the captives are discovered hiding in a closet by Eddie, after which a commotion occurs and he is killed by his own gun. Larry feels forced to take Sister Ellen hostage and attempts to flee by stealing a light aircraft, but before he gets away there is a climactic scene on the runway.



</doc>
<doc id="43597394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43597394" title="Paris Honeymoon">
Paris Honeymoon

Paris Honeymoon is a 1939 American musical film directed by Frank Tuttle and written by Frank Butler and Don Hartman. The film stars Bing Crosby, Franciska Gaal, Akim Tamiroff, Shirley Ross, Edward Everett Horton and Ben Blue. Filming took place in Hollywood from May 23 to July 1938 and the film was released on January 27, 1939 by Paramount Pictures.

Bing Crosby plays the role of Lucky Lawton, a cowboy millionaire, who is about to marry Barbara (Shirley Ross). Unfortunately there has been a delay in finalizing Barbara's divorce from her previous husband and while this is being sorted out in Paris, Lawton is persuaded to visit a Balkan town - Pushtalnick - where he stays in a castle and has various misadventures. The elected Rose Queen - Manya (Franciska Gaal) - takes a liking to Lawton and romantic interludes take place. Lawton returns to Paris for his wedding but is still thinking about Manya and he returns to Pushtalnick in time prevent Manya marrying Peter (Akim Tamiroff). Lawton and Manya then drive off together.


Bosley Crowther writing in "The New York Times" commented: "The Old World charm of Bing Crosby in a ten-gallon hat is the principal Parisian motif in “Paris Honeymoon” (at the Paramount) which marks a return to the ancient Crosby formula of the days before “Sing You Sinners.” There is something almost engaging, however, about the conventional Paramount-Crosby plot, with its irreducible intellectual content and the way everybody concerned just quietly ignores it, as well-bred people always ignore unpleasant necessities... Bing, for instance, never bothers to pretend that he is really a millionaire cowboy, really in love with Shirley Ross, the heiress divorcée... One thing about Bing, you never catch him acting. He is always himself."
"Variety" said: "Bing Crosby, back with a bundle of tuneful melodies, nonchalantly meanders through a light romance of the Prince Charming-peasant Cinderella type, displaying a more convincing personality than heretofore. With a group of known featured names surrounding Crosby, aiding considerably in dishing out the entertainment factors, picture is heading for substantial boxoffice...There’s a greater ease and assurance displayed by Crosby in his handling of the lead spot than previously. He times his lines better, and gives a corking performance throughout. . . Crosby’s four songs are exceptional..."

"I Have Eyes" (Ralph Rainger / Leo Robin) sung by Bing Crosby and Shirley Ross. 
"You're a Sweet Little Headache" (Ralph Rainger / Leo Robin) sung by Bing Crosby.
"The Funny Old Hills" (Ralph Rainger / Leo Robin) sung by Bing Crosby.
"Joobalai" (Ralph Rainger / Leo Robin) sung by Bing Crosby.
"I Ain't Got Nobody" sung by Bing Crosby.
"Bulgarian Rose Song" (Ralph Rainger / Leo Robin) sung by chorus.

Bing Crosby recorded five of the songs for Decca Records. "I Have Eyes", "You're a Sweet Little Headache" and "The Funny Old Hills" all achieved top ten positions in the charts. Crosby's songs were also included in the Bing's Hollywood series.


</doc>
<doc id="43599410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43599410" title="Laugh and Get Rich">
Laugh and Get Rich

Laugh and Get Rich is a 1931 pre-Code American comedy film, directed by Gregory La Cava, from a screenplay he also wrote with contributions from Douglas MacLean, who also was the associate producer, and Ralph Spence. The film stars Dorothy Lee, Edna May Oliver, Hugh Herbert, and Russell Gleason, and revolves around the antics in a boarding house in the early 1930s, run by Oliver, and the complications caused by her husband.

Sarah Austin (Edna May Oliver) runs a boarding house during the Depression, always on the verge of bankruptcy. Her husband, Joe (Hugh Herbert) is a shiftless person who has never understood the concept of work; he is constantly involving them in get-rich-quick schemes. Their daughter, Alice (Dorothy Lee), has her eyes set on poor young inventor, Larry Owens (Russell Gleason), but her mother wishes she would become involved with Bill Hepburn (John Harron), seemingly from a well-connected family.

Sarah's illusions about Bill, however, are dashed when Bill kidnaps Joe, whom he mistakes for Mr. Pennypacker. Shortly after this, Joe takes Sarah's life savings, which she has hidden in a lamp, and invests it in an oil well, conned into it by one of Sarah's boarders, Mr. Phelps (Robert Emmett Keane). When Sarah finds out, she is furious, so Joe goes out and takes a job as a ditch digger. However, much to everyone's surprise, the oil well actually strikes oil. Believing that they are rich, Sarah and Joe go visit Sarah's sister, Cassie Palfrey (Louise Mackintosh), who lives in an estate on Long Island.

While there, the oil well runs dry, and their newfound wealth evaporates. However, all is not lost, as they find out that one of Joe's inventions, a tire valve, has attracted an investor, and they will be making over $50,000 per year off the invention, a veritable fortune in 1931.


"Board and Room" was the working title of the film during production.

Mordaunt Hall of "The New York Times" gave the film a good review, calling it, "...a pleasant little comedy of boarding house life, distinguished by the performance of Edna May Oliver as the head of the establishment."

"Silver Screen" magazine gave it a good, but not great, review, stating the film was "... a nice homey comedy ..." which was "entertaining, but not a laugh riot", and praised Herbert, but were less impressed by Oliver. "Photoplay" was a bit kinder, complimenting both Herbert and Oliver, and saying that the film was "Good for plenty of laughs", and that audience members would be "... agreeably surprised at the newness of the treatment and gags." "Motion Picture Magazine" was the most impressed, not only praising Herbert and Oliver, but also Dorothy Lee, John Harron, and Russell Gleason as well. They called the picture, "... one of the best little comedies to happen along in many a celluloid moon."



</doc>
<doc id="43600786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43600786" title="31 (film)">
31 (film)

31 is a 2016 American horror film written, directed and produced by Rob Zombie, and starring an ensemble cast featuring Sheri Moon Zombie, Jeff Daniel Phillips, Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Meg Foster, Richard Brake, Jane Carr, Judy Geeson, E.G. Daily, and Malcolm McDowell.

A period piece set in 1976, the film is about five carnies who are kidnapped by a gang of clowns called "The Heads" and forced to play a survival game called "31", where they are chased by the clowns through a maze of rooms over 12 hours, the penalty for capture being torture and murder, while bets are placed on their progress.

The film was crowdfunded online twice at fanbacked.com. At a test screening, Zombie compared "31" to his 2005 film "The Devil's Rejects".

During Halloween 1976, a group of carnival workers, Charly, Venus, Panda, Levon and Roscoe gleefully travel through the countryside. Later that night, the group is attacked by people disguised as scarecrows and taken to a strange, large building where three elderly people wearing aristocratic clothes, powdered wigs and make up – known as Sister Dragon, Sister Serpent and their leader, Father Napoleon-Horatio-Silas Murder – tell them that they are going to play the game "31" and that it will last for the next 12 hours. The group is placed in a series of maze-like set of rooms, where they must defend themselves against the "Heads", several murderous clowns who intend to torture and murder them, all the while the group are given odds for their survival and bets are placed on them. 

The protagonists come across five "Heads": Sick-Head, Psycho-Head, Schizo-Head, Death-Head and Sex-Head. The carnies eventually manage to kill their assailants, but not without sustaining their own casualties, with only Charly, Venus and Roscoe left alive. The remaining three try to find a way out, but only manage to get one of their number – Venus – trapped inside a boiler room, where she is brutally murdered by the final Head, Doom-Head, who was brought in by the aristocrats to join the game. Doom-Head taunts Charly and Roscoe, telling them that the doors have been opened to the outside world.

The two manage to make it to one of the exits, however Roscoe urges Charly to go on without him, as the night's event has left him too severely wounded to progress. Roscoe is then stabbed to death by Doom-Head. Charly, who made it outside but found herself in the middle of nowhere, makes her way into an abandoned house where she is ambushed by Doom-Head. He almost defeats her, however Doom-Head is stopped by the aristocrats, who tell him that time has run out and Charly must go free. The aristocrats are concerned that Charly is the first person to win "31". This doesn't satisfy Doom-Head; later he catches up with Charly, who is covered in blood and headed down an isolated road. He alights from a van and takes out his daggers as he and Charly prepare for one last confrontation as the film ends, leaving their fates unknown.

Plans to create "31" were first announced in May 2014 via a teaser poster that showed the words "a Rob Zombie film", a bloody clown face, and the number "31". Fans and media outlets speculated that the film would be a third film in the "House of 1000 Corpses" and "The Devil's Rejects" universe and would follow Sid Haig's character Captain Spaulding, that it could be a film centering upon serial killer John Wayne Gacy, or that it would be a third film in Zombie's rebooted "Halloween" film series. 

Zombie commented on the speculation, stating that it would not follow Captain Spaulding and would be an original story and was not based on any previous work. He also noted that "31" referred to October 31, Halloween. In July, Zombie announced the plot of "31", which follows a group of five people that are forced to participate in a gruesome game called "31". 

Zombie also stated that he would use crowdfunding to cover part of the movie's costs, because "as the years go on, the game changes all the time, and a movie that you could get made years ago, you cannot get made anymore, because the business changes, things change." He added that crowdfunding would allow him to make a movie that might not have been otherwise funded traditionally and that "if you wanna do stuff outside the system, you've gotta function outside the system". Zombie later held a second Fanbacked.com campaign in February 2015 to raise additional funds for the film, stating that it was due to multiple requests from fans that wanted to contribute funding.

Zombie came up with the idea for "31" after reading a statistic that stated that Halloween is the "Number One day of the year when people go missing for some reason" and thought that it would make a good premise for a film. He also received inspiration for the film as he was walking around his frightfest Great American Nightmare and watched the employees work while dressed like chainsaw-carrying clowns. Zombie has stated that he wanted to have a "very nasty, gritty, guerilla-style approach to the filmmaking" for "31", as it "fits the story and the vibe of the movie". Zombie began scouting locations in the summer of 2014 and initial filming was slated to begin in February 2015, but did not commence until that March. Filming for "31" wrapped in April 2015.

"31" premiered at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on January 23, 2016. In March 2016, Saban Films announced that they had acquired distribution rights for "31" and that they would be giving it a limited theatrical release on September 16, 2016.

On September 1, Fathom Events hosted a special premiere of "31" in cinemas across the United States. The event included world premieres of the “Gore Whore” music video, a one-on-one Q&A with Zombie, and a behind-the-scenes look.

"31" was submitted to the Motion Picture Association of America twice and both times received an NC-17 rating. The description as given by the MPAA notes "sadistic graphic violence, bizarre sexuality/nudity, pervasive disturbing images and some strong language." On January 5, 2016, the film was finally granted an "R" rating for "strong bloody horror violence, pervasive language, sexual content and drug use". Zombie later told a fan on Facebook that the “Zombie Cut” would eventually be released on DVD and would include the uncut version. To this date there has not been any uncut version released to the public.

The film holds an approval rating of 47% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 45 reviews and has an average rating of 5.43/10. The site's consensus reads ""31" delivers all the high-energy gore Rob Zombie fans have come to expect, but a lack of fresh ideas and likable characters mean only the already converted need apply". On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score of 35 out of 100 based on 13 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews."

Much of the negative reaction to the film centered around claims that the film was forced and unoriginal, with "Variety" writing that the "energetic exercise in forced badassery will be too silly and self-conscious to feel genuinely edgy, despite all the blood spilt and familiar taboos violated."

The film received praise from Bloody Disgusting, which claimed ""31" is Rob Zombie's "The Running Man" and it works". Trent Wilkie of "Fangoria" gave the film a mixed review saying "It is violent and campy, with the requisite sex, blood, profanity and gore. But ultimately, it feels rushed and leaves one with the sense of an unfinished idea." However, Jerry Smith, also writing for "Fangoria", put it on his year's "Top Ten" list saying ""31" is a mean as hell, take no prisoners exploitation film filled to the absolute brim with mean as all hell clowns, carnies and by far one of the best horror performances of the year."

Shock Till You Drop gave the film approval with a caveat saying "Rob Zombie's "31" succeeds as a throwback to the days of quickie exploitation movies. That's exactly what it is trying to be, and what it is. So, if you want caviar, keep looking. But if you are in the mood for a candy-colored bacon cheeseburger of a flick with extra grease and BBQ sauce, "31" is for you". In a similar vein, Film School Rejects commented that ""31" is Zombie's mildly entertaining take on a stale and simple setup. You already know if it's for you".

"31" was exclusively released on "Shudder" two weeks before being released on DVD. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on December 20, 2016. The home release contained a behind-the-scenes documentary (two-hour version on DVD/Blu, four-hour version on VOD) directed by Josh Hasty.



</doc>
<doc id="43602778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43602778" title="Campus Man">
Campus Man

Campus Man is a 1987 American comedy film directed by Ron Casden and written by Geoffrey Baere and Matt Dorff. The film stars John Dye, Steven Lyon, Kim Delaney, Kathleen Wilhoite, Miles O'Keeffe and Morgan Fairchild. The film was released on April 10, 1987, by Paramount Pictures.

Todd Barrett is an aspiring businessman. He has got what it takes, but what he doesn't have is enough money to stay in college. So, he cooks up a plan to make the first ever all-male sports calendar. He eventually convinces Cactus Jack, a very shadowy and tough loan shark, to give him money to make the deal. Todd makes enough to pay for his education, but what about the money he owes Cactus Jack?

The film grossed $319,218 in its opening weekend. 


</doc>
<doc id="43603230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43603230" title="Hit by Lightning">
Hit by Lightning

Hit By Lightning is a 2014 Canadian-American black comedy film written and directed by Ricky Blitt and produced by Chantal Chamandy, as his directorial debut and her film producer debut. Filmed on locations in Ottawa and Los Angeles, the film stars Jon Cryer, Will Sasso, Stéphanie Szostak, and Jed Rees.

Ricky (Jon Cryer), a lonely, 40-something restaurant manager finally meets his ideal woman, Danita (Stéphanie Szostak) through a dating website. However, one significant problem arises: she's married and wants him to kill her abusive husband (Jed Rees) so that she and Ricky can be together. Ricky is so smitten he agrees to do it with the help of his accountant best friend, Seth (Will Sasso).


When interviewed by CJAD radio of Montreal, Chantal Chamandy spoke toward the production of this film. One year after creation of her production company Chantal Chamandy Entertainment, Chamandy began production on the film "Hit By Lightning". The film was shot over a 17-day period during summer 2013 in a studio in metro Ottawa, locations through the city, as well as locations in Los Angeles. The film was budgeted at C$1 million provided by private funding and through Telefilm Canada, and had no cost overruns. Ricky Blitt had written the script and was invited to Montreal by Chamandy to direct the film as his directorial debut. Jon Cryer was production's first choice for the lead role, and he accepted the role after discussing the script with Blitt. The film is described by Cryer as "sort of a mixture of "Body Heat" meets "The 40-Year-Old Virgin".

Will Sasso was production's first choice for the supporting role of Seth. After he and Cryer had met and discussed it, they clicked and he also came immediately aboard. Casting was completed within six months. To take advantage of Canadian tax credits, most of the project was filmed in Ottawa, and post-production and music scoring was done in Montreal.

The film had its world premiere at the Just For Laughs Festival on July 23, 2014 in Montreal, and is slated for VOD release in both Canada and the United States on October 31, 2014.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 10% of ten surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 3.1/10. Metacritic rated it 31/100 based on eight reviews. Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "a flat, awkward mashup" of romantic comedy and thriller. Ben Kenigsberg of "The New York Times" described it as "a laugh-deprived "Seinfeld" episode". Martin Tsai of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that it "manages to make dark comedy fresh by combining two formulas."


</doc>
<doc id="43603241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43603241" title="Captain Marvel (film)">
Captain Marvel (film)

Captain Marvel is a 2019 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Carol Danvers. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the twenty-first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film is written and directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck, with Geneva Robertson-Dworet also contributing to the screenplay. Brie Larson stars as Danvers, alongside Samuel L. Jackson, Ben Mendelsohn, Djimon Hounsou, Lee Pace, Lashana Lynch, Gemma Chan, Annette Bening, Clark Gregg, and Jude Law. Set in 1995, the story follows Danvers as she becomes Captain Marvel after Earth is caught in the center of a galactic conflict between two alien civilizations. 

Development of the film began as early as May 2013. It was officially announced in October 2014 as Marvel Studios' first female-led superhero film. Nicole Perlman and Meg LeFauve were hired as a writing team the following April after submitting separate takes on the character. The story borrows elements from Roy Thomas's 1971 "Kree–Skrull War" comic book storyline. Larson was announced as Danvers at the 2016 San Diego Comic-Con, with Boden and Fleck hired to direct in April 2017. Robertson-Dworet soon took over scripting duties, with the remainder of the cast added by the start of filming. Location shooting began in January 2018, with principal photography beginning that March in California before concluding in Louisiana in July 2018. Jackson and Gregg—who, among others, reprise their roles from previous MCU films—were digitally de-aged in post-production to reflect the film's 1990s setting.

"Captain Marvel" premiered in London on February 27, 2019, and was theatrically released in the United States on March 8. The film grossed over $1.1 billion worldwide, making it the first female-led superhero film to pass the billion-dollar mark. It ranks as the fifth-highest-grossing film of 2019, and became the ninth-highest-grossing superhero film and 23rd-highest-grossing film overall at the time. The film received praise for the performances of the cast, particularly that of Larson. A sequel is in development, with an expected 2022 release.
In 1995, on the Kree Empire's capital planet of Hala, Starforce member Vers suffers from amnesia and recurring nightmares involving an older woman. Yon-Rogg, her mentor and commander, trains her to control her abilities while the Supreme Intelligence, the artificial intelligence that rules the Kree, urges her to keep her emotions in check. 

During a mission to rescue an undercover operative infiltrating a group of Skrulls, alien shapeshifters with whom the Kree are at war, Vers is captured by Skrull commander Talos. A probe of Vers's memories leads them to Earth. Vers escapes and crash-lands in Los Angeles. Her presence attracts S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Nick Fury and Phil Coulson, whose investigation is interrupted by a Skrull attack. In the ensuing chase, Vers recovers a crystal containing her extracted memories while Fury kills a Skrull impersonating Coulson. Talos, disguised as Fury's boss Keller, orders Fury to work with Vers and keep tabs on her.

Using her extracted memories, Vers and Fury go to the Project Pegasus installation at a U.S. Air Force base. They discover Vers was a pilot presumed to have died in 1989 while testing an experimental light-speed engine designed by Dr. Wendy Lawson, whom Vers recognizes as the woman from her nightmares. After Fury informs S.H.I.E.L.D. of their location, a team led by Talos disguised as Keller arrives. Fury discovers Talos's ruse and helps Vers escape in a cargo jet with Lawson's stowaway cat Goose. They fly to Louisiana to meet former pilot Maria Rambeau, the last person to see Vers and Lawson alive.

Rambeau and her daughter Monica reveal that Vers is Carol Danvers, who was once like family to them. Talos, arriving unarmed, explains that the Skrulls are refugees searching for a new home and that Lawson was Mar-Vell, a renegade Kree scientist helping them. Talos plays a recovered recording from Lawson's jet, prompting Danvers to remember the crash: Lawson was killed by Yon-Rogg to prevent her from destroying the engine before the Kree could recover it. Destroying the engine herself, Danvers absorbed the energy from the ensuing explosion, gaining powers but losing her memory.

Danvers, Talos, Fury, and Rambeau locate Lawson's cloaked laboratory orbiting Earth, where Lawson hid several Skrulls, including Talos's family, and the Tesseract, the power source of Lawson's engine. There, Danvers is captured by Starforce and interfaces with the Supreme Intelligence. During their conversation, Danvers removes the Kree implant that was suppressing her powers, allowing her to reach her full potential. In the subsequent battle, Fury retrieves Goose, who is revealed to be an alien Flerken. Goose swallows the Tesseract and scratches Fury, blinding his left eye. Danvers destroys a Kree bomber, forcing Kree officer Ronan the Accuser and his squadron to retreat, before overpowering Yon-Rogg on Earth and sending him back to Hala with a warning to the Supreme Intelligence.

Danvers departs to help the Skrulls find a new homeworld, leaving Fury a modified pager to contact her in an emergency. Meanwhile, Fury drafts an initiative to locate heroes like Danvers, naming it after her Air Force call sign, "Avenger". In a mid-credits scene, set in 2018, the activated pager is being monitored by the Avengers when Danvers appears. In a post-credits scene, Goose climbs onto Fury's desk and regurgitates the Tesseract.

Additional members of Starforce include Algenis Pérez Soto as Att-Lass, the marksman of the team, and Rune Temte as Bron-Char, the "bigger, stronger guy who fights with his fists". Maria's daughter, Monica Rambeau, is played by Akira and Azari Akbar as an eleven-year-old and a five-year-old, respectively. Sharon Blynn portrays Soren, Talos' wife. Nelson Franklin appears as a medical examiner. Robert Kazinsky appears as a biker nicknamed "The Don". Vik Sahay plays a Torfan, while Chuku Modu portrays the Kree spy Soh-Larr. Colin Ford appears as Danvers' brother, Steve, and Kenneth Mitchell plays their father. Danvers' comic book cat Chewie (named for the "Star Wars" character Chewbacca) appears in the film, renamed Goose for the "Top Gun" (1986) character Nick "Goose" Bradshaw. Its name was changed since "Star Wars" is a contemporary franchise and not specific to Danvers, unlike the pilot-themed "Top Gun". Goose is portrayed by four different cats, each chosen for their actions and personality: Reggie, Archie, Rizzo and Gonzo.

Real life air force pilots Matthew "Spider" Kimmel and Stephen "Cajun" Del Bagno appear as themselves. Del Bagno died months prior to the film's release, and it is dedicated to his memory. "Captain Marvel" comic book writer Kelly Sue DeConnick makes a cameo appearance as a train station passerby, and Stan Lee, co-creator of Captain Marvel, appears posthumously as himself memorizing the lines for his cameo in "Mallrats" (1995). Reprising their MCU roles for the mid-credits scene are Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America, Scarlett Johansson as Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow, Mark Ruffalo as Bruce Banner / Hulk, and Don Cheadle as James Rhodes / War Machine.

By May 2013, Marvel Studios' writing room had produced a script for a film featuring Ms. Marvel, an alias used by the character Carol Danvers before she took the mantle Captain Marvel. Later that year, executive producer Louis D'Esposito said the studio was interested in a female-driven superhero film and had plenty of "strong female characters" from which to choose, suggesting Captain Marvel, Black Widow, Pepper Potts, or Peggy Carter as possible candidates. Kevin Feige, President of Marvel Studios, said that if Marvel was to make a female-led film, he would prefer it to be a new character to the Marvel Cinematic Universe like Captain Marvel, for whom an origin story could be told. In August 2014, Feige stated that development had begun on a Captain Marvel film, and said the public asked about the project more often than "Iron Man 4" or "".

In October 2014, Feige announced "Captain Marvel" would be the studio's first female-led film, and would focus on Carol Danvers. It was given a release date of July 6, 2018, as part of their slate of films. He said the film had been in development almost as long as films like "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and "Doctor Strange" (2016), and one of its biggest challenges would be balancing the character's "earthbound" adventures with her cosmic powers. Feige said that a writer and director for the film would be announced soon, and female filmmakers were being considered for the project, but he could not promise that filmmakers from a certain demographic would be hired for the film.

In February 2015, Marvel pushed the release date back to November 2, 2018, to accommodate "" (2017). In early April, Feige revealed that Captain Marvel had been included in an early draft of the "" (2015) screenplay, but Marvel chose to remove this appearance because they did not want to introduce the character before they were able to explore her backstory and personality first. He also said that Marvel would announce writers for the film within a few weeks, and by mid-April, "Guardians of the Galaxy" co-screenwriter Nicole Perlman and "Inside Out" (2015) co-screenwriter Meg LeFauve were announced to be writing the screenplay. The duo were put together as a writing team after impressing Feige with separate takes on the character, and began work on the film within a month. LeFauve found the character being a female superhero to be both "wonderful" and a challenge, believing that the character's power-level could lead to the "Superman curse" of being perceived to be invulnerable.
By May, Marvel had discussions with Ava DuVernay about directing "Captain Marvel" or "Black Panther" (2018), which Feige confirmed a month later, saying that he had met with DuVernay amongst a number of other directors and expected a decision to be made by mid- to late 2015. That September, Feige said that the casting process would not begin until 2016, as the studio did not want to try cast Carol Danvers until they had decided on the direction for the character in the screenplay, as well as the structure of the film and the character's role in the rest of Marvel's Phase Three films. Producer Jeremy Latcham elaborated that "getting the character right first is going to lead the charge". In October 2015, Marvel changed the release date again, this time moving it to March 8, 2019, due to "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018).

Feige stated in April 2016 that a director would be announced within a few months and that the first cast members would be announced in mid-2016. He also mentioned that the film would be about Carol Danvers becoming Captain Marvel. The next month, indie filmmaker Emily Carmichael's name surfaced as a possible contender to direct the film, and by June, Brie Larson emerged as the frontrunner to play Captain Marvel. Larson's casting was confirmed at the 2016 San Diego Comic-Con. She was set to earn $5 million for the film. Larson was initially hesitant to accept the role, but "couldn't deny the fact that this movie is everything I care about, everything that's progressive and important and meaningful, and a symbol I wished I would've had growing up". She was able to bring to the part "some of those [deep emotional] things" she had used in previous, more "dramatic roles". Larson felt this would differentiate "Captain Marvel" from other superhero films. Also at Comic-Con, Feige said the search for a director had narrowed to ten candidates, and hoped to announce the final choice in the coming months.

Perlman revealed in August that the character's origin story had been changed for the film due to similarities with the DC Comics character Green Lantern, with Feige explaining that the new story is centered on Danvers finding her limitations and vulnerabilities. He added that Danvers is the most powerful character in the MCU, and would become a very important in the franchise. Producer Nate Moore said the film avoids the traditional structure of many MCU origin stories, which he described as a character having a problem before gaining "powers at the end of the first act, and the end of the second act they learn about the powers, the third act they probably fight a villain who has a function of the same powers"; instead, Danvers starts the film having already gained her powers.

In October 2016, Feige admitted that the announcement for a director was taking longer than he previously expected, and explained that the studio was now waiting for more of the film's story to be defined in the script so they could then talk to potential directors about it. Once again talking about hiring a female filmmaker to direct the film, Feige said that he did not think it would be a requirement to make a "great version" of the film, but it was something that Marvel felt was important to consider, even if that female filmmaker does not know a lot about the comics, as "they just have to fall in love with it once they are presented with it. It's amazing to see all of the filmmakers read through [the source material] and know, 'Oh, a female's writing it now, speaking in particular to Kelly Sue DeConnick's run in the comics. Feige expected a director to be announced by the end of 2016; however, Perlman and LeFauve turned in a script treatment around December, pushing additional meetings with director candidates into early 2017.

In February 2017, Perlman stated that despite her and LeFauve being hired almost a year previously, the duo had only recently gotten their "marching orders" for the script, stating one of the reasons for the delay was figuring out where the film would fit within the MCU. Perlman also discussed the character's femininity, feeling that it was important to make sure she is not "somebody who is a hero in spite of her femininity ... being a woman is part of [her] strength". The writers were also considerate of tropes that could be diminishing to a female character but not for male characters, such as things they would not have been concerned writing for Iron Man but did not play the same way for Captain Marvel.

Marvel hired Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck to direct "Captain Marvel" in April 2017, after the duo impressed the studio over numerous meetings with their vision for the character and because of their experience working in both television and film. Feige said that he and Marvel were particularly impressed with Boden and Fleck's ability to create a diverse range of character-driven stories in all of their works. Feige felt the film had to focus on the complexity and relatability of Carol Danvers' character without being bogged down by the villains and the special effects, and thought that Boden and Fleck could provide this character focus. Filming was scheduled to begin in January 2018, at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia, but Feige said he did not expect it to begin until February.

By July 2017, Samuel L. Jackson was set to appear in the film, reprising his role as Nick Fury. Larson, who worked with Jackson on "" (2017), pushed for Fury's presence in the film. At the 2017 San Diego Comic-Con, Feige revealed that the film would take place in the 1990s and that the Skrulls would be the film's villains, allowing elements from the "Kree–Skrull War" (1971) comic book storyline to be used. By setting the film in the 1990s, Feige noted that Danvers would "be the singular hero" while still giving her a definitive placing in the MCU timeline. Executive producer Jonathan Schwartz said setting the film in the 1990s was an idea from early in the development process, and gave the character a special place and significance within the MCU. It also allowed the film to make connections to plot details from past MCU films that are set later in the timeline. Regarding the elements from the "Kree–Skrull War" used for the film, Schwartz said some paranoia elements would be featured but would not be related to the Anti-Superhero Act as in the comics. He added that the Kree-Skrull conflict is would mostly be a "backdrop and mythological underpinning" for the film. In response to the Comic-Con announcements, Graeme McMillan of "The Hollywood Reporter" compared the film to "" (2011) and the DC Extended Universe film "Wonder Woman" (2017), as they were also set decades before present day. By setting the film in the 1990s, McMillan felt it would create the question of "what happened to Captain Marvel to take her off the playing field ahead of the Marvel movies that we've seen to date?".
Also in July, the California Film Commission awarded a $20.7million tax credit to the production, going towards the first $100million spent on qualified in-state expenditures, making California the main filming location for "Captain Marvel". D'Esposito was excited about this, given Marvel Studios' headquarters and post-production facilities are also in the state, allowing them to streamline the production process for this film and others. Awarding of the tax credit was dependent on filming beginning within 180 days. Marvel planned to spend $118.6 million filming in the state, for a net of $97.8 million after the tax credit was applied. Schwartz said one of the reasons Los Angeles was chosen for filming was because "not a lot of big movies shoot in LA anymore, so it weirdly feels like fresh territory for a movie like this".

Geneva Robertson-Dworet was hired by mid-August to take over the scripting duties for "Captain Marvel" after LeFauve left the project to co-direct "Gigantic" for Disney Animation. Perlman also left the project, but stated that the story she and LeFauve had worked on in earlier drafts would be retained in the final screenplay. Robertson-Dworet described the film as an action-comedy, and likened her script to an initial one she wrote for "Tomb Raider" (2018) before that film took a more dramatic tone. She added that it was important to the entire creative team to keep the comedic elements of the film and the sassiness of Danvers' character. Robertson-Dworet also credited Boden for helping to shape Danvers' voice in the film and the desire "to carve our own path and make sure we weren't retreading the same territory [after the release of "Wonder Woman"], and showing all facets of what women are capable of". Feige added that "Captain Marvel" would have action scenes that would pay homage to 1990s action films, including "" (1991), since the 1990s action genre was one Marvel Studios had yet to explore. He also stated much of the film would take place in outer space. "RoboCop" (1987), "The French Connection" (1971), and "The Conversation" (1974) also served as influences on "Captain Marvel" for Boden and Fleck. Speaking specifically to "RoboCop", the directors were drawn to "this idea of a character who's finding himself and finding his past" from that film and how it could connect to the story they were telling in "Captain Marvel". DeConnick and quantum physicist Spyridon Michalakis, of the Institute for Quantum Information and Matter at the California Institute of Technology, consulted on the film.

By October, filming was slated to begin in March 2018. Feige said the film would play a significant role in setting up "" which was scheduled for release after "Captain Marvel". Ben Mendelsohn entered negotiations to join the film as the main villain, having previously worked with Boden and Fleck on their film "Mississippi Grind" (2015). They had him in mind for the "Captain Marvel" villain when they first began working on this film's story, and Mendelsohn agreed to play the role shortly after discussing the film with the directors. By November, Jude Law was in negotiations to join the film, which at the time was reported to be the role of Walter Lawson / Mar-Vell. In January 2018, DeWanda Wise was cast as Maria Rambeau, and Mendelsohn and Law were confirmed to have been cast.

Location shooting occurred at the end of January 2018. Set photos taken at that time showed Larson in a green and black uniform instead of the character's familiar red and blue suit. Feige responded by saying that Marvel accepts the risk of set photos being leaked as a consequence of location shooting, and felt that "most people are savvy enough to know they're looking at a behind-the-scenes photo, completely out of context". He added that a large number of scenes in the film would be shot on location.

A month later, Gemma Chan joined the cast as Minn-Erva. In mid-March, Wise withdrew from the film due to a scheduling conflict with her television series "She's Gotta Have It". Lashana Lynch entered into negotiations to replace Wise the next day, and was confirmed for the role by the end of the month. At that time, Djimon Hounsou, Lee Pace, and Clark Gregg were set to reprise their respective roles of Korath, Ronan the Accuser, and Phil Coulson from earlier MCU films; as those characters were all killed in their previous appearances, Richard Newby of "The Hollywood Reporter" described the film as a unique opportunity to "strengthen the presence of [the characters] who may not have lived up to their potential". Algenis Perez Soto, Rune Temte, and Mckenna Grace were also cast. Marvel revealed that Boden, Fleck, and the writing team of Liz Flahive and Carly Mensch had worked on the screenplay in addition to LeFauve, Perlman, and Robertson-Dworet. Bek Smith, who previously worked in Marvel's screenwriter program, performed uncredited production rewrites.

Principal photography began on March 19 in Los Angeles, at Sony Studios under the working title "Open World". Schwartz stated that "Open World" was chosen as a working title because it likened the film to an open world video game that could go in many directions, which is how the production felt about "Captain Marvel"s story at the time. A 1986 carnival scene was filmed later that week at the Jim Hall Racing Club in Oxnard, California. Filming of "Captain Marvel" in Los Angeles, along with other big-budget films that took advantage of California's improved tax credit program, helped raise on-location feature film production in the area by 11.7% in the first quarter of 2018, compared to the same period in 2017, the first such double-figure increase since the fourth quarter of 2015. Filming at Shaver Lake outside Fresno, California was set to take place in April but was pushed back to mid-May. In late April, Feige stated that almost half of filming was completed. The following month, Annette Bening joined the cast in an undisclosed role. Additional location shooting in and around the Los Angeles area included Simi Valley, Edwards Air Force Base, and Lucerne Valley. In late June, production moved to Baton Rouge, Louisiana and New Orleans for two weeks. A realistic cat puppet was used on set as Larson is allergic to cats. Scenes featuring the interior of the Quadjet were filmed on the set used to depict the interior of Quinjets on the MCU television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." Filming concluded on July 6.

Cinematographer Ben Davis shot primarily on large-format Arri Alexa 65 cameras, liking how the camera rendered the film's costumes. Davis, who previously served as director of photography for "Guardians of the Galaxy", "Avengers: Age of Ultron", and "Doctor Strange" (2016), noted that there was a "point of departure" in the visuals of "Captain Marvel" coming from its 1990s setting. To achieve the 1990s aesthetic, Davis first attempted to utilize post-production techniques to convey a period look, but found that it just softened the image. He then tried using vintage Cooke Panchro and Canon K-35 lenses, but they were not compatible with the large-format of the Arri Alexa camera system. Davis ultimately enlisted Dan Sasaki of Panavision to make new lenses for the period scenes that could work with the cameras. Davis initially intended not to use these lenses for scenes set in space to differentiate them, but found himself using the lenses for some close-ups set in space because he liked the way they looked.

Additional photography was confirmed to have begun via set photos in late November 2018. With the release of the theatrical poster in early December, Marvel revealed that the writing team of Joe Shrapnel and Anna Waterhouse had worked on the film's story, while Jac Schaeffer had contributed to the screenplay. Schaeffer had previously been hired by Marvel to write "Black Widow" (2020). Bening's and Law's roles were officially confirmed in February 2019 as the Supreme Intelligence and Yon-Rogg, respectively.

The film was edited by Elliot Graham and Debbie Berman, marking Berman's third time co-editing an MCU film after "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Black Panther". "Captain Marvel" was edited using Avid Media Composer software in the Avid DNxHD codec on Apple computers. Berman first became involved with the film when she was working on "Homecoming" and Boden and Fleck were hired, and was hired herself for "Captain Marvel" the first week she was working on "Black Panther". In addition to Graham and Berman, the editing team was made up of first assistants Jessica Baclesse and Kimberly Boritz, second assistants Basuki Juwono and Christos Voutsinas, and assistant editor Joe Galdo, among others. Berman spoke fondly of this large team, feeling that they gave her the opportunity to focus on the film's story rather than the technical aspects of editing.
Visual effects for the film were created by Animal Logic, Cantina Creative, Digital Domain, Framestore, Industrial Light & Magic (ILM), Lola VFX, Luma Pictures, Rise, Rising Sun Pictures, Scanline VFX, Trixter, and Elastic, with Lola VFX working on the de-aging of Jackson and Gregg. Lola looked at several of Jackson's films, including "Pulp Fiction" (1994), "Die Hard with a Vengeance" (1995), "Jurassic Park" (1993), "Loaded Weapon 1" (1993), and "One Eight Seven" (1997), as a reference for his de-aging. However, some of these films were disqualified due to circumstances around the character Jackson was playing; "Pulp Fiction" because of the character's wig and facial hair, and "Jurassic Park" because the character was made to appear older in that film. Lola VFX supervisor Trent Claus said the final look was based partly on "Die Hard" and "Loaded Weapon 1", but mostly on "One Eight Seven" which he described as the "hero movie". Jackson was de-aged approximately 25 years from the age of 70 at the time of filming to 45 for the 1995 setting. To do this, both Jackson and Gregg had tracking dots applied to their face during filming for which the VFX team could anchor the "hand-crafted" facial features that were composited primarily in Autodesk Flame. Lola's team included 40 primary compositors with another 15–20 junior compositors, and created approximately 500 different VFX shots, of which 385 made it in the final cut of film. This was the first time Lola de-aged an actor without using a body double, as it would take too long to re-film all of Fury's scenes with the double.

Trixster did initial development on the look of Danver's Binary powers, and contributed the majority of visual effects for Goose the Cat, including movements that were impossible for real-life cats to act. ILM handled Goose's alien features, as well as much of the final battle in which they used Trixter's work on the Binary powers as well as inspiration from comic books and video games. ILM also did some work on the Supreme Intelligence's virtual environment, alongside Animal Logic, who took inspiration from the interior of the Louvre Abu Dhabi and the work they did with fractals for "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017). These scenes were filmed in a white room without green or blue screen, so Animal Logic had to rotoscope the actors out of the footage and place them in the digital environment. To maintain the quality of the actors' hair during this process, Animal Logic created digital hair for Larson and Bening. Luma Pictures was primarily responsible for the train chase sequence, nicknamed the "French Connection" scene after the 1971 film of the same name. They had to make the footage look like it was continuing along a single train line since the sequence was filmed in multiple locations around Los Angeles. Digital Domain worked on the Skrull transformation sequences, Rise created the exterior environment of Hala, and Framstore handled the battle sequence on Torfa. Rising Sun handled all of the Kree forearm holograms, the interior of the Project Pegasus hangar, and the exterior of the Quadjet. Scanline worked on effects for the aerial chases and the accident scene where Danvers gains her powers. Elastic created the end titles, and The Third Floor, Inc. provided previsualization and postvisualization work.

The film's mid-credits scene shows Captain Marvel meeting the Avengers, and was directed by Anthony and Joe Russo. Boden described it as a lead-in to the Russo's "Avengers: Endgame". For "Captain Marvel", Marvel Studios modified their production logo to honor Stan Lee, who died on November 12, 2018, by replacing the characters in the logo with Lee's MCU cameos. The logo is followed by a black screen reading "Thank You Stan". Feige said this was done because the film is Marvel's first since Lee died, and they wanted to start the film by acknowledging him with a celebration of his legacy rather than add a somber memorial to the end of the film.

Pinar Toprak signed on to compose the film's score in June 2018, making her the first woman to score an MCU film. Toprak began by creating the title character's theme, before developing themes for the Kree and the Skrulls, whom she tried to connect in order to "find the universe" for the film's scenes in space and Earth. Toprak wanted Captain Marvel's theme to be recognizable from its first two notes. In addition to Toprak's score, the film's soundtrack includes Alan Silvestri's theme from "The Avengers" (2012); Michael Giacchino's Marvel Studios Fanfare, which is played over the Marvel Studios logo and referenced during Stan Lee's cameo appearance; and songs from the 1990s.

In April 2019, Mark Salcido of the website "Screen Geek" alleged that Marvel and the film's directors had been unhappy with Toprak's work on the film even after she had responded to "ample" notes, and had replaced her as composer for the film with Giacchino. Giacchino responded to this report by confirming he was involved in the film, revealing that he had been asked to give feedback on Toprak's work while he was working with Marvel on the score for "" (2019). He thought Toprak had written a "beautiful theme and an inspiring score" for the film, and had helped her work on "a few cues" which he said was him supporting her as a fellow member of the Marvel "family". Giacchino made it clear that he "did not write the score to "Captain Marvel" ... bottom line is [Toprak] is a fabulous composer and certainly doesn't need me".

In 2017, concept art from the film was shown at San Diego Comic-Con, and a first look at Larson as Danvers was revealed at CineEurope. Larson debuted the first trailer for the film that September at the National Air and Space Museum on "Good Morning America". Petrana Radulovic of "Polygon" felt the trailer showed "large-scale action and intergalactic mayhem that reaches for "Infinity War"s heights", while Ben Kuchera, also of "Polygon", approved of opening the trailer with Blockbuster Video since its logo is identifiable to the audience. Kuchera also compared the "sun-drenched" Airforce pilot sequences to "Top Gun". Devan Coogan of "Entertainment Weekly" called the trailer "a powerful introduction to the MCU's first solo female hero". Graeme McMillian of "The Hollywood Reporter" felt the prominent narration by Nick Fury "grounds the trailer in something—some—familiar for the Marvel faithful", but said the changes to the character's origin story were "a risky proposition" to long-time fans of the character. Richard Newby, also of "The Hollywood Reporter", noted that the character's unfamiliarity to audiences was not presented as a joke in the trailer as with Marvel's "Guardians of the Galaxy" and "Ant-Man" (2015), and commended Davis for its more grounded look than previous MCU films. The trailer did receive some criticism, including that the plot presented was unclear, confusion as to why Danvers punches an elderly woman, and objections to Danvers not smiling much. The trailer was viewed 109 million times in its first 24 hours, becoming the 11th most viewed trailer in that time period.

The second trailer debuted on December 3, 2018, during halftime of the "Monday Night Football" game between the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles. McMillian felt the trailer too overtly responded to online criticisms of the first, including clarification that "the elderly lady Carol punches was a Skrull", more shots of her smiling, and "additional emphasis on both explaining the plot and establishing Carol Danvers as a character". McMillian compared the contents and structure of the two "Captain Marvel" trailers to those for "Thor" (2011) and "Captain America: The First Avenger". Newby felt the second trailer "offers increased action and a more in-depth look at the mythology surrounding" Captain Marvel, but criticized it for not helping to introduce the film's supporting characters. He compared the trailer to a superhero version of John Carpenter's "Starman" (1984), explaining, "Explosions, space battles, and superpowers may bring in the crowds, but it's moments [of] humanity and introspection that will allow "Captain Marvel" to leave her mark and encourage audiences to care about the mystery surrounding who she is." On December 8, Larson participated in a panel at CCXP in Brazil, where she shared footage and an extended trailer from the film and presented an exclusive poster for the event. By January 3, 2019, "BoxOffice" revealed their "Trailer Impact" metric service indicated approximately 66–70% of people surveyed who viewed the "Captain Marvel" trailer in the past two weeks expressed interest in seeing the film. In the two weeks it was measured by "Trailer Impact", it was number two for both, behind "Avengers: Endgame", and had some of the highest percentage of respondents express interest in seeing the film ever for the service. "Trailer Impact" usually includes films 10 weeks out from release, but "BoxOffice" decided to add "Captain Marvel" to the survey 12 weeks out.

In January 2019, the crowdfunding platform GoFundMe announced the #CaptainMarvelChallenge, a campaign to purchase tickets and refreshments for girls and chaperones at the Greater Los Angeles chapter of Girls, Inc. The campaign, inspired by the success of the #BlackPantherChallenge which raised more than $50,000 for children to watch "Black Panther", came after Brie Larson suggested on Twitter that there should be a similar campaign for "Captain Marvel". For the film's press tour, Larson noted she would be "pushing for representation across the board: my interviews, magazine covers, the clothes that I'm wearing" as part of her support for inclusiveness and opposition to sexual harassment in Hollywood. In February, a commercial for the film aired during the television broadcast of Super Bowl LIII. Bruce Fretts of "The New York Times" listed the commercial as one of the best advertisements to air during the telecast, stating, "The commercial introduces a new catchphrase—'higher, further, faster'—and lives up to it with a lightning-quick montage that sets pulses racing." CBS charged $5.25 million for each 30-second advertisement that aired during the game. Also in February, Alaska Airlines unveiled a "Captain Marvel"-themed Boeing 737-800 jet, featuring the film's logo on the side and images of Goose the Cat on its wings. The plane debuted at the Seattle–Tacoma International Airport before its first flight to Orange County, California. At the end of the month, an hour-long video of Goose was livestreamed on Marvel's YouTube channel.

"Captain Marvel" premiered in London on February 27, 2019, and in Hollywood on March 4. The Hollywood premiere included a flyover by the United States Air Force Thunderbirds in honor of Thunderbirds pilot Major Stephen Del Bagno, who consulted with Larson on the film before dying in a training accident in April 2018. The film was released in IMAX and 3D, in the United States on March 8, coinciding with International Women's Day. It was originally scheduled for release on July 6, 2018, but in February 2015 it was moved to November 2, 2018 to make room for "" (2017), and in October 2015 it was pushed to its final March 2019 date for "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018). The film's release in Pakistan was delayed for four weeks. At the time, Disney's South Asia division, which is headquartered in India, had not given Pakistan the rights to distribute it. Commentators online speculated that this was due to ongoing Indo-Pakistani tensions, but Disney South Asia head Nadeem Mandviwalla called this statement "baseless".

"Captain Marvel" was the first Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures-distributed film not to stream on Netflix, after Disney decided to let their licensing deal with Netflix expire, and became the first theatrical Disney release to stream exclusively on Disney+, which launched on November 12, 2019. It was released on digital download by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment on May 28, 2019, and on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD on June 11. The digital and Blu-ray releases include behind-the-scenes featurettes, deleted scenes, and gag reels. "Captain Marvel" has made over $64.2 million from video sales in the United States.

"Captain Marvel" grossed in the United States and Canada, and in other territories, for a worldwide total of . It had a worldwide opening of $456.7 million, the sixth-biggest of all time. "Deadline Hollywood" estimated the film had a total production and advertising cost of $300 million, and predicted that it would surpass its break-even point by reaching $750 million within its first week. It is the fifth-highest-grossing film of 2019. On April 2, 2019, the film crossed the $1 billion mark worldwide, becoming the first female-led superhero movie to do so, as well as the seventh Marvel title, the 19th Disney film, and 38th film overall.

The film's first 24 hours of advance ticket sales, which began on January 7, 2019, ranked third on Fandango for an MCU film, behind "Avengers: Infinity War" and "Black Panther", and second on Atom Tickets, behind "Infinity War". According to Fandango, "Captain Marvel" had the third largest advanced ticket sales of any MCU film, behind "Infinity War" and "Black Panther", and surpassed "Wonder Woman" and "Aquaman" (2018) during the same time period. The film made $61.4 million on its first day, including $20.7 million from Thursday night previews, which was the fifth-highest total for a Marvel film and second-highest for a March release behind "" (2016). It made $153.4 million in over its opening weekend, the third-best March opening and seventh-highest of the MCU. The film remained in first during it second weekend with $69.3 million, the second-highest sophomore weekend in March behind "Beauty and the Beast" (2017). The film grossed $35.2 million in its third weekend, dropping to second behind "Us". In the following weeks it dropped to third, fifth, sixth, and fourth, before rising to second again in its eighth weekend with the release of "Avengers: Endgame".

On its first day of international release, the film made $5.9 million from South Korea and $1.7 million in France, as well as $2.51 million from Thursday night previews in China, the fourth-best for an MCU film in the country. Through its first two days of release in foreign territories the film made $44 million, including $9.1 million in South Korea, $3 million in Brazil, $2.9 million in France and $2.5 million in Australia. It also grossed $34 million on its first day in China, the third-best superhero opening day ever in the country. The film went on to have a foreign opening weekend of $302.4 million, the fifth-best of all time. Its largest markets were China ($89.3 million), South Korea ($24.1 million), the UK ($16.8 million), Brazil ($13.4 million, the second-best opening of any film in the country's history) and Mexico ($12.8 million, fifth-best ever). Through its first 12 days of release, the film's highest-grossing foreign countries were China ($135.7 million), South Korea ($37.5 million), the United Kingdom ($32.9 million), Brazil ($26.1 million) and Mexico ($25.7 million). By April 2, the film's largest foreign markets were China ($152.3 million), South Korea ($43.7 million), the UK ($43.3 million), Brazil ($34.5 million) and Mexico ($31.8 million).

The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 78% with an average score of 6.8/10, based on 498 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads, "Packed with action, humor, and visual thrills, "Captain Marvel" introduces the MCU's latest hero with an origin story that makes effective use of the franchise's signature formula." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 64 out of 100 based on 56 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". According to "The New York Times", the film's overall reception was "fairly positive", but it wasn't as well-received as other films in the MCU. The "Hindustan Times", collating multiple reviews of the film, noted praise for Brie Larson's performance but also criticism for the film's "convoluted plot and lack of originality".
Kenneth Turan, writing for the "Los Angeles Times", lauded Larson's performance and the direction of Boden and Fleck, saying, "Marvel has come to recognize, as this film proves, that even effects-heavy behemoths can benefit from a directing touch that is human, not programmatic, that understands character and nuance and can create scenes with an emotional heft we might not expect." A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" said the film was "not too long, not too self-important, and benefits from the craft and talent of a cast that includes Annette Bening, Jude Law, and Ben Mendelsohn". Writing for "Variety", Owen Gleiberman also praised the film's direction. He said that Boden and Fleck had not been able to retain their signature style of "low-key American neorealis[m]", but was still positive about how the were able to create a film with "enough tricks and moods and sleight-of-hand layers to keep us honestly absorbed" within the house style of the MCU. Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, and said it was a "real treat" to follow the origin stories of both Carol Danvers and Nick Fury. "Rolling Stone"s Peter Travers gave it four stars and praised Larson's performance for bringing "layers of feeling to a role that a lesser actress might have let slide by on pyrotechnics. You see how she lays the foundation for a character who defies male objectification and becomes akin to what Joni Mitchell called 'a woman of heart and mind. Anthony Lane of "The New Yorker" stated, "Superhero cinema has lectured us, ad infinitum, on the responsibility that is conferred by extraordinary gifts. Praise be to Larson, for reminding us that they can be bringers of fun."

Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" described the film as "mundane, marked by unimaginative plotting, cut-rate villains, a bland visual style and a lack of elan in every department". David Ehrlich at "IndieWire" gave the film a 'C–' grade and called it "neither a blast from the past, nor an inspiring glimpse into the future ... it's just another Marvel movie. And not a particularly good one". Ehrlich praised Mendelsohn saying he gave the best performance in the film. Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" said Danvers "is a candidate for genuine heroism" but found a "fundamental dissonance between the depth of her plight and the shallow disorganization of the script". "The A.V. Club"s Ignatiy Vishnevetsky was disappointed by the film, finding it to be "everything you might expect a sci-fi superhero movie to be, if you hadn't seen one in a long time". Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" compared the film to a political commercial that "packs a worthy message [but] hardly counts as an aesthetic experience. The message of the film is conveyed less through the story than through its casting."

In late December 2018, the film was named as the most anticipated 2019 film by IMDb, the most anticipated new standalone comic book film and the second-most anticipated blockbuster of 2019 according to the ticketing service Fandango, and the second-most anticipated superhero and overall film by Atom Tickets.

Ahead of the film's release, "Captain Marvel"s "Want to See" score—an audience anticipation poll on Rotten Tomatoes—had fallen to 28%. Reports described the decline as an effort by some to review bomb the film's page with negative comments attacking the film and Larson for their perceived feminism. Rotten Tomatoes changed the "Want to See" feature shortly after, showing only the number of people indicating interest in the film instead of a percentage. The announcement said this was part of a larger redesign of the site, and that the "Want to See" feature would be restored once the film was released. By 8:00 A.M. on opening day in the United States, the film held a 33% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes from more than 58,000 reviews, which was more audience reviews than "Avengers: Infinity War" had during its entire theatrical run. Analysts attributed the low score and sheer number of reviews to online trolling. Rotten Tomatoes later said a bug was responsible for the high count of reviews, and by 1:00 P.M. the number of counted ratings was down to 7,000 with an audience score of 35%. , the audience score was at 53% based on just over 92,800 ratings.

Audiences of the film polled by CinemaScore gave it an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it an 84% overall positive score and a 73% "definite recommend". Unlike "Wonder Woman", which was watched by more women than men, "Captain Marvel"s initial audience was 61% male according to PostTrak. Discussing these statistics, "Deadline Hollywood"s Anthony D'Alessandro praised CinemaScore and PostTrak for taking scientific polls that actually identified how the audience was feeling about the film, and criticized the Rotten Tomatoes audience score as an "ancient 1990s means of collecting opinions online" that is influenced by "ugly Internet troll noise".

In February 2019, Larson expressed interest in including the character Kamala Khan / Ms. Marvel in a sequel; Feige previously said he had plans to introduce Khan to the MCU following the release of "Captain Marvel". The following month, Feige said he had "pretty amazing" ideas for a "Captain Marvel" sequel. Feige added that a possible sequel could explore the time gap between the end of this film and Danvers' next appearance in "". Lashana Lynch expressed interest in reprising her role as Maria Rambeau in such a sequel. Feige confirmed the film is in development at the 2019 San Diego Comic-Con. In January 2020, Megan McDonnell was in final negotiations to write the script for the film. Fleck and Boden were not expected to return to direct the film, with the studio searching instead for a female director. The sequel would take place in the present day, and is expected to release in 2022.



</doc>
<doc id="43603641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43603641" title="Batteries Not Included">
Batteries Not Included

Batteries Not Included (stylized as *batteries not included) is a 1987 American comic science fiction film directed by Matthew Robbins about small extraterrestrial living spaceships that save an apartment block under threat from property development. The story was originally intended to be featured in the television series "Amazing Stories", but executive producer Steven Spielberg liked the idea so much that he decided to adapt it into a film. It was the feature film screenwriting debut of Brad Bird.

Frank and Faye Riley, an elderly couple who manage an apartment building and café in the East Village, come under threat by a nearby property development. The development manager, Lacey, sends a hoodlum named Carlos and his gang of thugs to bribe the couple and their tenants to move out. When the tenants resist, Carlos and his thugs punch through artist Mason Baylor's door, intimidate pregnant single mother Marisa Esteval, and break retired boxer Harry Noble's jar of tiles. After Frank Riley refuses to move, Carlos vandalizes the café.

This assault convinces three of the tenants to move out. Mason's girlfriend, Pamela is tired of living in an old, depressing building with a guy whose art career is going nowhere. She dumps Mason, packs up and before leaving, advises Mason to quit being an artist and get a steady job. The Rileys' friends, Muriel and Sid Hogensin take Lacey's bribe and decide to move to a retirement home in New Jersey. Frank feels a little betrayed by the Hogensins for taking Lacey's money but they explain that the building doesn't feel like home anymore. They advise Frank that maybe he and Faye should come live with them at the retirement home. With the assault and Faye's dementia growing, Frank contemplates giving in.

Things look bleak until the appearance of a pair of small living space ships into the Rileys' apartment that evening, repairing many of the items that were broken. They also repair the vandalized cafe, putting Frank and Faye back in business. The two aliens take up residence in the shed at the top of the apartment building, and are dubbed "The Fix-Its" by the residents. Carlos comes back to threaten the tenants once again, but the Fix-Its lure him to the top of the building and into the shed where they scare him away.

Faye and Marisa learn that the "female" Fix-It is pregnant. After consuming plenty of metal and electrical objects, it gives birth to three baby Fix-Its, although one of them is stillborn. Faye buries the stillborn in a flowerbox the next day, but then Harry digs it up, takes it back to his apartment, and succeeds in reviving it by taking apart his precious television set. Frank and Faye see a boost of business in the café from the demolition crew, while the Fix-Its help in the kitchen.

Mason and Marisa grow closer. Marisa finds Mason's paintings very nice, which makes Mason feel better about his art and not to give up on it. Marisa's baby is due in 2 to 3 months. Her boyfriend, Hector, who is a musician and the father of her baby, comes over. Mason leaves Marisa and Hector alone, but when Mason returns, Hector is gone. Marisa explains that Hector and his band have found a steady gig in Chicago with good pay. Mason wonders why Hector would leave without her. Marisa confesses that she told Hector to go without her because their relationship just wasn't working out. But it also appears she has developed feelings for Mason. Mason has developed feelings for her as well.

With Carlos unable to prove the existence of the Fix-Its that had been foiling their plans, Lacey is furious with the delays in evicting the tenants and moves to replace him. Desperate to see the job done and growing more unstable, Carlos breaks into the building's basement to sabotage the building's pipework and electricity, and badly damages the "father" machine in the process. After Harry throws him out, the tenants discover the Fix-It children are missing and go searching for them in the city while Faye stays behind with the "mother" machine as it fixes the "father". When the "father" machine is repaired, the now-wary Fix-It parents leave to seek out their offspring. After finding them with Harry, the machine family departs from the planet.

Tired of the delays, Lacey hires an arsonist. The arsonist attempts to burn down the building in a staged "accidental fire". Carlos discovers the plan and in a rage sabotages the arson to make the entire building explode, only to then discover that Faye is still in the building. While the arsonist flees, Carlos unsuccessfully attempts to pose as her late son Bobby to get her to leave, but succeeds in rescuing her as the fire spreads. The tenants then return to find the blazing apartment block collapsing, and Faye being loaded into an ambulance.

By the next morning, the apartment block has been reduced to a smoldering wreck. To Kovacs' fury the construction crew, out of respect for Harry, refuse to continue as he is sitting dejected on the steps. Harry is greeted by the mechanical family later that night, who have recruited countless other Fix-Its for repairs. By the next morning, the entire building has been seamlessly restored to brand new condition, ending Lacey's demolition plans and resulting in him terminating Kovacs. Mason and Marisa settle into a relationship, while Carlos tries to start a friendship with the Rileys, with Faye finally having come to accept her real son's passing. Some years later, the developments have been built, but this time flanking either side of the tiny apartment building, with Frank's café now doing a roaring trade as a result of the new employment brought into the area.

Principal photography started in New York in August 1986, but location scouting began almost a year before. "Since the story called for a solitary building amidst rubble," explained producer Ronald Schwary, "we had to find a vacant lot with burned-out buildings all around it. We finally settled on an actual building on 8th Street between Avenues C and D on New York's Lower East Side (the building no longer stands, and was probably located on the site of the current Housing Bureau substation, or the building to the east, approx ).

The movie gained a mostly mixed reception but debuted at #4 at the box office. It has a rating of 60% at Rotten Tomatoes.




</doc>
<doc id="43604403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43604403" title="Man, Woman and Child (film)">
Man, Woman and Child (film)

Man, Woman and Child is a 1983 American drama film directed by Dick Richards and written by Erich Segal and David Zelag Goodman. It is based on Erich Segal's book of the same name. The film stars Martin Sheen, Blythe Danner, Craig T. Nelson, David Hemmings, Nathalie Nell and Maureen Anderman. The film was released on April 1, 1983, by Paramount Pictures.

Martin Sheen is Robert, the man - a sensitive, intelligent family man who, in one brief and innocent affair long past, fathered a child whose sudden appearance threatens his happy life. Blythe Danner is Sheila, the woman - a strong loving wife and mother whose deep love and commitment are stretched to the breaking point by the unexpected arrival of her husband's illegitimate son. Crafted in the tender tradition of "Love Story," what follows is an evocative, emotionally-charged movie about a typical American family whose deep love is shaken, tested and ultimately reaffirmed.


The film opened to number 13 in its first weekend, with $802,702.



</doc>
<doc id="43604972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43604972" title="Ironclad: Battle for Blood">
Ironclad: Battle for Blood

Ironclad: Battle for Blood is a 2014 epic war film directed by Jonathan English. It is the sequel to his 2011 film "Ironclad".

Five years after the events of "Ironclad", the de Vesci family struggles with Scot raiders along the English-Scottish border. A blood feud begins after the Scot chieftain's son is killed in one of these raids. The wounded de Vesci patriarch, Gilbert, sends his son Hubert to seek help from his nephew, a "great warrior" named Guy de Lusignan.

This Guy is revealed to be none other than Baron d'Aubigny's idealistic squire from "Ironclad". Unable to find peace after the events at Rochester, he has grown into a cynical, hard-bitten fighting man who makes a living in mercenary work and underground bloodsports. Shrugging off Hubert’s appeal to family, he demands payment for his services and those of his partner Berenger, forcing Hubert to hand over the last of the de Vesci fortune. To bolster their numbers, Guy saves a condemned murderer called Crazy Mary with a bribe, but end up getting "two for the price of one" when authorities come after the headsman, Pierrepoint, for selling prisoners.

Hubert leads the four mercenaries back to the besieged de Vesci castle, and they help the garrison beat back the Scot attacks. Guy's reunion with his relations proves awkward. His beautiful, spoiled cousin Blanche spurns him at first, especially after learning that he came for money instead of family, but begins to warm to him after he saves her from Scot infiltrators. Mary seduces Hubert and they start a secret relationship. 

Casualties mount as the siege drags on. Gilbert de Vesci dies of his wound, passing his lordship on to Hubert. His wife Joan later takes poison to join him, believing the battle lost. Pierrepoint is murdered by Mary, who held a grudge against her would-be executioner. At last, the Scots resort to fire, burning down the castle gates and storming the keep. Berenger, caught outside, nearly wins a duel with the Scot chieftain before the raiders interrupt and kill him. Hubert entrusts his sisters to Guy before making a last stand with Mary as lord of the castle.

The Scots overpower Hubert and Mary, executing the latter by hanging. To spare Hubert the same fate, Guy recalls his honor and heritage and challenges the Scot chieftain to single combat. He emerges victorious with unexpected help from Blanche. With their leader dead, the clan renounces the blood feud and returns to the hills. An epilogue narrated by Hubert reveals that despite his apparent change of heart at the siege’s end, Guy stayed on the mercenary path, and went on to ply his trade in the Hundred Years' War in France.


The film is based on an entirely new story, with only scattered callbacks to its predecessor.

The rebellion and the fight against King John at Rochester are referenced, as are some characters. Archbishop Langton (Charles Dance), who is mentioned by name, helped Guy settle in a monastery to find peace after the great siege. Guy also recalls the words of Thomas Marshall (James Purefoy) in an exchange about the nobility of killing.

There is also a parallel between the characters of Jedediah Coteral (Jamie Foreman) and Pierrepoint, in the form of purchasing prisoners to serve as mercenaries. In particular, Baron d’Aubigny’s (Brian Cox) question to Coteral before freeing him, “Are you sorry for your sins?”, is repeated by Pierrepoint to his victims.

The epilogue states that Guy fought in the Hundred Years’ War. This is impossible as that war began in 1337, and the film is set five years after the Siege of Rochester Castle which took place in 1215.

Guy Lodge of "Variety" wrote that English "rehashes most of his technical devices from the first film" and noted that the "production and costume design on the Serbian-shot production are economically restrained," though "Andreas Weidinger’s kitschily choral score is anything but."


</doc>
<doc id="43609838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43609838" title="Roger Waters: The Wall">
Roger Waters: The Wall

Roger Waters: The Wall is a British concert film by Roger Waters. Directed by Waters and Sean Evans, it captures performances of Waters' live tour. It premiered in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. At the premiere, directors Roger Waters and Sean Evans were in attendance and received praise from those in the audience that night. The concert design and execution draws heavily from the original concert of the same name that followed the release of the 1979 album, "The Wall".

In addition to the 90 minutes of music, the film also contains interspersed documentary/interview footage taken from a road trip in Europe. The audio is presented in 7.1.4-channel Dolby Atmos.



</doc>
<doc id="43609980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43609980" title="Last of the Comanches">
Last of the Comanches

Last of the Comanches (released in the UK as The Sabre and the Arrow) is a 1953 American Technicolor Western film directed by Andre DeToth, starring Broderick Crawford, Barbara Hale, Johnny Stewart and Lloyd Bridges. The film is a remake of the 1943 World War II film "Sahara", starring Humphrey Bogart. Lloyd Bridges appeared in both films.

Sgt. Matt Trainor (Broderick Crawford) leads the survivors of a massacred cavalry troop from the ruins of the destroyed frontier town of Dry Buttes, along with a ragtag group of stagecoach passengers, in a fight for survival against fierce Comanches led by Black Cloud (John War Eagle) at a desert ruin.





</doc>
<doc id="43610281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43610281" title="Wild Heritage">
Wild Heritage

Wild Heritage is a 1958 American CinemaScope Eastmancolor Western film directed by Charles F. Haas and starring Will Rogers, Jr., Maureen O'Sullivan and Rod McKuen.

Emma Breslin (O'Sullivan) and her family cross the plains in a covered wagon. They make the fateful decision to pause in a lawless western town where Emma's husband, Jake (Paul Birch), is shot by rustlers Arn (John Beradino) and Jud. But folksy Judge Copeland (Rogers) persuades them to go on. At Break Wagon Hill, their wagon does just that and they decide to homestead on the spot.

The movie follows the trials and joys of Emma and her family, as well as those of their neighbors, the Bascombs (Donahue and Jeanette Nolan). Finally, violence reappears when Arn and Jud show up on their homestead, leading to a showdown with the Breslin Boys (McKuen, Gary Gray and George Winslow).





</doc>
<doc id="43610814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43610814" title="My Blood Runs Cold">
My Blood Runs Cold

My Blood Runs Cold is a 1965 American thriller film starring Troy Donahue with Joey Heatherton as his love interest. It was directed by William Conrad. It was the second of three thrillers Conrad made for Warner Bros. A young woman falls in love with a man who may be insane.

After a car accident, Julie meets a stranger who tells her he is in love with her. The young man, Ben Gunther, believes he and the young woman, Julie Merriday, are the reincarnations of lovers from an earlier time. Ben calls Julie 'Barbara' and gives her a gold locket with her picture in it. Ben takes her sailing and they swim to a cave where he tells her he found the locket. Aunt Sarah confirms Ben's stories that match the family history. Julie's controlling father and boyfriend distrust Ben. He convinces Julie of his beliefs and encourages her to run off with him to marry. Julie's need for independence leads her to say yes to Ben.

On a stormy night the couple sail away to elope. The father calls the Sheriff who discovers Ben's real name is Arthur Maine, an escaped murderer from an insane asylum. The police search for the sailboat by helicopter. Julie finds a diary of Benjamin H. Gunther dated 1874 on the boat that exposes Ben's fraud. Julie is scared but he still professes his love. 

To escape the police, the couple land the boat but are seen running on a beach. There is an extended chase and boyfriend Harry tries to reason with 'Ben'. Julie escapes but the two men climb a high sand plant platform and in the struggle Ben falls to his death.

The movie was a considerable change of pace for Donahue. It was shot on the Monterey Peninsula in late 1964.

The film was profitable.

"The Washington Post" called the film "woolly" and full of plotholes. The "New York Times" called it a "wordy, bloodless little Warner chiller." "A blah Troy Donahue and a bad script spoil the show" said the "Los Angeles Times".




</doc>
<doc id="43611202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43611202" title="Virunga (film)">
Virunga (film)

Virunga is a 2014 British documentary film directed by Orlando von Einsiedel. It focuses on the conservation work of park rangers within the Congo's Virunga National Park during the rise of the violent M23 Rebellion in 2012 and investigates the activity of the British oil company Soco International within the UNESCO World Heritage site. Soco International ended up officially exploring oil opportunities in Virunga in April 2014. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on 17 April 2014. After airing on Netflix, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

The documentary tells the story of four characters fighting to protect Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo, home to the world's last mountain gorillas, from war, poaching, and the threat of oil exploration. Following gorilla caregiver André Bauma, central sector warden Rodrigue Mugaruka Katembo, chief warden Emmanuel de Merode, and the French investigative journalist Mélanie Gouby, the film focuses on the natural beauty and biodiversity of Virunga, as well as the complex political and economic issues surrounding oil exploration and armed conflict in the region.

Production began in 2012, when von Einsiedel traveled to Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo with the intention of documenting the positive progress which had been made by the park authorities in encouraging tourism and development in the region. However, within three weeks of arriving in Virunga, conflict began with the M23 rebellion in April 2012, shifting the focus of the film to cover the emerging conflict.

Von Einsiedel collaborated with park officials and French journalist Mélanie Gouby to investigate the role of the British oil company Soco International, which had been undertaking activities in the area. Undercover filming appeared to show Soco representatives offering bribes to park rangers.

Soco International has strongly denied the allegations made in the documentary.

"Virunga" had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City on 17 April 2014. The premiere of the film came just two days after Virunga National Park's chief warden, Emmanuel de Merode, was shot by unidentified gunmen on the road from the city of Goma to the park's headquarters in Rumangabo. De Merode survived the attack, and with his encouragement, the premiere of "Virunga" went ahead.

The film has been screened at multiple film festivals around the world, including Canadian festivals Hot Docs and DOXA; Docville in Leuven, Belgium; in the U.S. at Little Rock Film Festival in Arkansas, Mountainfilm in Colorado, AFI Docs in Washington DC, Traverse City Film Festival in Michigan. The UK premiere of the film was at the Edinburgh International Film Festival on 24 June 2014.

On 28 July 2014, it was announced that Netflix had picked up exclusive rights to the film. The documentary was released onto the service on 7 November the same year.

"Virunga" has received universal acclaim by critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 100% rating based on 21 reviews with an average rating of 9.09/10. The site's critical consensus reads ""Virunga" offers a heart-rending glimpse of natural wonders vulnerable to the atrocities of greed -- and the people devoting their lives to defending them". Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned the film a weighted average score of 95 out of 100 based on 5 reviews from mainstream critics, indicating "universal acclaim". It is currently one of the site's highest-rated films.

Jeannette Catsoulis, writing for "The New York Times", called the film "extraordinary", whilst "Los Angeles Times" film critic Sheri Linden described Virunga as an "urgent investigative report and unforgettable drama... a work of heart-wrenching tenderness and heart-stopping suspense". Ronnie Scheib wrote for "Variety" that "Virunga" was an "extraordinary documentary" with "enough action, pathos, suspense, venal villains, stalwart heroes and endangered gorillas for a dozen fiction films". Tom Roston wrote for PBS's POV blog that "Virunga is the best documentary I've seen this year."

"Virunga" has won several awards including the Peabody Award; the Feature Documentary Award at DOXA Documentary Festival in Vancouver, Canada; the Award of International Emerging Filmmaker at Hot Docs in Toronto; the Golden Rock Documentary Award at Little Rock Film Festival, the Cinema for Peace International Green Film Award, and the Action and Change Together (ACT Now) Award at the Crested Butte Film Festival. It won two gongs at the One World Media Awards at BAFTA - Best Documentary, and the Corruption Reporting award. The film was also nominated for Best Documentary Feature at Tribeca Film Festival. The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for the 87th Academy Awards.

The allegations brought against Soco International by the documentary, and supported by local NGOs and civil society organizations working in and around Virunga National park, put increased pressure on the company to put an end to its exploration for oil within the protected World Heritage Site.

On 11 June 2014, Soco International and the WWF announced a joint statement in which the oil company committed "not to undertake or commission any exploratory or other drilling within Virunga National Park unless UNESCO and the DRC government agree that such activities are not incompatible with its World Heritage status". This was widely cited as a victory for WWF, which had long been campaigning for Soco to leave the region, and credit was also given to the filmmakers. However, strong concerns about the credibility of this agreement were raised by the filmmakers, alongside other NGOs such as Global Witnessㄝ Human Rights Watch, and local civil society organisations.

World Wildlife Fund executives now acknowledge that the battle over Virunga is hardly over. Soco has yet to relinquish its operating permits or commit to an unconditional withdrawal. "They're leaving the door open," said Zach Abraham, director of the World Wildlife Fund's global campaigns.

On 13 March 2015, BBC reported that the Democratic Republic of Congo says it could potentially redraw the boundaries of Virunga National Park, to allow for oil exploration.

On 4 November 2015, Soco said it no longer held a stake in the exploration licence for the DRC national park.



</doc>
<doc id="43611227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43611227" title="Yoga Hosers">
Yoga Hosers

Yoga Hosers is a 2016 American horror comedy film written and directed by Kevin Smith. It is a spin-off of Smith's 2014 horror film "Tusk", and stars Lily-Rose Depp and Smith's daughter Harley Quinn Smith, alongside Depp's father Johnny Depp. The film is the second in Smith's "True North" trilogy, itself a spin-off of the View Askewniverse, and had its world premiere on January 24 at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival. The film was released on September 2, 2016 by Invincible Pictures. It was a commercial failure and was universally panned by critics and audiences, who considered it a low point in Smith's career, despite admiration from long time fans. Jennifer Schwalbach Smith reprises her role as Missy "Miss" McKenzie from "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back".

Colleen Collette and Colleen McKenzie are two average 15-year-old girls that spend their days studying yoga with their guru, Yogi Bayer, and working an after-school job at a Manitoba convenience store called Eh-2-Zed. They are also in a cover band called Glamthrax with their 35-year-old friend, Ichabod, on drums. The two are invited to a party by a popular senior, Hunter Calloway, who is the object of Colleen M's affections.

The next day at school, the girls' history teacher informs the class that the Nazi Party once had an influence in Winnipeg. Led by the self-proclaimed "Canadian Führer" Adrien Arcand and his right-hand-man, Andronicus Arcane, the Canadian Nazis were once a great force of terror. Arcand was later arrested by Federal authorities, but Andronicus Arcane was never found.

Colleen C's father Bob, who owns the Eh-2-Zed, and his girlfriend Tabitha, the store's manager, decide to take a spontaneous trip to Niagara Falls, leaving the girls to run the store on the night of Hunter's party. The Colleens invite Hunter and his friend Gordon Greenleaf to bring the party to the store so that they would not miss out. Colleen M escorts Hunter to the back room at his request, only to discover that Hunter and Gordon are actually Satanists who wish to sacrifice and dismember the Colleens. Before this can occur, an army of little monsters called Bratzis (one-foot-tall Nazis made from bratwurst) attack and kill Hunter and Gordon. Using their yoga skills, the Colleens fight and defeat the Bratzis, but are soon arrested for the murder of Hunter and Gordon.

Legendary man-hunter Guy LaPointe, who had an encounter with the Colleens once before, arrives at the police station to interrogate the girls. Having obtained some of his own evidence of the Bratzis, he believes the girls' testimony and wishes to help them prove their innocence. After sneaking them out of the station and taking them back to the Eh-2-Zed, LaPointe and the Colleens are knocked unconscious by the Bratzis. They are taken to an underground lair beneath the store where they find the Bratzis' master, Andronicus Arcane.

Arcane reveals to LaPointe and the Colleens that he once had dreams of becoming an artist. After having his work ridiculed by various critics, he decided to become a scientist for the Canadian Nazi movement. The Nazis hid him in the underground lair to create a clone army to conquer Canada and the United States. The clones, made from bratwurst and Arcane's DNA, needed to incubate for 100 years before they were fully grown, so Arcane cryogenically froze himself until the time when he and his clones could rise again. This process was interrupted when a power outage at the Eh-2-Zed 70 years later caused Arcane to thaw and the clones' incubation to stop, rendering them just one foot in height. Learning that the Nazi Party had long since been defeated, Arcane began a new mission to kill all critics as revenge for those that poorly reviewed his early work. He reveals he has constructed a ten-foot-tall goaltender from body parts of the Bratzis' victims to carry out his murderous deeds. This "Goalie Golem" is controlled by the Bratzis who operate it from its insides. No longer wishing to follow Arcane's orders, the Golem kills him and then turns on the Colleens. The Colleens once again use their yoga skills to defeat the Golem and soon after, clear their names.

After being dubbed "Hero Clerks" by the media, the Colleens return to their normal lives and end the film with a cover of "O, Canada", accompanied on guitar by Guy LaPointe.

Smith revealed before the release of "Tusk" that he had written a spin-off film called "Yoga Hosers", which would feature the cast from "Tusk".

The title came from a remark Scott Mosier made during an early 2014 segment of "SModcast", the podcast he cohosts with Smith. Smith brought up fanciful quotes attributed to Simon Metke, an Edmonton yoga instructor whose home had recently been raided by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), who recovered an artwork stolen from the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts in 2011 there. Mosier imagined the RCMP saying "Open up, yoga hoser!" as they knocked on the door. After it became a catchphrase among the podcast's listeners, Smith announced it would be the title of his next film. The character of Yogi Bayer in the film is also based on descriptions of Metke in the media.

In August 2014, it was revealed "Yoga Hosers" would be an action-adventure, and the second in the "True North" trilogy. The film includes the entire cast of "Tusk", including Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and Smith's daughter Harley Quinn, starring in their reprised roles as clerks. Tony Hale, Natasha Lyonne, Austin Butler, Adam Brody, Tyler Posey, and Jason Mewes also appear. StarStream Entertainment helped finance and produce the film, while XYZ Films co-produced. In September 2014, it was revealed Haley Joel Osment and Genesis Rodriguez had joined the cast as well, and it was later revealed Kevin Smith would portray a bratzi. Comic book writer Stan Lee had a cameo appearance, his second in a Smith film, after 1995's "Mallrats". Thomas Ashley put up 25% of the equity to create the film and was an executive producer.

Smith announced on August 20, 2014 that filming had begun, and on September 18, 2014 he stated on SModcast #308 that he had wrapped three quarters of the film, and would finish the last quarter once Depp is available. Principal photography concluded in January 2015.

The film had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on January 24. A tie-in comic book was also given out exclusively at the Sundance premiere. Written by Kevin Smith and illustrated by Jeff Quigley, "Yoga Hosers: When Colleens Collide" tells the story of how the girls met and became friends. Later in 2017, Dynamite Entertainment reprinted this special issue for release to comic stores. In April 2016, Invincible Pictures acquired U.S distribution rights to the film, and initially planned a July 29, 2016 release. The film was later pushed back to September 2.

"Yoga Hosers" was panned by critics and audiences, who considered it a low point in Smith's film career. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 22%, based on 58 reviews, with an average rating of 3.44/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Undisciplined, unfunny, and bereft of evident purpose, "Yoga Hosers" represents a particularly grating low point in Kevin Smith's once-promising career." On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 23 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews."

Justin Chang of "Variety" disliked the film, writing that "Harley Quinn Smith and especially Lily-Rose Depp have sufficient spunk, spark and chemistry (and they're charming bopping through an end-credits cover of "O Canada") that you long to see them in a starring vehicle that doesn't look and feel like an on-screen underwear stain. Shot and edited with the sort of willful slovenliness that presumably fits the anything-goes grab-bag effect Smith was going for, "Yoga Hosers" looks as though it was probably pretty fun to make, though only the director's hardcore fans and SModcast listeners are likely to find that pleasure in any way infectious." John DeFore of "The Hollywood Reporter" also gave the film a negative review, writing that "the young leads seem to be having fun even if you aren't, but any acting careers they might go on to will not be the result of this film."

Korey Coleman, of DoubleToasted.com, expressed strong criticism for the film, stating that it was the worst movie he had seen in years. He also felt Smith's privilege in obtaining funding for the film was an insult to aspiring filmmakers who struggle to even get a foot in the door of the industry. He placed it at the #1 spot for the worst movie of 2016, tying with "Fifty Shades of Black".

In an extended review for "The A.V. Club" in 2017, Nathan Rabin summed up the film as a "fiasco," blaming "self-indulgence" and "laziness" leading to "Smith combin[ing] what are clearly his two great loves in life: family and making terrible comedies. It's a beautiful thing when a man is able to fuse his personal and professional life this way. It's just a shame the result is borderline unwatchable."

Kevin Smith has said that his "True North" trilogy will conclude with a film titled "Moose Jaws", which he describes as ""Jaws" with a moose." Smith revealed that the Colleens will return for "Moose Jaws".


</doc>
<doc id="43613050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43613050" title="Shazam! (film)">
Shazam! (film)

Shazam! is a 2019 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character. Produced by New Line Cinema and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, it is the seventh installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). Directed by David F. Sandberg from a screenplay by Henry Gayden, and a story by Gayden and Darren Lemke, the film stars Asher Angel as Billy Batson, a teenage boy who can transform into an adult superhero, played by Zachary Levi. Mark Strong, Jack Dylan Grazer, Adam Brody, and Djimon Hounsou also star. The plot follows Billy Batson, who is chosen by the ancient wizard Shazam as his new champion and receives various superpowers. Billy and his best friend Freddy Freeman (Grazer) must discover Billy's new powers in order to stop the evil Dr. Thaddeus Sivana (Strong) and the Seven Deadly Enemies of Man.

Development of a live-action "Shazam!" film began at New Line in the early 2000s but was delayed for many years. The film went into pre-production in 2009 with director Peter Segal and writer John August and Dwayne Johnson considered to star as the villain Black Adam, but the project fell through; Dwayne Johnson acts as an executive producer on "Shazam!". William Goldman, Alec Sokolow, Joel Cohen, Bill Birch, and Geoff Johns, among others, were all attached to the project as writers at various points. The film was officially announced in 2014, with Johnson attached to star as either Shazam or Black Adam. He would later be cast in January 2017 to lead a solo "Black Adam" development project, currently targeted for a December 2021 release. Sandberg signed on to direct "Shazam!" in February 2017 and Levi was cast that October, with Angel joining the following month. Principal photography began in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on January 29, 2018, with most of the film shot at Pinewood Toronto Studios, and wrapped on May 11, 2018.

"Shazam!" was released in the United States by Warner Bros. Pictures in RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, and IMAX on April 5, 2019. The film grossed over $366 million worldwide, making it the second lowest-grossing film of the DCEU but still a box office success. The film received positive reviews from critics, with praise for Sandberg's direction and the performances of Levi, Grazer, and Angel, as well as its light tone and sense of fun. A sequel is set for release on April 1, 2022.

In 1974, young Thaddeus Sivana is riding in a car with his father and brother when he is suddenly transported to the Rock of Eternity, a magical temple in another dimension. There, the ancient wizard Shazam has spent centuries searching for someone pure of heart on whom to bestow his power and name as champion, after the previous champion released the Seven Deadly Sins which killed the rest of the Council of Wizards. Thaddeus is tempted by the Eye of Sin, through which he hears the voices of the Sins, trapped in stone statues, promising him power if he will free them. The wizard deems Thaddeus unworthy and magically returns him to the car, where he makes a scene that leads to a car accident, crippling his father. The Sins send Thaddeus a message telling him to find them.

In present-day Philadelphia, 14-year-old foster child Billy Batson continually runs away from foster homes to search for his birth mother, from whom he became separated while at a carnival ten years prior. He is placed in a group home run by Victor and Rosa Vasquez, with five other foster children: Mary Bromfield, Pedro Peña, Eugene Choi, Darla Dudley, and superhero enthusiast Freddy Freeman. Meanwhile, the embittered Sivana succeeds in his lifelong quest to find a way back to the Rock of Eternity. He steals the Eye of Sin, becoming the Sins' vessel, bests the wizard, and uses his newfound power to kill his father, brother, and Sivana Industries' board of directors.

At school, Billy defends Freddy from bullies and is chased into a subway, where he is transported to the Rock of Eternity. The wizard chooses Billy to be his new champion: By saying the name "Shazam", Billy is transformed into an adult superhero. The wizard turns to dust, leaving his magical staff behind. At home, Freddy is taken into Billy's confidence and helps him explore his newfound powers, which include super strength, speed, near-invulnerability, and electricity manipulation. By saying "Shazam" again, he can transform back into his normal body. Freddy posts viral videos of the new superhero, and Billy starts skipping school to use his powers to busk for money and fame, straining his friendship with Freddy. When Billy accidentally endangers and then saves a bus full of people, Sivana confronts him, demanding that he surrender his powers. Billy discovers that he can fly, and manages to escape. His foster siblings deduce that he is the superhero, and complete his search for his mother, who lives nearby. Billy rushes to see her, but is disheartened to learn that she abandoned him, having felt inadequate to raise him as a single teenage mother.

Sivana deduces Billy's identity and takes his foster siblings hostage. Billy agrees to transfer his powers to Sivana in exchange for their safety. They go to the Rock of Eternity to use the wizard's staff to effect the transfer, but the children follow and attack Sivana. Billy observes that Sivana becomes vulnerable when all seven Sins leave his body. Sivana pursues them to a winter carnival and unleashes the Sins upon the crowd. Remembering the wizard's words, Billy uses the staff to share his powers with his siblings, transforming them into adult superheroes like him. He then breaks the staff, and his siblings battle the Sins while Billy faces down Sivana. By luring out the final Sin, Envy, Billy makes Sivana vulnerable and yanks the Eye of Sin out of his head, recapturing all the Sins.

Billy and his siblings are hailed as heroes, return the Eye and the Sins to their prison, and realize they can use the Rock of Eternity as their superhero lair. Billy finally accepts his foster parents and siblings as his "real" family. In his superhero form, he has lunch with his siblings at school, revealing to Freddy's surprise that he has also invited Superman. In a mid-credits scene, the imprisoned Sivana is approached by a talking caterpillar, who proposes an alliance.


The film also features John Glover as Mr. Sivana, the estranged father of Dr. Thaddeus Sivana and CEO of Sivana Industries. Glover had previously starred in other DC Comics shows and movies: "Batman The Animated Series"; "The New Batman Adventures"; "Superman the Animated Series" as The Riddler; Dr. Jason Woodrue in the 1997 film "Batman and Robin"; and Lionel Luthor, Lex Luthor's father in "Smallville". Natalia Safran was cast as Mrs. Sivana, though her scenes were ultimately cut from the film. Caroline Palmer portrays Marilyn Batson, Billy's biological mother. Wayne Ward and Landon Doak portray Sid the bullying brother of Thaddeus Sivana as an adult and a teenager, respectively. Carson MacCormac and Evan Marsh portray Brett and Burke Breyer, bullies at the children's school.

Director David F. Sandberg makes cameo appearances performing as each of the three Crocodile-Men (collaboratively assisted by Steve Newburn and Ned Morill), and provides the voice of the alien lifeform Mister Mind during a mid-credits sequence. Sandberg's wife, actress Lotta Losten, portrays Dr. Lynn Crosby; a researcher working with Dr. Sivana, who is killed by him. Sound designer Bill R. Dean has an uncredited cameo, providing the voice for a Batman toy, while Ryan Hadley, Zachary Levi's stunt double, appears uncredited as a stand-in body double for Superman. Hadley's appearance is a silent cameo, where the character is only seen from the neck down, due to Henry Cavill being unavailable to film the scene. Dwayne Johnson's likeness is used for the mystic-generated holograph of Teth-Adam, which the wizard Shazam conjures while teaching Billy the history of the Rock of Eternity, the Seven Realms of Magic, and his previous Champion. Johnson will portray the titular role in "Black Adam".

The Seven Deadly Sins – a supernatural team of villains consisting of the demons Pride, Envy, Greed, Lust, Wrath, Gluttony, and Sloth – were portrayed by stunt doubles in motion capture suits on-set during filming, and depicted on-screen through CGI special effects. Their voices were collectively provided by actors Steve Blum, Darin De Paul, and Fred Tatasciore. In an Easter egg appearance, Andi Osho reprises her role as social worker Emma Glover from Sandberg's film "Lights Out".

New Line Cinema began development of a "Shazam!" live-action feature film in the early 2000s, with multiple screenplay drafts, by William Goldman, the team of Alec Sokolow and Joel Cohen, Bryan Goluboff, and John August. The version of the "Shazam!" script written by August, which went into pre-production in 2008, was an action-comedy which focused on the origin story of the hero, then known by his original name of Captain Marvel, and his young alter ego, Billy Batson. Peter Segal was attached as director and Dwayne Johnson was in talks to appear as the film's villain, Black Adam. New Line Cinema was absorbed into Warner Bros. during the course of development.

Following the success of Warner's Batman film "The Dark Knight" and the commercial failure of its lighter, family-friendly "Speed Racer", both during the summer of 2008, August departed from the project, citing pressure from the studio to make the screenplay darker and more serious. In August 2009, Bill Birch and Geoff Johns, a prominent DC Comics writer, were assigned to write the screenplay, while Segal remained attached as director. In August 2010, the studio considered canceling the theatrical movie in favor of a live-action series for prime time network television. In December 2013, Segal stated that the film would not be happening, as the similarities between Captain Marvel and Superman had become an obstacle after the successful launch of "Man of Steel" earlier that year.

While development on the "Shazam!" film was in limbo, DC Comics rebooted the comic book franchise as part of their New 52 relaunch in 2012. Due to ongoing trademark conflicts with Marvel Comics, who owned the trademark for "Captain Marvel" for use with their own character of the same name, DC renamed their Captain Marvel superhero character "Shazam" at this time. DC had been required to market and promote the character using the trademark "Shazam!", since acquiring the publishing rights from Fawcett Comics in 1972. Captain Marvel had originated at Fawcett in 1939, but fell into limbo after 1953 following a long legal battle with DC over Captain Marvel's similarities to Superman.

In April 2014, Warner Bros. revealed their upcoming slate of films based on DC Comics properties. A "Justice League" film was set to be released in 2017, alongside adaptations of "Shazam!", "Fables", and "100 Bullets". The "Shazam!" film was tentatively set for release in July 2016. Dwayne Johnson stated he would be starring in "Shazam!" that August, but was undecided between portraying Shazam or Black Adam. In September, Johnson was cast as Black Adam, while Darren Lemke was set to write the script. In January 2017, Henry Gayden was hired to rewrite Lemke's script. In February 2017, David F. Sandberg was in talks with the studio to direct "Shazam!", while Dwayne Johnson was set to star in a "Black Adam" solo film, as opposed to appearing as the villain in "Shazam!", while Doctor Sivana, another nemesis of Shazam, became the "Shazam!" film's main villain.

By July 2017, the studio had begun active development on "Shazam!" and Sandberg was confirmed as director, with production to begin in early 2018. Dwayne Johnson relayed that a different creative team was now involved than when he first signed on to the film. After being cast as the lead, Zachary Levi stated in an interview, "the idea is that it's gonna feel like the movie "Big", but with super powers," when was asked about the direction DC Films and New Line Cinema are going for with "Shazam!" Warner Bros. stated that the film would be based on the 2012-2013 "Shazam!" backup feature from the "Justice League" comic book, by writer Geoff Johns and artist Gary Frank, which told a modernized version of Shazam's origin.

In August 2017, director David F. Sandberg stated that the film would be the next to shoot in the DC universe, and by the end of the month, it had begun pre-production. By October 2017, cinematographer Maxime Alexandre and production designer Jennifer Spence, who previously worked with Sandberg on "", were added to the production. The next month, "Aquaman" stunt coordinator Kyle Gardiner was hired to work on the film's action sequences. On January 12, 2018, the film's release date was announced as April 19, 2019, later moved to April 5.

By September 2014, Dwayne Johnson was set to portray Black Adam in the film, but by July 2017, he had left the project to pursue a Black Adam solo film. In August 2017, the casting process for Shazam and other characters had begun. Sandberg had stated in an interview that instead of de-aging an actor using special effects or CGI, he would cast both a child actor and an adult actor for the role of the main character. Zachary Levi, John Cena, Zane Holtz, Jake McDorman, Derek Theler and Billy Magnussen all met with and/or auditioned for Sandberg for the role of Shazam.

By October 2017, Levi was cast in the titular role. In November, Grace Fulton joined the cast as Mary Bromfield, one of Billy Batson's foster siblings. Fulton had previously worked with the same director on "". Later that month, Mark Strong was in final negotiations to play Dr. Sivana. Strong confirmed he would be playing the role by January 2018. By November 2017, Asher Angel was cast as the titular hero's teenage originator Billy Batson. In December, Jack Dylan Grazer was added as Freddy Freeman, Batson's best friend. Later that month, Jovan Armand, Ian Chen, Faithe Herman, and Cooper Andrews were cast as Pedro Peña, Eugene Choi, and Darla Dudley, with Andrews portraying Victor Vazquez, one of Billy Batson's foster parents.

By January 2018, Ron Cephas Jones entered talks to play the role of the wizard Shazam, who granted Batson his powers. Later that month, Spanish actress Marta Milans joined the cast to play Rosa Vazquez, one of the foster parents at the home where Billy lives. By the end of January 2018, actress Lotta Losten, the wife of director David F. Sandberg, revealed that she has a role in the film. On April 23, 2018, Ross Butler was announced to have joined the cast. By July, Djimon Hounsou had replaced Jones as the wizard Shazam, due to Jones having scheduling conflicts. Henry Cavill was in talks to reprise his role as Superman from previous DCEU films for a cameo, but was unable to because of scheduling.

Principal photography for "Shazam!" began in Toronto and Hamilton, in Ontario, Canada on January 29, 2018, under the working title "Franklin", and wrapped by mid-May 2018. The film was set primarily in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and is firmly established within the DCEU. Most of the production was shot at Pinewood Toronto Studios, and also several public locations around the city, including the University of Toronto, Woodbine Shopping Centre, and Hearn Generating Station. In early March 2018, filming took place at Fort York National Historic Site in downtown Toronto. By early May 2018, Asher Angel, among other young cast members, had finished filming his part, and principal photography wrapped on May 11, 2018. Additional photography took place in Toronto between November and December 2018. Scenes set at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and well as other location work such as footage of the skyline and aerial shots, were filmed in the city of Philadelphia in December 2018. "Shazam!" had a filming budget of $90–100 million (and about $102 million once post-production was complete), making it the least expensive DCEU film to-date.

David F. Sandberg's two-time collaborator Michel Aller served as the editor for "Shazam!". Mike Wassel ("" and "The Fast and the Furious" franchise) and Kelvin McIlwain ("Aquaman") were the overall visual effects supervisors for the film. Technicolor's VFX studios Mr. X (known for "The Shape of Water" and "") and Moving Picture Company (MPC) provided visual effects. Rodeo FX, DNEG, Digital Domain, and Rise FX also worked on the VFX.

Mr. X was responsible for the scenes inside the Rock of Eternity, a dark cave-like environment where the Seven Deadly Sins are imprisoned. Four major sequences take place here, including the opening scene when a young Thad enters and is rejected as the new hero; when he returns as the older Dr. Sivana; when Billy enters and becomes Shazam; and the final showdown between Shazam and Sivana. VFX Supervisor Aaron Weintraub and the team at Mr. X were brought on board three months before shooting began in Toronto – where the town was abuzz with this exciting project and the mayor talked it up frequently. Weintraub found working with Sandberg and the filmmaking team to be an open, inviting, and collaborative experience.

While the first level of the Rock of Eternity was an elaborately built set, everything above 20 feet was a digital environment extension, and within that was every type of visual effect – from bringing Shazam's chest bolt to life; to stunts with digi-doubles, people melting and statues crumbling; to the Orb and the Seven Deadly Sins flying in and out of it. the final showdown between Shazam and Sivana, in which the latter lets loose his gang of monsters, a 360 shot where seven creatures form from smoke unleashed from within.

Rodeo FX team deliver more than 130 shots to DC's latest entry, Shazam!. RodeoFX team recreate the city backdrop for the boardroom sequence. Using photographs of Pittsburgh, They built matte paintings of the city as seen from the boardroom, adding buildings and bustlings streets.

For the title sequence, They delivered the compositing of the company logos in the opening credits and built and animated the magic 8 ball in CG, adding frost and rays of light beam along matching the effects from the key subway scene from the film.

Digital Domain worked on 26 VFX shots for the movie. Additionally Rise FX and DNEG provide visual effects for the film and the 3D conversion.

On July 21, 2018, Benjamin Wallfisch was announced as the composer for "Shazam!", marking his third collaboration with director David F. Sandberg after previously scoring Sandberg's "Lights Out" and "". Wallfisch had also provided additional music for "", the second film in the DC Extended Universe.

Wallfisch cited John Williams and scores from 1980s Amblin Entertainment films as inspirations for "Shazam!", to match the tone of a film about "an old-school superhero from the Golden Age." In writing the score, Wallfisch stated that he was "picturing what might happen if a 14-year-old was put in front of a 100 piece orchestra and told there were no limits. I wanted the score to feel like it might have been written by an exuberant kid just having the time of his life with an orchestra."

In April 2018, a first look at "Shazam!" was shown at the CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas, Nevada, as director David F. Sandberg introduced behind-the-scene footage. During an interview with Film Riot Podcast in June 2018, Sandberg stated that "On this one, it was just like 'Yeah, I want this to be a classic superhero movie.' It takes place in the winter, so it's a lot of dark exteriors, but with a lot of colorful lights and stuff around them." On July 21, 2018, the first teaser trailer was shown at San Diego Comic-Con during the Warner Bros. panel at Hall H, with Sandberg, Zachary Levi, Asher Angel, and Jack Dylan Grazer in attendance. The trailer was later released online. It received a favorable response from journalists and audiences, who praised its humorous, zany tone.

New footage from the film made its debut at Brazil Comic Con (CCXP) in São Paulo on December 9, 2018 during the Warner Bros. studio panel, with the footage described for the attendees as action-packed. A new trailer was released on March 4, and a three-minute sneak peek was included with the digital home media of "Aquaman".

At the STP 500 on March 24, 2019, "Shazam!" was the primary sponsor of Aric Almirola and the #10 Ford Mustang in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. Almirola would go on to finish 9th after starting 2nd.

On March 13, 2019, Warner Bros. Pictures announced that they were teaming up with Fandango for exclusive preview screenings on March 23, two weeks before release, on 1,200 select screens and 40 exhibition circuits. "Shazam!" premiered in Toronto on March 15, 2019, and was theatrically released in the United States by Warner Bros. Pictures in RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema and IMAX on April 5, 2019.

"Shazam!" was released on digital download on July 2, 2019, and was released on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD on July 16. The digital and Blu-ray releases include behind-the-scenes featurettes, deleted scenes, and gag reels. The film will also receive a release on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD on 12 August 2019, in the United Kingdom. , "Shazam!" has made $7.9 million in DVD sales and $23.1 million in Blu-ray sales, totaling an estimated of $31 million in domestic video sales according to "The Numbers".

"Shazam!" has grossed $140.4 million in the United States and Canada, and $225.6 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $366 million. It was estimated that the film needed to gross $235–250 million worldwide in order to break even.

In the United States and Canada, "Shazam!" was released alongside "The Best of Enemies" and "Pet Sematary", and was projected to gross $40–50 million from 4,260 theaters in its opening weekend. Two weeks before its release, the film grossed $3.3 million from Fandango advance screenings, higher than the $2.9 million made by fellow DCEU film "Aquaman" the previous December. It then made $5.9 million from Thursday night screenings on April 4, for a combined preview total of $9.2 million. The film grossed a total of $20.5 million on its first day, including Thursday previews but not the March screenings. It went on to debut to $53.5 million, finishing first at the box office. In its second weekend the film made $25.1 million, retaining the top spot, before being dethroned by newcomer "The Curse of La Llorona" in its third weekend. In its fourth weekend, it made $5.8 million and finished fifth at the box office, including behind fellow superhero films "" and "Captain Marvel".

In other territories, the film was released in 53 markets on Wednesday, April 3 and Thursday, April 4, and was projected to debut to $100–120 million, for a global opening of $145–170. In its first two days of international release the film made $15.7 million, finishing first in 48 of its 53 markets. It was then released in an additional 26 countries, including China, where it made $16.4 million on its first day. It went on to have an international debut of $102 million, and a global total of $158.6 million. It came in first in 60 of its 79 markets, with its highest-grossing being China ($43.4 million), Mexico ($10.6 million), Australia ($10.3 million), the UK ($15.3 million), Russia ($8.4 million) and Brazil ($8.7 million).

At the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 90% based on 385 reviews, with an average rating of 7.28/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "An effortlessly entertaining blend of humor and heart, "Shazam!" is a superhero movie that never forgets the genre's real power: joyous wish fulfillment." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 71 out of 100, based on 53 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an overall positive score of 83% and a 61% "definite recommend."

Nick Allen of "RogerEbert.com" said that "while "Shazam!" is goofier (and darker) than it may look, you'll wish its superhero came with a little more spark," while "The Hollywood Reporter"s Frank Scheck called the film ""Big" on steroids" and praised the tone and performances. Alonso Duralde of "TheWrap" wrote, "If the "Wonder Woman" and "Aquaman" movies represented DC Comics' first big-screen steps away from the austere color palette of the Zack Snyder movies, "Shazam!" takes us deeply into primary colors in a single bound... this new DC entry has a lovely lightness, both in the visuals and in its tone."

Writing for "The A.V. Club", Ignatiy Vishnevetsky gave the film a "B−" and said: "...while the story of an extremely overpowered champion rising to challenge a one-dimensionally sinister baddie might seem like the epitome of simplicity, "Shazam!" is still a modern-day tentpole blockbuster, overburdened with backstories for both hero and villain and subtexts that it can't (or won't) fully articulate." That publication followed up with a further consideration of masculinity in the film and the superhero genre generally, focusing on the transition of Billy Batson from an adolescent boy to a man with power and responsibility. Benjamin Lee of "The Guardian" gave the film 3/5 stars, specifying, "The finale, while admirably self-contained and small-scale, grinds on for far too long, a boring escalation of anti-climaxes that cumulatively dull the intended emotional impact. It's a film in need of a tighter edit with a script in need of a sharper polish, an imperfect franchise-launcher that nonetheless represents significant progress for DC."

In April 2019, "TheWrap" reported that New Line Cinema is developing a sequel with Henry Gayden returning to write the film, along with David F. Sandberg directing and Peter Safran producing. In December 2019, New Line Cinema announced that the sequel will be released April 1, 2022.



</doc>
<doc id="43613414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43613414" title="Kidnapping Freddy Heineken">
Kidnapping Freddy Heineken

Kidnapping Freddy Heineken (U.S. title Kidnapping Mr. Heineken) is a 2015 British-Dutch crime drama film directed by Daniel Alfredson based on the 1983 kidnapping of Freddy Heineken. The screenplay, based on the 1987 book by Peter R. de Vries, was written by William Brookfield. The role of Freddy Heineken is played by Anthony Hopkins, with Sam Worthington as Willem Holleeder, Jim Sturgess as Cor van Hout, Ryan Kwanten as Jan Boellaard, Thomas Cocquerel as Martin Erkamps and Mark van Eeuwen as Frans Meijer.

The film takes place in 1983, primarily in Amsterdam and centres on a group of five Dutch friends: Willem Holleeder, Cor van Hout, Jan Boellard, Martin Erkamps and Frans Meijer. Looking for easy money, they decide to kidnap the Heineken owner and tycoon Freddy Heineken to achieve a very high ransom. Although capturing Heineken and his driver Ab Doderer successfully, the group eventually faces difficulties due to their lack of experience in crime. They fail to negotiate with the police, and Cor feels it is his duty to take care of his pregnant wife, Sonja. After Heineken is finally released by the police, Willem and Cor flee to Paris, where they plan to remain hidden. However, Cor experiences strong emotions to phone call Sonja, a dangerous action that could easily reveal their location to the police tracing. He is initially reluctant and has arguments with Willem, but ultimately gives in to his feelings and calls Sonja, resulting in Cor and Willem being arrested by the French police while leaving their apartment. According to the final headline Freddy Heineken died in 2003 (he died in 2002).


Filming began in Belgium in October 2013.

"Kidnapping Mr. Heineken" received generally unfavorable reviews from critics. The film holds a 33/100 score at Metacritic, and a 20% score at Rotten Tomatoes.

The "Los Angeles Times" commented: "Despite its true-events pedigree, "Kidnapping Mr. Heineken" is woefully captive to B-movie crime saga tropes."

"Variety": "About as appealing as day-old beer littered with cigarette butts, the abysmal caper drama "Kidnapping Mr. Heineken" is one of those international co-productions produced for all the right tax-credit reasons and none of the right artistic ones."

Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter": "By the time the relatively brief but seemingly interminable proceedings reach their conclusion, viewers may feel like they've been held hostage themselves." Conversely, Rex Reed of "The New York Observer" gave the film 3 out of 4 stars, and commented: "Anthony Hopkins plays the king of the hops, and he is excellent. So is the rest of the movie, a sober, no-frills account about the highest ransom ever collected up to that time—$10 million and counting."



</doc>
<doc id="43613906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43613906" title="Miss Meadows">
Miss Meadows

Miss Meadows is a 2014 American thriller film written and directed by Karen Leigh Hopkins. The film stars Katie Holmes, James Badge Dale, Callan Mulvey and Stephen Bishop. The film was released on November 14, 2014, by Entertainment One Films.

Miss Mary Meadows is a young woman who works as a substitute first-grade elementary school teacher who enjoys taking long walks in her suburban neighborhood, wearing traditional clothing and tap-dancing shoes. Unknown to everyone, she is a secret vigilante who kills local thugs who accost her or when she witnesses them committing crimes. She always carries a small semi-automatic pistol in her purse and speaks in a childlike, innocent manner. She lives by herself in a small house and talks occasionally with her mother over the telephone about what she did during the day.

Investigating the vigilante killings is a local sheriff. He soon meets and develops an attraction to Miss Meadows due to her old-fashioned clothing and style of speech. When he begins to suspect that the woman he finds himself drawn to may be the suspect he is looking for, the sheriff is torn between whether to arrest or protect her.

When Miss Meadows meets an ex-convict named Skylar, who she learns served time for molesting young children, she begins to fear for her young students' safety. When Miss Meadows approaches and threatens to kill Skylar if he continues hanging around the school or around her kids, he begins stalking her.

It is eventually revealed that all of the telephone conversations that Miss Meadows has been having with her mother over the course of the film are imaginary. As a young girl, Mary Meadows witnessed her mother's murder in a drive-by shooting outside a local church after attending the wedding of a family friend. This traumatic incident left Miss Meadows so emotionally scarred that she withdrew into a fantasy world in which she imagined that her mother was still alive, then began to go after and kill criminals whom she viewed as a threat to society.

The various criminals that Miss Meadows kills on-screen include a trucker who tries to abduct her at gunpoint in the opening scene, a young man who committed a mass shooting at a local diner, and the town's Catholic priest whom Miss Meadows finds sexually molesting a young boy.

When Miss Meadows learns that she is pregnant after a sexual encounter with the sheriff, she decides to accept his proposal of marriage. On the day of the wedding, Skylar kidnaps Heather, one of Miss Meadows's students, from her house, forcing Miss Meadows to go to Skylar's house (wearing her wedding dress) to try to stop him, only to end up a captive herself. When she manages to free Heather and struggle with Skylar over her gun, the sheriff, passing by after leaving the church, sees Heather running from Skylar's house as she shouts for help. Meanwhile, Skylar takes Miss Meadows' gun from her purse, aims it at her and asks, "Do you really think you can save the world? Well, try saving your self first!" Just then, the sheriff arrives and fatally shoots Skylar in the head. Seeing Miss Meadows' gun still clutched in Skylar's hand, he notes "it has his prints now". He and Miss Meadows proceed back to the church.

One year later, Miss Meadows and the Sheriff are married; she still wears her tap shoes and he has taken up the accordion. Now parents to a baby daughter, they are content to be peculiar together. As Miss Meadows prepares to go out before dinner, the sheriff tells her "be careful"; she replies "I always am", leaves the house, and does one final little tap dance on the sidewalk.


Principal photography and production began on August 6, 2013, in Cleveland, Ohio.

The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 21, 2014. The film was released on November 14, 2014, by Entertainment One Films.

"Miss Meadows" received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 26%, based on 19 reviews, with an average rating of 4.6/10. On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 43 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".


</doc>
<doc id="43614294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43614294" title="Man Afraid">
Man Afraid

Man Afraid is a 1957 American film noir directed by Harry Keller and starring George Nader, Phyllis Thaxter and Tim Hovey.

A minister (George Nader) accidentally kills a young burglar. The father of the burglar (Eduard Franz) sets out to revenge his son's death by threatening the minister's son.





</doc>
<doc id="43614532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43614532" title="By Any Name">
By Any Name

By Any Name is a 2016 British action thriller film, that has won two awards at the 2016 North Wales International Film Festival and is based on the book of the same name by Catrin Collier. The film follows the story of John West who is admitted to a psychiatric ward suffering from trauma-induced amnesia after he was found half naked running down a motorway and covered in blood. He has no memory of who he is. All he can recall is a detailed knowledge of sophisticated weaponry and military techniques that indicates a background in terrorism.

When two armed soldiers guarding his room are murdered and Dr Liz Santer Samira Mohamed Ali, the psychiatrist assigned to his case, is abducted at gunpoint, a desperate hunt begins for a dangerous killer. Liz attempts to help her capture recover his memory despite all the warnings of what she might find. Is Liz in the hands of a homicidal terrorist or an innocent pawn? Her life depends on the right answer.


In 2014, it was announced that Author Catrin Collier (Katherine John) was working with Tanabi, a Welsh production company, to adapt the novel for the big screen in a deal negotiated with Marjacq Scripts Ltd. Filming commenced on the project in August 2014 and will run through to October and will be released in early 2017. It is said to be the first in a series of films that Catrin Collier and Tanabi Films will work on over the next few years. The film is being filmed on location in London, Swansea and Brecon where the films main narrative takes place. Recent film school graduate Shannon Walsh was initially lined up to direct before being replaced by producer Euros Jones-Evans.

The novel, "By Any Name", written by Katherine John, was released in early 2006 and was well received by critics and as well as fans of John herself. Much like the film, the book follows the story of Dr Elizabeth Santer who is desperately trying to help the man known as John West rediscover his memory despite warnings that West might be dangerous and is suspected of Terrorist activities.



</doc>
<doc id="43615431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43615431" title="Now — The Peace">
Now — The Peace

Now — The Peace is a film produced and directed in 1945 by Stuart Legg for the National Film Board of Canada series "The World in Action", with unaccredited narration by Lorne Greene. Over its nearly 21-minute running time, circumstances during the immediate postwar period following the Second World War, leading to the formation of the United Nations are discussed.

After the First World War, the League of Nations was created, but despite the efforts of leaders such as Woodrow Wilson, the organization failed to ensure world peace. The concept of collective security against attack was thought to be the means to stop wars. The constant conflicts of the 1930s with Japanese aggression in China, Italian invasion of Ethiopia and the beginning of the Spanish Civil War showed how ineffective the League had become.

During the Second World War, in an attempt to reinvigorate efforts directed to prevent future wars, the "five great powers" met in August and September 1944, at the Dumbarton Oaks Conference, Dumbarton Oaks, Washington, D.C.. The deliberations led to the creation of a new international organization devoted to world peace, the United Nations. One of the aspects of the blueprint that is proposed is for nations to share their abundance of resources for mutual benefit. The United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration (UNRRA) is created as an international relief agency to help nations in need during the immediate postwar era.


Typical of the NFB's wartime and immediate postwar series of documentary short films, "Now — The Peace" relied heavily on stock footage, including "enemy footage". The film was similar to "Global Air Routes", as both films were described as "editorials" on screen. Part of the NFB's "The World In Action" series of documentary short films, "Now — The Peace" was intended to prepare Canadians for a postwar and was produced by the NFB at the suggestion of Archibald MacLeish, then-Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs for the U.S. government, focusing especially on the formation of the United Nations, the international organization devoted to world peace.

The narrator in "Now — The Peace" was Lorne Greene, known for his work on both radio broadcasts as a news announcer at "CBC" as well as narrating many of the earlier "Canada Carries On" series. His sonorous recitation led to his nickname, "The Voice of Canada", and when reading grim battle statistics, "The Voice of Doom".

"Now — The Peace" was also produced as "Voici la paix", dubbed into French. As part of the NFB's "The World in Action" newsreel series, "Now — The Peace" was produced for both the military and the theatrical market. Each film was shown over a six-month period as part of the shorts or newsreel segments in approximately 800 theatres across Canada. The NFB also had an arrangement with United Artists to ensure that newsreels would get a wider release in North America.

After the six-month theatrical tour ended, individual films were made available on 16 mm, to schools, libraries, churches and factories, extending the life of these films for another year or two. They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. Available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD.

Historian Malek Khouri analyzed the role of the NFB wartime documentaries with "Now — The Peace" characterized as a propaganda film. "During the early years of the NFB, its creative output was largely informed by the turbulent political and social climate the world was facing. World War II, Communism, unemployment, the role of labour unions, and working conditions were all subjects featured by the NFB during the period from 1939 to 1946".



</doc>
<doc id="43616216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43616216" title="Veer!">
Veer!

Veer! (stylized as "VEER!") is a 2012 American independent film directed by Patrick Barry, written by Barry and Jesse Gay, and starring Gay along with Corsica Wilson, Erin Nicole Cline, and James Nguyen. The film premiered at the Jacksonville Film Festival for its hometown screening, and went on to tour regional film festivals around the country, including the PollyGrind Film Festival, where it won the "Skate or Die Award", and the Sunscreen Film Festival, where it won "Best Florida Film". The film was released theatrically on March 1, 2013.

The film focuses primarily on Jesse Sorensen, played by co-writer Jesse Gay, a washed-up professional skateboarding star now six years past his prime. After being dropped by his skate team and kicked off a friend's couch, Jesse moves in with his elderly grandmother only to discover his teenaged niece, Samantha (Corsica Wilson), crashing there as well. Having himself always led the wild lifestyle, Jesse becomes uncomfortable when Samantha opens up to him about dropping out of high school and partying. On a deeper level, Jesse confronts what he has spent his entire life avoiding - responsibility.

The film simultaneously follows the rapid rise of Strazz (James Nguyen), the young skate star who took Jesse's spot on the DieNasty Skate Team, chronicling the dangers of fast fame and money, and the subsequent fall-out between Jesse and Strazz.


The feature-length film was based on a short film of the same name, which premiered at the 2009 Gen Art Film Festival for Emerging Talent. An experimental project that was shot on black and white 8mm film with no dialogue, the short film instead incorporated subtitles for the character's lines and interaction. It was only after the strong reaction the film received from the New York crowd that Barry and co-writer Gay decided to expand the idea into a feature-length film.

Barry and Gay began writing the feature together in 2009 and Barry quit his day job to begin pre-production shortly thereafter, but when he realized that he was only able to acquire half of the film's required budget through investors, Barry put the other half of the budget on his credit cards.

Filming took place in Jacksonville, FL over February and March 2010, including at the legendary Kona Skatepark.

The film was shot on multiple media, including the digital Canon EOS 7D, as well as motion picture film: on Super 8mm and Super 16mm film. Cody Mattox wrote at the time of the film's release, "When director Patrick Barry wanted to shoot his debut feature film, "Veer!", on 16mm black & white film stock, production couldn’t afford that financial commitment; this limitation gave Barry the inspiration to break the film up into black & white film and color video portions. It is safe to say that this decision helps drive the narrative in an intriguing way, though I won’t spoil how..."

Of the production, Barry said, "It was a tough, in-the-trenches experience, and there were some very difficult moments where I wasn’t sure if the film was going to get finished, but the cast and crew really kept the train moving. I drew strength from them towards the end of the production."

In an attempt to keep the film as local as possible, Barry and Gay only sourced local talent for music in the film. With the exception of composer Nathan Matthew David, of Los Angeles, all of the musical acts were based out of Jacksonville, Florida. The soundtrack included music by Crash the Satellites, After the Bomb Baby, Juicy Pony, Powerball, Christina Wagner, and Kevin Newberry.

Barry played with many experimental techniques during shooting leading to what he felt was "disappointment" by audience members expecting a more traditional narrative structure.

"Veer!" won the "Skate or Die Award" at the 2012 PollyGrind Film Festival and "Best Florida Film" at the 2013 Suncreen Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="43616473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43616473" title="Man on a Swing">
Man on a Swing

Man on a Swing is a 1974 American thriller film directed by Frank Perry and written by David Zelag Goodman. The film stars Cliff Robertson, Joel Grey, Dorothy Tristan, Elizabeth Wilson and George Voskovec. The film was released on February 27, 1974, by Paramount Pictures.

Police detective Lee Tucker is investigating the murder of a woman. He has little evidence until factory worker Franklin Wills approaches him, identifying himself as a clairvoyant. Wills goes into trances during which he says that he can see the murder taking place. The whole time, Tucker wonders if Wills is authentically clairvoyant, or if he has an ulterior motive.




</doc>
<doc id="43617454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43617454" title="Flood Tide (1958 film)">
Flood Tide (1958 film)

Flood Tide is a 1958 American CinemaScope drama film noir romance film directed by Abner Biberman and starring George Nader, Cornell Borchers, and Michel Ray.

A 10-year-old boy's testimony results in Bill Holeran being sent to prison. Steve Martin, landlord to widow Anne Gordon and her young son, suspects that something is amiss with the child's story, and resumes a romantic relationship with Anne that he had previously broken off, in order to get at the truth.



</doc>
<doc id="43617800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43617800" title="The Mad Doctor of Market Street">
The Mad Doctor of Market Street

The Mad Doctor of Market Street is a 1942 American horror film produced by Universal Pictures starring Lionel Atwill. The film was a low-budget project that utilized the studio's contract players and gave rising director Joseph H. Lewis an opportunity to demonstrate his versatility with little production money.

Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film two out of four stars.


</doc>
<doc id="43618772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43618772" title="Rampage: Capital Punishment">
Rampage: Capital Punishment

Rampage: Capital Punishment (originally titled Rampage: You End Now) is a 2014 action film and a direct sequel to the 2009 film "Rampage". It is directed by Uwe Boll and was released on August 19, 2014. A third film in the series was released in 2016, "".

Immediately after committing his rampage in Tenderville, Oregon, Bill Williamson disappeared and had been living off the grid for years with the money he stole from a bank during the massacre. The video recording of his rants about violent population control had since garnered millions of views and turns Bill into an Internet sensation. In the present day, Bill uses the stolen money to finance yet another killing spree, purchasing a number of weapons, including two fully automatic, military-grade Mk 18 Mod 0 carbines, and constructing homemade explosives. After making final preparations for the killing spree, Bill shaves his head clean, dons his suit of body armor, and sets the interior of his house on fire. He drives to an alleyway and uses its cover to shoot several random pedestrians undetected, before trying to enter a bingo hall, only to leave after finding it is closed.

Bill then travels to a television station in Washington, D.C., where he blows up his car and enters the building. Inside, he shoots the security guard and several employees with the carbines. He then holds the survivors, including news anchorman Chip Parker, hostage and forces them to a basement at gunpoint. He kills one of the hostages when he disregards one of his orders. Bill later gives Chip a disc and instructs him to go upstairs and air the contents of the disc nationwide, then return with a camera crew so they could do a live interview with him. Chip agrees and leaves the basement, where he relays his instructions to the responding police officers. However, while trying to air the disc, he accidentally slips and breaks it. He returns to the basement and tells Bill what had happened, and an agitated Bill gives him a duplicate of the disc.

While Chip is gone, Bill criticizes one of the hostages for her personal life before killing her. He is then confronted by another hostage, who reveals herself to be the sister of one of the people he killed at Tenderville. When she expresses her intent to kill him, Bill forces a reluctant male hostage to beat her. Eventually, the contents of the disc are aired on live television; in it, Bill rants in a video recording about how the current system is flawed and that the U.S. government is manipulating American citizens and events for the sake of wealth. The video ends with Bill appealing to the American people to retaliate violently against politicians and the wealthy in order to restore society. Meanwhile, the officers manage to contact Bill's father with the intention of using him to appeal to Bill.

Chip returns to the basement with a camera crew, including an undercover police officer, and gives Bill a cellphone with his father on the other end. Mr. Williamson tries to appeal to Bill, then reveals his mother died after a car accident, as a result of medication she had been taking for depression following Bill's first killing spree and disappearance. At that moment, Bill becomes suspicious of the undercover officer and kills him, then abruptly ends the conversation with his father. Using hidden security cameras he implanted earlier, he notices SWAT teams converging on the basement and remotely detonates explosives, killing or incapacitating the officers. At Chip's urging, Bill commences with the live interview, during which he becomes more specific about his rants in the disc and also espouses his opinions about killing innocent people. Asked if he regrets not being there when his mother died, he gets visibly upset but replies that his aim is bigger than family, and that it is about the survival of humanity. He then reveals his intention to die along with Chip before shooting him in the arm and releasing the other hostages.

Bill immediately engages a SWAT team in a shootout before fleeing into the building's ventilation system, leaving behind a gas bomb. Just as the SWAT team discovers the bomb, it detonates, destroying the entire station and killing everyone inside, including Chip and the officers. Bill is then shown to be alive and well, watching a report of the station's destruction on his phone. As he does this, he spots a young girl reading a book and criticizes her for reading one telling her she's been brainwashed with lies by the system. Bill then gives her a Beretta 92 pistol and instructs her to use it to kill her parents and then herself before sending her off with a look of satisfaction on his face.


Funds for a third film, entitled "Rampage 3: No Mercy", were being raised by Boll through the crowdfunding website Indiegogo. According to him, the second film didn't garner enough interest to warrant another sequel being funded and he needed the help from crowd funding to complete the trilogy. The goal of the campaign was to raise $100,000 in funding. Boll also noted that even $50,000 in donations will guarantee that the film will be made. However, the campaign failed, raising only $6,375 of the $100,000 goal. Afterwards, Boll restarted his fundraising for the film on Kickstarter with a lowered goal of €50,000. However, with the new campaign not raising enough funding, Boll released two videos on YouTube, ranting against the fanbase and Hollywood as well as announcing that the third film will begin shooting in January 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43619750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43619750" title="Thieves (1977 film)">
Thieves (1977 film)

Thieves is a 1977 American comedy film directed by John Berry, written by Herb Gardner, and starring Marlo Thomas, Charles Grodin and Irwin Corey. It was released on February 11, 1977, by Paramount Pictures. The film was based on Gardner's Broadway play, and has almost the same cast, with the main exception being that Charles Grodin is playing Martin rather than Richard Mulligan, though Grodin directed and produced the play.

School principal Martin Cramer and schoolteacher Sally are a married couple in their 30s who are stuck in a rut. Their Upper East Side apartment is mostly unfurnished five weeks after they moved from Orchard Street because Sally forgot the name of the moving company. Sally wants to bring a juvenile delinquent student of hers named Carlton in to live with them, but Martin reminds her that the boy stole from him the last time they took him in. Sally laments that Martin is no longer the idealistic person he once was. When Sally says it is time they have a child of their own, Martin tells her to go to sleep. A week later, Sally, who is pregnant, initiates divorce proceedings and then leaves to stay with a friend while she considers getting an abortion. Sally phones Gordon, a man she met in the park, and Gordon invites her to his apartment. After a pleasant conversation Gordon reveals he is married with children to a woman who will not give him a divorce and they decide they would be better off as friends. Meanwhile, Martin makes love to a neighbor, Nancy. 

Sally returns home to find that Carlton, who stole keys from the building's doorman Devlin, is stashing stolen goods in the apartment. He offers her the loot in exchange for a passing grade, but Sally offers instead to adopt Carlton if he goes straight. She learns of Martin's fling when she sees Nancy wearing Martin's sweatshirt. Martin returns to the Orchard Street apartment, where Sally eventually remembered sending their valuable antique furniture to, only to find that the current tenant sold the furniture for $40. Drinking a bottle of wine and reminiscing about his first date with Sally when the two broke into a closed Loew's movie theater, Martin breaks into the old theater again where a man named Perez tells him that the theater is now a church. Two police officers arrive to arrest Martin for breaking and entering, but Martin pulls a gun and flees. Sally visits her father Joe and asks him to accompany her to the abortion procedure, but he wants no part of it. After an impassioned speech from Sally about time being the real thief, Joe reveals that Sally was enrolled in school one year early and is 32, not 33 as she thought. He had been saving the "extra year" to give to her as a gift in his will, but decided that this was the day she needed it.

Sally returns to the apartment and finds that her suitcase has been stolen and Devlin is dead. She convinces two neighbors to move his body to a lobby couch while she phones the police. Martin returns and suggests that the two consider their options. Sally begins to leave, but Martin fires his gun in the air three times and says they cannot break up until they decide who is at fault, then begs her to stay. The two kiss and decide to run off hand-in-hand from the sound of police sirens.


Herb Gardner's screenplay for "Thieves" was first realized in 1974 as a Broadway stage production of the same name, financed by Paramount in the hopes of drumming up interest for the film version. John Berry was fired as director five weeks into filming due to "mutual differences" with producer George Barrie. He was replaced by Gardner with Al Viola serving as standby director, but neither were given onscreen credit for directing. 

Richard Eder of "The New York Times" wrote that the film "is like a windup toy whose movements are being forced by a jaded and impatient child. It has some good notions, some good jokes and some good performers. But, with rare interludes, it is wrenched and graceless. It seems to be made for an audience whose humor and emotional receptiveness have gone deaf and astigmatic." Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four and called it "a portrait of unhappy people, people unremittingly sad in a variety of tedious situations." Arthur D. Murphy of "Variety" called it "an unfunny comedy" that was "full of superficial humor which doesn't even conceal the hysteria lying just below the characters' surface ... Only Ann Wedgeworth, as a promiscuous apartment dweller, projects any credibility — quite a lot, in fact, to stand out as the film's best performance." Charles Champlin of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "a movie to be listened to with well-nigh unabashed pleasure. It is a feast of spoken language, a delight of dialogue." Gary Arnold of "The Washington Post" wrote, "Although Gardner reaches for fancy, even heartrending, rhetorical effects, he lacks the lyric of social vision necessary to create something touching or pertinent out of lonely, disillusioned Nice People." Kaspars Dzeguze wrote in "Maclean's", "When a producer's first film goes through the roof with success, it's not surprising that he should look for a sequel. That's one way of explaining why George Barrie, who made the witty and urbane "A Touch of Class", would bother with something as hand-me-down and derivative as "Thieves"."



</doc>
<doc id="43620710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43620710" title="Samba (2014 film)">
Samba (2014 film)

Samba is a 2014 French comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Olivier Nakache and Éric Toledano. It is the second collaboration between Sy and directors Nakache and Toledano after 2012's "The Intouchables".

The film premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival on 7 September 2014. It had a theatrical release on 15 October 2014 in France, before having a limited theatrical release on 24 July 2015 in the United States.

Samba Cissé (Omar Sy), a migrant from Senegal to France, works as a dish washer in a hotel. After a bureaucratic slip-up lands him in a detention, he is ordered to leave France. With the help of a businesswoman (Charlotte Gainsbourg), he fights to stay in France.


Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 61% based on 66 reviews and an average score of 5.9/10. The site's critical consensus reads ""Samba" isn't the finest effort from directors Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano, but the film's shortcomings are partly balanced by its big heart and talented cast." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 based on reviews from mainstream critics, the film has a score of 53 based on 22 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Peter Debruge of "Variety" called the film "A highly polished, widely appealing big-budget French movie." He praised Omar Sy's performance in the film that "Sy’s position as one of France’s most magnetic screen personalities, even more compelling to watch in serious scenes than in the obligatory comedic bits." Sam Woolf gave the film a positive review in "We Got This Covered", saying that "The immigrant's struggle is brought to pulsating life in Samba, which works best as an affecting and amusing star vehicle for Omar Sy."

However, Jordan Mintzer of "The Hollywood Reporter" criticized the film's plot: "The film's message is lost amid too many plot contrivances." He concluded that it's "another crowdpleasing social dramedy from the makers of ""Intouchables"," though one that wears out its welcome without bringing its message home." Mark Adams from Screen International in his review said that it is a "well-meaning and occasionally joyous film that is ultimately too scattershot in its format and tone to really work."



</doc>
<doc id="43629473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43629473" title="Seinfeld: A XXX Parody">
Seinfeld: A XXX Parody

Seinfeld: A XXX Parody is a 2009 porn that parodies the series "Seinfeld" which ran from 1989 until 1998. Like other porn parodies, it has the same characters, settings and other production elements of the original show but adds an explicitly sexual element that was not present in the series. Written by A.J. Slater and directed by Lee Roy Myers, the plot is based on the episode "The Soup Nazi". The film stars James Deen, Kristina Rose, Eric John, Steve Pomerantz, Evan Stone, Ashlynn Brooke, London Keyes, Natalie Horton, Tony Disergio, Sasha Grey, Sadie West and Cassandra Calogera. Released to DVD on June 29, 2009, the movie received positive reviews from critics, who enjoyed the acting, casting, sexual content and comedy. In addition to the positive reception, it also earned ten nominations at the 27th AVN Awards.

Like most episodes of the original show, "Seinfeld: A XXX Parody" opens with a stand-up sequence from Gerry (James Deen) about pornography. The film then cuts into a XXX video store, where Gerry and Elania (Kristina Rose) are attempting to purchase porn from a man known as “The Porn Nazi” (Evan Stone). Gerry manages to buy a movie from the guy, but Elania is unsuccessful due to her behavior towards him. At Gerry's apartment, Gerry is watching the film he bought, and he and Elania have sex. In the next scene at the apartment with Gerry and Gorge (Steve Pomerants), Crammer (Eric John) comes in saying he is unable to masturbate to his old porn movies he owns. Being dissatisfied, Crammer decides to make his own porn. When he exits the scene, Gerry complains about a girl who has a crush on him, Regina (Ashlynn Brooke), because she orgasms too easily, and Gorge rants about getting married to Suzanne (Natalie Norton) in less than a month, reasoning that "the pope gets more pussy than I do." Gerry suggests Gorge to spice up their love life.

Back at the video store, Elania makes another try at getting a porn video, but the Porn Nazi recognizes her and she fails again. The woman who works next to the man at the counter (London Keyes) is also having problems with him, and she goes in the back room with Elania. The former offers to give Elania the Nazi's secret distributor if she'll make out with her, which the latter accepts. Meanwhile, Crammer is getting food from a picnic table when he happens to stumble upon a porn shoot between Sasha Grey and Sadie West. The camera man mistakenly takes Crammer as the actor who is going to be in the scene, which he joins. Back at Gerry's apartment, Crammer is shooting his own porn with Suzanne and a guy named Buck (Tony Disergio). The next scene, Gerry and Regina are watching TV at the apartment, and after Regina is getting turned on from looking at the newscasters, he decides to let her know that he cannot take her orgasms anymore. She leaves, and Noman (J. Walker) enters the room to get the tape Crammer shot so he can deliver it to Gorge.

Noman encounters Regina in the stairwell, picks her up and goes to the store with her. Upon their arrival, the Porn Nazi sees the tape in the hands of Noman, dropping the tape and then running away. Regina starts humping the Porn Nazi and they go into the back room to have sex. Back in the front room, Gerry and Crammer wait in line. Noman and Regina then enter the front room, and Gorge enters with Suzanne. The four all find the video playing on the store's television, causing a four-way argument and the four to exit the store. Elania enters the store and tells the Nazi that he has the list of new releases from his secret distributor. The film ends with another stand-up bit from Gerry about fake boobs, and Sandra (Cassandra Calogera) is up on stage showing Gerry that her boobs are real. He is seen playing with her breasts for the remainder of the movie.


"Seinfeld: A XXX Parody" was written by A.J. Slater and directed by Lee Roy Myers. Filming began on April 10, 2009 in San Fernando Valley. In an interview, Myers said that he thought the sets and performances were exactly like the original show, saying that "people will be shocked." He said their goal was to "do an episode as if there was sex in the episode." The cast members said that they spent lots of time watching the original show and studying the original characters they were going to impersonate in preparing to act for the movie.

"Seinfeld: A XXX Parody" was released on region-free DVD on June 27, 2009. The DVD release has several special features including a bonus scene with Eric John and Shawna Leene, a behind-the-scenes featurette, photo gallery, outtakes, "Gerry's Joke-a-rama" and trailers.

Critical reviews of "Seinfeld: A XXX Parody" were positive. Peter Warren of "Adult Video News" gave it a critical rating of "AAAA", praising the sex scenes and cast of characters. Sarah Schneider of Splitsider called it "great", noting she enjoyed the impressions of the characters and the complex story. "TLA Video" writer Spock Buckton gave the film four stars, writing that "In a year of shitty parodies that were about as funny as a dick chancre, Seinfeld stood out like a sore thumb... you know, in a good way!" XCritic's Don Houston awarded it a 3-star rating, calling it his favorite movie by Lee Roy Myers.

A sequel, "Seinfeld: A XXX Parody 2", was made and released by New Sensations in 2010. In this sequel, Crammer, Gorge, Elaina and Gerry challenge themselves on who will last the longest without having sex. It earned five nominations at the 2011 28th AVN Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="43629770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43629770" title="In the Name of the King 3: The Last Mission">
In the Name of the King 3: The Last Mission

In The Name of the King 3: The Last Mission is a 2013 Canadian-American action fantasy film co-produced and directed by Uwe Boll. Starring Dominic Purcell, it is the third entry in the series, and the sequel to 2011's "".

Hazen Kaine (Dominic Purcell) is a ruthless modern-day assassin, wanting out, and determined to quit the business after carrying out one last job involving a European royal family; kidnapping the two daughters. Hazen easily completes this task, and locks the two girls in a connex box and discovers that one of the girls is wearing a necklace with a charm that looks similar to a tattoo he has and takes the charm from the young girl, which opens a portal to the Middle Ages.

Once there Hazen soon gains his bearing and realizes quickly that a village before him is being attacked by a dragon. Hazen runs to the village when he see that the dragon has noticed him and now attacks him too. He uses his pistol to fire at the dragon. When two sisters Arabella (Ralitsa Paskaleva), and Emeline (Daria Simeonova) notice this, they call to him and bring him into their home for safety. The sisters soon take him to their shaman where he finds out he was chosen to return to the Middle Ages and bring back order to a kingdom in chaos.

Hazen comes to realize that he must stand against the evil King Tervon (Marian Valev), who has seized the kingdom for himself. He and the sisters form an army and head for Tervon's castle, but are ambushed by the king's armies. After a serious battle Hazen faces and easily defeats Tervon in a duel. It is also revealed the dragon which attacked the village earlier is actually controlled by Tervon, who calls upon it to make his escape when he is defeated in the duel against Hazen. Now Hazen finds himself up against an evil king, his armies, and the dragon he controls as Hazen now realizes he must fight on the side of good. He and Arabella finally reach Tervon's castle and Hazen defeats and kills him with ease.

Arabella tells him he must save the girls he locked in the connex box. Hazen returns to his time, but the dragon now under no ones control follows him trying to kill him. The men who hired him are trying to kill him as well. He finds the man who hired him holding the girls at gunpoint. He fights the remaining henchmen and one of them is carried off by the dragon, which heads off some place unknown. Hazen returns the girls home, and their father allows him to leave unharmed; to which Hazen thanks him in return and walks off. In the final shot, the dragon is seen flying overhead in the background.



</doc>
<doc id="43633622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43633622" title="The Visit (2015 American film)">
The Visit (2015 American film)

The Visit is a 2015 American found footage horror film written, co-produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Olivia DeJonge, Ed Oxenbould, Deanna Dunagan, Peter McRobbie, and Kathryn Hahn. The film centers around teenage Becca and her younger brother Tyler who live with their single mother, that left home 15 years ago and is estranged from her parents. After finding their grandchildren online and wanting to meet them, the grandparents invite them to spend a week at their farm, while their mother goes off with her boyfriend. Aspiring filmmaker Becca and her brother Tyler decide to go, and Becca decides to make a documentary of their visit. Strange behaviors and dark, disturbing secrets soon emerge.

The film was released in North America on September 11, 2015, by Universal Pictures. It received generally positive reviews, grossing $98.5 million worldwide, and received a 67% approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes.

Two siblings from Philadelphia, 15-year-old Becca and 13-year-old Tyler, prepare for a five-day visit with their grandparents while their divorced mother Loretta goes on a cruise with her boyfriend. Loretta reveals that she has not spoken to her parents in 15 years after marrying her high-school teacher, of whom her parents disapproved. Having never met their grandparents, the teens plan to record a documentary film about their visit using a camcorder.

Becca and Tyler meet their grandparents, referred to as "Nana" and "Pop Pop," at a train station. When they arrive at their isolated farmhouse, Becca and Tyler are instructed to never go into the basement because it contains mold, and that bedtime is at 9:30 every evening, after which they shouldn't leave their room. The first night, an hour past curfew, Becca ventures downstairs for something to eat and sees Nana projectile vomiting all over the house, which frightens her. She tells Pop Pop, who dismisses it as Nana having the stomach flu. He then reminds her not to leave their bedroom after 9:30 pm.

Over the next few days, Becca and Tyler notice their grandparents exhibiting more peculiar and disturbing behavior. Tyler walks into Pop Pop's shed and finds a large pile of soiled adult diapers. Becca asks Nana about the day Loretta left home, and Nana begins to shake and scream. Later, Pop Pop and Nana are confronted by a woman they helped in counseling, and she goes into the backyard with them but is never seen leaving. Concerned about the events, Tyler decides to secretly film what happens downstairs at night, but Nana discovers the hidden camera, retrieves a large knife, and tries unsuccessfully to break into the children's locked bedroom.

When Becca and Tyler view the camera footage of Nana with the knife, they contact Loretta and beg her to come get them. They show her the parents while they were outside, and she panics and says they are not her parents. Realizing that they have been with strangers all week, the teenagers try to leave the house, but Nana and Pop Pop trap them inside and force them to play Yahtzee. Later, Becca sneaks into the basement and finds the corpses of her real grandparents, along with uniforms from the mental hospital at which they worked, revealing the impostors as escaped patients. Pop Pop grabs Becca and imprisons her in his bedroom with Nana, who tries to attack her in a psychotic fit. He then torments Tyler psychologically by smearing his face with his dirty diaper. Becca fatally stabs Nana with a glass shard from a broken mirror, then runs into the kitchen and attacks Pop Pop. As Pop Pop starts to gain the upper hand, Tyler knocks him to the floor and kills him by repeatedly slamming his head in the refrigerator. The teens escape outside unharmed, where they are met by their mother and police officers.

In the aftermath, Becca asks Loretta about what happened the day she left home 15 years ago. Loretta states that she had a major argument with her parents, during which she hit her mother and was then struck by her father. Loretta then left home and ignored their attempts to contact her. Loretta concludes that reconciliation was always possible had she wanted it. She then tells Becca not to hold on to anger over her father's abandonment of her.


Filming began on February 19, 2014, under the preliminary title "Sundowning". Sundowning is the increased restlessness and confusion of some dementia patients during the afternoon and evening. M. Night Shyamalan's Blinding Edge Pictures was the production company, with Shyamalan and Marc Bienstock producing, and Steven Schneider and Ashwin Rajan as executive producers. Later on, producer Jason Blum and his company Blumhouse Productions were included in the credits. Although thousands of American children were auditioned for the film's two lead roles of Becca and Tyler, in what Shyamalan later characterized as a "total fluke", he eventually selected a pair of relatively unknown Australian juvenile actors, Olivia DeJonge and Ed Oxenbould, to portray the film's dual Philadelphia-native teenage protagonists.

Shyamalan admitted that he had trouble keeping the tone for the film consistent during the editing phase, telling Bloody Disgusting that the first cut of the film resembled an art house film more than a horror film. A second cut went in the opposite direction and the film became a comedy. He eventually struck a middle balance and cut the film as a thriller, which, according to him, helped tie the different elements together as they "could stay in service of the movie".

There is no film score for most of the film, as is common for found footage films. Paul Cantelon is credited for "epilogue theme". A few songs are heard during the film.

Universal began "The Visit"s theatrical wide release in the United States on September 11, 2015. On April 17, 2015, the first official trailer was released to theaters, attached to the film "Unfriended", and it was released online later that week. The film premiered in the Republic of Ireland on August 30, 2015, in a special screening that was attended by Shyamalan.

"The Visit" was released on Blu-ray and DVD on January 5, 2016.

"The Visit" grossed over $65.2 million in the United States and Canada and over $33.2 million in other territories for a worldwide total of over $98.4 million, against a budget of $5 million.

The film grossed $25.4 million in its opening weekend, finishing second at the box office behind "The Perfect Guy" by just $460,000.

"The Visit" received mixed reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 67%, based on 224 reviews, with an average rating of 5.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Visit" provides horror fans with a satisfying blend of thrills and laughs – and also signals a welcome return-to-form for writer-director M. Night Shyamalan." On Metacritic the film has a score of 55 out of 100 based on 34 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B-" on an A+ to F scale.

Scott Mendelson from "Forbes" called Shyamalan's film a "deliciously creepy and funny little triumph". He also wrote, ""The Visit" is the one we've been waiting for, folks. It's good. Oh my word, is it good. But more importantly, it is excellent in that specific way that reminds us why M. Night Shyamalan was once such a marvel. It is richly humanistic, filled with individually sketched characters that often sparkle with wit and surprising decency." In "The New York Times", Manohla Dargis described the film as "an amusingly-grim fairy tale". Shyamalan has gone back to basics, "with a stripped-down story and scale, a largely-unknown (excellent) cast and one of those classically-tinged tales of child peril that have reliably spooked audiences for generations". She, along with other critics, saw the film as a modern-day version of the classic fairytale Hansel and Gretel.

In his column for "The Observer", Mark Kermode panned the film, saying it may be worse than "Lady in the Water". He wrote, "Is it meant to be a horror film? Or a comedy? The publicity calls it 'an original thriller' but it is neither of those things. Only 'endurance test' adequately describes the ill-judged shenanigans that ensue." Mike McCahill gave the film one star (out of five) in his review for "The Guardian", and said it was "dull, derivative and flatly unscary."



</doc>
<doc id="43633678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43633678" title="Lovelines (film)">
Lovelines (film)

Lovelines is a 1984 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau and written by Chip Hand and William Byron Hillman. The film stars Greg Bradford, Mary Beth Evans, Michael Winslow, Don Michael Paul and Tammy Taylor. The film was released on November 2, 1984. by TriStar Pictures.

The annual battle of the bands is raging. Two rival high schools, Malibu High School and "Coldwater Canyon High", have two hot bands; The Firecats and Racer. When the lead singers of both bands, Piper (Mary Beth Evans) and Rick (Greg Bradford), meet, they fall in love with each other and have to fight realities such as peer pressure, the fact they attend rival high schools and even Piper's older brother, Godzilla (Frank Zagarino), try to stop their love from getting stronger. The telephone service called "Lovelines", run by J.D. Prescott (Michael Winslow), is right in the middle to help the two stay in love with each other and is also sponsoring the annual battle of the bands where their bands are competing with each other. It all comes down to a masquerade party where everyone from both schools learn that true love does indeed conquer all.




</doc>
<doc id="43636974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43636974" title="Blame It on the Night">
Blame It on the Night

Blame It on the Night is a 1984 American drama film directed by Gene Taft and written by Len Jenkin. The film stars Nick Mancuso, Byron Thames, Leslie Ackerman and Richard Bakalyan. The film was released on November 2, 1984, by TriStar Pictures.

Job Dalton is the illegitimate son of star rocker Chris Dalton. He is attending a military school when he receives the sad news that his mother has died. Chris is on tour when the news of the death of Job's mother reaches him. A bit bored with his life and desiring to gain a relationship with his son, he decides to bring the boy on tour with him. To Job, who has only heard his mother's version of their relationship, and who views the military school as home, and aspires to a military career, his father's life and career are as foreign as life on Mars.

What follows are lessons for both as Chris learns how to set limits, how to talk (and listen to) a teenager; and Job learns how to loosen up and enjoy life. They clash frequently on their way to understanding each other, but the denouement in the desert is moving and leaves the viewer feeling they're on the right track.


</doc>
<doc id="43638137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43638137" title="Winter in the Blood (film)">
Winter in the Blood (film)

Winter in the Blood is a 2013 American film written and directed by brothers Alex Smith and Andrew J. Smith and produced by Native American author Sherman Alexie. The film was based on the debut novel "Winter in the Blood" (1974) by noted author James Welch, who was a leader of the Native American renaissance in literature.

The film is set in Montana. In what has been called "a tale of simple, raw struggle and survival among a small-town Native American community", Virgil First Raise, a Native American, returns home after waking drunk in a ditch to find that his wife, Agnes, has left him. He sets out on an odyssey to find her.


Mark Olsen of the "Los Angeles Times" said the film is concerned with memory and regret and it "feels boldly unburdened by many of the rules of structure and conventional storytelling." It has moments that are "unexpectedly arresting and little jabs of poetic meaning or hard-earned truths reel a viewer back in."

Jeannette Catsoulis of "The New York Times" said the film had compassion for the "wounds of childhood" and the "trap of ethnicity." She praised the work of the cinematographer Paula Huidobro, noting that she captured the expanse of the Montana plains and big sky while having "cross-fades [that] parallel the ebb and flow of Virgil’s memories and hallucinations." 

The film was an Official Selection at the 2013 Los Angeles, Austin, and American Indian film festivals.



</doc>
<doc id="43638972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43638972" title="Quarantined (film)">
Quarantined (film)

Quarantined is a 1970 American made-for-television drama film starring Gary Collins, John Dehner, Gordon Pinsent, Susan Howard and Dan Ferrone. It was aired on February 24, 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space.

A group of doctors operating a medical clinic suddenly find themselves in a crisis that threatens to turn into an epidemic. 



</doc>
<doc id="43640889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43640889" title="Another Me (film)">
Another Me (film)

Another Me () is a 2013 psychological thriller drama film directed by Isabel Coixet and starring Sophie Turner, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Claire Forlani, Rhys Ifans, and Gregg Sulkin. It is based on the novel of the same name by Catherine MacPhail. The film had its world premiere at the Rome Film Festival on 15 November 2013. The film was released in Spain on 27 June 2014 and in the United States on 22 August 2014.

While on vacation, Fay's father (Rhys Ifans) is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Returning to school, Fay (Sophie Turner) is cast in the school production of "Macbeth" as Lady Macbeth alongside Drew (Gregg Sulkin), a boy whom she likes. During the first rehearsal, Fay is nervous and keeps forgetting her lines. Her teacher, John (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) advises her to look at Roman Polanski's 1971 version of "Macbeth" for inspiration. Fay goes to the school library to pick up a copy and, while there, is terrified as lights begin to flicker on and off. She hears the sound of someone chasing her. Shortly after she runs off, she is found by a group of her friends who have seen and heard nothing.

Fay begins to see a girl who looks similar to her, passing by the street. When her mother goes out, telling the family she is going out with friends, Fay sees her getting into a car and kissing a man who is not her father, while a girl who looks like Fay approaches the car. Later a neighbour tells Fay that she saw her walking down the stairs of their building. When Fay denies it was her, her neighbour says that she would never mistake Fay for anyone else because of her distinctive long red hair. Fay chases after the girl but finds no one. Returning home, she cuts her hair into a misshapen bob. At school, Fay frightens her friends by insisting that she is being stalked by a Doppelgänger who her friends suggest may be her understudy and rival Monica who similarly has long red hair. After her mother picks her up from school, Fay confesses her paranoia about being stalked by a twin, and her mother admits that Fay was a twin but that she had a late-term miscarriage with her sister, Lila.

After a successful rehearsal, Fay goes on a date with Drew. Returning home, she finds her father collapsed on the floor. Helping him into his wheelchair, she sees that he had been looking at a sonogram of her and her sister. In school the next day, Fay sees her drama teacher, John, pulling into the parking lot and recognizes his car as the one belonging to the man she saw her mother kissing. When he approaches her later to ask why she never waved back to him earlier that morning in the school playground, Fay denies ever being there and suspects it is the double she has been seeing around.

In the school courtyard, she sees that Monica has cut her hair in a direct imitation of her hairstyle and attacks her, believing that she is impersonating her. In the principal's office when Fay accuses Monica of impersonating her, the principal (Leonor Watling) informs her that it couldn't have been her in the schoolyard as she came in early. Fay proceeds to grab scissors and cut her hand in order to create a distinctive scar so that people will be able to differentiate between her and her double.

When her mother picks her up from school, she confronts her about the affair she is having, and her mother promises to break it off. Drew then comes to visit her, and the two kiss. For a brief while Fay is content as her double disappears, and her parents seem more reconciled. She and Drew grow closer and have sex. However, after her father receives bad medical news, her mother reconciles with John. Walking home with Drew, Fay sees John's car smashed into a tree and the police officer on the scene tells her that a girl threw a rock at his car window, causing him to have an accident but her mother escaped uninjured. Fay believes that her twin attacked the car. Fay decides to take the day off from school and goes to visit John in the hospital. The next day at school Drew thanks Fay for a post coital picture of them he found in his locker. During rehearsals the principal, taking over for John tells Fay to say the lines the same way she did the day before. When Fay tells her she wasn't there, everyone tells her they saw her there.

Fay runs home where she tells her father she's going crazy, and he tells her that on the contrary he too can see her twin sister Lila. He warns her not to look Lila in the face as it will end her life. Fay goes to the underpass near her home and calls out to Lila asking her to leave the family alone and apologizing for her death. Lila instead orders her to look at her, and Fay does. Returning home from the underpass, Fay sees an ambulance and learns that her father tried to follow her to prevent her from seeing Lila and died when a faulty elevator crashed. She and her mother embrace.

Sometime later, it is the opening night of Macbeth. Backstage Fay's mother hugs her and tells her father would be proud of her. Fay stares into the mirror and then peels off the bandage on her hand revealing that she does not have the distinctive injury Fay gave herself and is actually Lila. She smiles in the mirror and leaves to perform the play; however, the image of Fay remains, stuck in the mirror.


Coixet said that she had a difficult time working with Jonathan Rhys Meyers and would never want to work with him again.

Sophie Turner said she was drawn to the role because she too had lost a twin in utero.

The first trailer was released on 23 July 2014.

The film had its world premiere at the Rome Film Festival in Italy on 15 November 2013. The film was released in Spain on 27 June 2014. and in the United States on 22 August 2014. The film was also released in Germany on 4 September 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="43641168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43641168" title="Drive-In (film)">
Drive-In (film)

Drive-In is a 1976 American comedy film directed by Rod Amateau and written by Bob Peete. The film stars Lisa Lemole, Gary Lee Cavagnaro, Glenn Morshower, Billy Milliken, Lee Newsom and Regan Kee. The film was released on May 26, 1976, by Columbia Pictures.

"Disaster '76", the latest disaster film, is playing at The Alamo, a drive-in theater in a small Texas town. The night brings together a young couple, two rival youth gangs, a pair of thieves planning to rob the drive-in, a nervous doctor and a host of other characters.


Lawrence Van Gelder of "The New York Times" wrote, "'Drive-In' possesses the virtue of fresh faces, the drawback of uneven acting, the irritation of occasional overwriting and the limited appeal of what is basically a juvenile story." Arthur D. Murphy of "Variety" called the film an "easy-going and likeable George Litto production. Rod Amateau's direction of Bob Peete's script turns the liabilities of low-budget production and largely unknown performers into creative assets by virtue of the simplicity and sincerity of the results." Gene Siskel of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two stars out of four, describing the humor as insult comedy typical of TV shows like "Hee Haw" and expressing his wish that "the script of 'Drive-In' had been trashed and 'Disaster '76' had been fully made instead." Kevin Thomas of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "a shrewdly made exploitation picture, undoubtedly indebted to 'American Graffiti' but played very, very broadly to reach the most unsophisticated of audiences. Yet as corny as it so often gets, it's consistently funny."


</doc>
<doc id="43643947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43643947" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows is a 2016 American superhero film based on the fictional superhero team the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. It is the sixth film in the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" film series, the second and final film in the reboot series and a sequel to the 2014 film "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". The film was directed by Dave Green, written by Josh Appelbaum and André Nemec and stars Megan Fox, Stephen Amell, Will Arnett, Laura Linney, Brian Tee, Brittany Ishibashi and Tyler Perry and featuring the voices of Pete Ploszek, Alan Ritchson, Noel Fisher, Jeremy Howard, Tony Shalhoub, Gary Anthony Williams, Sheamus, and Brad Garrett.

Principal photography on the film began on April 27, 2015, in New York City. It was released on June 3, 2016, in 3D, RealD 3D, 4DX and in IMAX 3D. It received mixed reviews from critics, being considered by many an improvement over its predecessor, but was not as successful, grossing $245 million against a $135 million budget, resulting in a planned third film being scrapped. A reboot of the film series was later announced in 2018.

Two years after stopping Shredder, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles are informed by April O'Neil that scientist Baxter Stockman is working for Shredder and plans to bust him out of prison. As the Shredder is transferred between prisons alongside Bebop and Rocksteady by corrections officer Casey Jones, the Foot Clan attack their convoy. Despite the turtles' interference, Shredder escapes when Stockman uses a teleportation device. Shredder is hijacked mid-teleport, winds up in another dimension, and meets the alien warlord Krang, who reveals his plans to invade Earth. He gives Shredder a mutagenic compound in exchange of finding three components of a machine that Krang sent to Earth long ago which will open a portal to his dimension when united, as Shredder and Stockman have the first piece. Casey tells NYPD chief Rebecca Vincent what happened to Shredder, but is met with disbelief, and decides to go on his own.

Shredder recruits Bebop and Rocksteady, and Stockman uses Krang's mutagen to transform them into a humanoid warthog and rhinoceros, respectively. April witnesses their transformation and steals the remaining mutagen vial. Pursued by the Foot, she is rescued by Casey, who later meets the turtles, but the vial is taken into police custody. In the lair, Donatello deduces that the mutagen could be used to turn the turtles into humans, but Leonardo refuses and orders to keep it a secret from the others. However, Michelangelo overhears and tells Raphael, which enrages Raphael and leads to a fierce argument between him and Leo. Raph then recruits Mikey, April, Casey, and Vern Fenwick to break into the NYPD headquarters and retrieve the mutagen, but the Foot arrive ahead of them. In the ensuing battle, the turtles' existence is revealed to the police, who start a manhunt for them, and April and Casey are arrested while helping the brothers escape with the mutagen.

After recovering the second component of the machine, Bebop and Rocksteady go to the rainforests of Manaus, Brazil, for the final component. The turtles follow them and board Bebop and Rocksteady's jet in midair. In the resulting battle, the jet is critically damaged after Rocksteady fires a tank-mounted Mark 19 grenade launcher, and crashes into a river, though Bebop and Rocksteady are ultimately able to escape with the component. Shredder and Stockman complete the device and open a portal to Krang's dimension through which his war machine, the Technodrome, begins to emerge. Shredder betrays Stockman and his men take him to their headquarters in Tokyo. When entering the Technodrome, Krang likewise betrays Shredder, freezing him and locking him with his collection of other defeated foes.

Unable to reach the Technodrome as the police pursue them, the turtles debate over taking the mutagen to become human and fight openly. While Leonardo agrees, Raph shatters the vial. Upon April's request, Vern recovers the security footage from a hidden TCRI camera that proves Stockman and the Shredder's collaboration and secures April and Casey's release. April arranges a meeting between the turtles and Vincent, and convinces her that they are not enemies. With the help of the police, the turtles are able to jump from the Chrysler Building and confront Krang aboard the still-assembling Technodrome. Krang was defeated when Donnie short circuits the robotics body. April, Casey and Vern raid the Foot Clan facility, defeat Bebop, Rocksteady and the Shredder's lieutenant Karai and take control of the device. The turtles are able to hurl the ship's beacon back through the portal, taking Krang and the rest of the Technodrome with it, as April, Casey, and Vern shut the portal down.

Bebop and Rocksteady are back in custody, while Stockman remains at large. The turtles are honored by Vincent and the NYPD along with April, Casey, and Vern. Vincent offers to introduce the turtles to the public, but the turtles opt to keep their existence a secret while still helping as they always have. On top of the Statue of Liberty, the turtles celebrate their victory over the vanquished Krang.



Dean Winters appears as a bartender. Supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio has a cameo appearance. NBA players Carmelo Anthony, DeAndre Jordan, Lou Amundson, J. J. Redick, Austin Rivers, Matt Barnes, and Spencer Hawes also made cameos in the film. Series co-creator Kevin Eastman makes a cameo appearance as a pizza delivery man named after himself in the film's opening. Jill Martin also made a cameo appearance in the basketball scene in the film. Judith Hoag, who previously played April O'Neil in the 1990 film, appeared in a cameo as Rita, April's boss, in a deleted scene. Jane Wu plays Jade, a police officer.

After the 2014 film exceeded box office expectations, Paramount and Nickelodeon officially announced a sequel was greenlit, and set to be released in theatres on June 3, 2016, with plans to incorporate the characters Casey Jones and Bebop and Rocksteady. Jonathan Liebesman and Bradley Fuller were also interested in doing a storyline that involved Dimension X and Krang. In December 2014, it was revealed Paramount was in early negotiations with "Earth to Echo" director Dave Green to helm the sequel, also revealing Jonathan Liebesman was no longer a part of the project. Known briefly as "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Half Shell", Paramount revealed in December 2015 that the title had officially been changed to "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows".

Megan Fox and Will Arnett were confirmed to be returning as April O'Neil and Vern Fenwick respectively; also confirmed were the Shredder's return, and Bebop and Rocksteady debut in the movie. In an interview, William Fichtner stated that he would be returning as Eric Sacks, but for unknown reasons, he ultimately did not appear in the final film. However, he could return in the third installment, considering he (along with the turtle actors, Noel Fisher, Jeremy Howard, Alan Ritchson and Pete Ploszek) signed on for three TMNT films. Production was confirmed to start in April 2015, along with the casting of Alessandra Ambrosio, and several members of the Los Angeles Clippers. On March 31, Stephen Amell was cast as Casey Jones, after test reading alongside several different actors. Amell acknowledged the character bore similarities to his Oliver Queen from "Arrow". He stated the characters are "fundamentally different" from one another, but that Casey did resemble Oliver from older versions. On April 23, Tyler Perry was cast as scientist Baxter Stockman, replacing K. Todd Freeman, who played the role in the 2014 film. On April 27, Brian Tee joined the cast as the Shredder, replacing Tohoru Masamune from the first film. On April 30, Laura Linney was cast in an unspecified role. On May 14, Gary Anthony Williams was cast as Bebop, while on May 28, WWE wrestler Sheamus was confirmed to play Rocksteady. On May 27, Minae Noji was replaced with Brittany Ishibashi in the role of Karai. In August 2015, CM Punk revealed that he lost the role of Rocksteady to Sheamus. In March 2016, it was announced that Fred Armisen would voice Krang in the film. However, in May 2016, shortly before the film's release, it was revealed that Brad Garrett would voice Krang instead due to Armisen having schedule conflicts. In April 2016, while promoting "Elvis & Nixon", Johnny Knoxville revealed that he was not asked to return for the sequel as the voice of Leonardo.

On April 2, 2016, Steve Jablonsky revealed that he would compose the music score, replacing Brian Tyler from the first film. Mexican teen boy band CD9 performed an updated version of the original show's theme song for the film. The film score soundtrack was released on June 3, 2016, on digital platforms but excluded compact discs.

Filming began in April in New York City and Buffalo, spending about $70 million in the state. Filming began on April 27, 2015, when the film crew was spotted filming in Midtown Manhattan and moved out to Foz do Iguaçu, Brazil. Filming in Buffalo began on May 4, 2015, along the Kensington Expressway and ended May 17, 2015. Filming wrapped up in August 2015. Additional filming occurred in New York City on January 30, and ended on February 1. Farelly and Williams recorded additional dialogue for the film in February 2016.

The film premiered in New York City on May 22, 2016, and was released in the United Kingdom on May 30, 2016, and the United States on June 3, 2016.

Concept art of Bebop and Rocksteady was shown at Paramount Pictures’ CinemaCon panel on April 22, 2015. A 14-second teaser of the trailer was released by Stephen Amell on December 9, 2015. The full trailer debuted the following day. On January 5, 2016, a toy catalog for the film was leaked online. The toys debuted at the 2016 Toy Fair in February. A 30-second TV spot premiered at the 2016 Super Bowl 50 on February 7, 2016. A 7-second sneak preview of the TV spot was released three days prior. On February 12, 2016, a second TV spot was released. On February 17, 2016, Paramount released four character posters featuring the four turtles. On February 25, 2016, Megan Fox and Stephen Amell announced a sweepstakes for the film. On March 2, 2016, Paramount released four more ninja turtle posters.

Will Arnett debuted the first official clip from the film at the 2016 Kids' Choice Awards, on March 12, 2016. That same evening, the awards show and Brian Tee gave fans the first look at Shredder in full armor. On March 24, 2016, it was announced that the toys from the film will be released in stores in April. The following day, Paramount released two more Bebop and Rocksteady posters and a new trailer from the film. New footage of the film was also shown during that week at WonderCon. On April 1, 2016, another Bebop and Rocksteady poster was released. On April 8, 2016, another teaser trailer was released. Another trailer with brand new footage debuted on April 11, 2016, along with a new poster. Two new TV spots were released on April 18, 2016. The next day, another TV spot was released. Two days later, another TV spot debuted. On May 3, 2016, another trailer debuted. From May 12–16, 2016, six new TV spots debuted. On May 19, 2016, Paramount debuted two additional TV spots. The final full trailer for the film was released the following day. Paramount released a trailer, which focused primarily on Bebop and Rocksteady, on May 26, 2016, which also aired during the May 30th episode of "WWE Raw" since Sheamus was in the film as Rocksteady. Four new TV spots then debuted from May 28–30, 2016.

"Out of the Shadows" was released on Digital HD on September 6, 2016, and on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D and DVD on September 20, 2016. The film debuted in first place on the overall home video sales chart and in second place on the Blu-ray sales chart for the week ending on September 25, 2016.

"Out of the Shadows" grossed $82.1 million in the United States and Canada and $163.6 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $245.6 million, against its production budget of $135 million. It made around 50% less than its predecessor, which had grossed $493 million. In October 2016, in response to the film's poor commercial performance, producers Andrew Form and Brad Fuller said they loved the movie, and they loved making the movie, but they were surprised by the film's performance and "it just didn’t find an audience. We really don’t know why." "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated the film lost the studio at least $75 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In the U.S. and Canada, the film was projected to gross around $30–40 million from 4,071 theaters in its opening weekend, with some estimates going as high as $49 million. It received a one-week special run across 331 IMAX and IMAX 3D theaters from June 2 up to June 9. The film made $2 million from Thursday night previews which began at 5 p.m., compared to the first film's $4.6 million. On its opening day it earned $12.5 million (including previews), with $4.4 million (36%) coming from 3D showings. In its opening weekend, it grossed $35.3 million, finishing first at the box office. However, its opening was down 45% from the first film's $65.6 million debut. Paramount vice chairman Rob Moore said that while the studio was hoping for a stronger opening, he believed that the film could make up some ground in the coming weeks since most films aimed at younger audiences play at better multiples.

Outside North America, the film was released in about 30 overseas IMAX markets, beginning Wednesday, June 1, with additional markets throughout the summer, including China on July 2. It opened across 40 markets the same weekend as its U.S. release, including big markets like the United Kingdom, Mexico and Russia, which is about 39% of its total international marketplace, and was projected to make around $36 million. It ended up grossing $33 million, which is down 11% when compared to the first film's same suite of markets, and had No. 1 debuts in 21 markets out of the 40. The top openings were in China ($26.1 million), the UK ($5.1 million), Russia ($4.8 million) and Mexico ($4.5 million). In the United Kingdom, it came in second place – behind "Warcraft" – with a £3.49 million ($5 million) seven-day opening from 513 theaters.

In China the film was granted a rare July release date (along with "The Legend of Tarzan", where it grossed an estimated $26.1 million from 6,600 screens in two days. It had a limited opening on Friday, July 1 and opened wide the following day. It faced competition from local film "Bounty Hunters" which had the advantage of opening wide right from Friday. Yet, "Out of the Shadows" emerged victorious at the end of the weekend ahead of the latter's $18 million opening. As a result, "Out of the Shadows" became the ninth consecutive Hollywood import film to debut atop the chart beginning from May 6, 2016. In comparable to Saturday releases, the figure is almost double the launch of "Big Hero 6"; 41% above the first film; and 18% higher than "The Angry Birds Movie". It fell precipitously in its second weekend by 74%, earning $6.6 million and thereby slipped in to fourth place. It opened in key markets such as Germany and Austria on August 11 as well as Japan on August 26, 2016.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 37% based on 169 reviews, with an average rating of 4.69/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows" is a slight improvement over its predecessor, but still lacks the wit or anarchic energy of the comics that birthed the franchise." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 40 out of 100, based on 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A-" on an A+ to F scale, an improvement over the first film's "B".

Glenn Kenny of "The New York Times" gave the film a positive review writing, "This movie is, it happens, easier to sit through than the 2014 film", while also adding that "The 3-D action, overseen by the director Dave Green, is not wholly incoherent. The production values (showcasing new mutants and many gear-heavy extra-dimensional machines undreamed of in any actual engineering philosophy) are ultrashiny. And there are even a couple of amusing, albeit unmemorable, sight gags and one-liners." Edward Douglas of "New York Daily News" gave the film three out of five stars, saying, "As with the best popcorn flicks, "Out of the Shadows" offers plenty of mindless entertainment and mind-numbing silliness that somehow works well enough to leave even the Ninja Turtles' biggest detractors shell-shocked." Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" praised the film's action sequences and story while overall writing that, ""Out of the Shadows" is, at least, deliciously silly, even if it is also decidedly forgettable. Like a well-plated but nutrition-free meal, it registers on the senses while being bad for you."

Peter Hartlaub of "San Francisco Chronicle" gave the film a negative review, writing, "Your 11-year-old is going to love this film. Then he'll grow up and wonder what he was thinking." Sara Stewart of "The New York Post" gave the film two out of four stars and wrote, "despite the title, the wisecracking turtles named for Renaissance painters are never allowed to shine... It’s a bummer, dude." Lindsey Bahr of the "Associated Press" gave the film one star out of four and said, ""Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows" is a Saturday morning cartoon on Michael Bay steroids. For the under 12 set, that's fine. For the rest of us? It's something to actively avoid."

On August 16, 2014, Noel Fisher stated in an interview that he and the other Turtle actors had signed on for three more films. Megan Fox had also signed on for three films. On May 20, 2016, Tyler Perry said that if a third film was made, his character, Baxter Stockman, would probably mutate into his fly form during the movie. Pete Ploszek also expressed his interests in reprising his role in a third film as Leonardo. On October 29, 2016, in light of the film's financial underperformance, producer Andrew Form indicated that a third film was unlikely.

On June 20, 2018, it was reported that Paramount Pictures will once again reboot the series with Bay, Fuller and Form returning to produce the film and Andrew Dodge writing the script. Fuller and Form announced while at the 24th Critics' Choice Awards that production on the reboot is set to start in 2019. However, in July 2019, TMNT co-creator Kevin Eastman revealed that the film is still in development and believed that Paramount took the reactions to the 2014 and 2016 films "to heart", and that "its going to be a next-level type of stuff".



</doc>
<doc id="43645239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43645239" title="Dial Hot Line">
Dial Hot Line

Dial Hot Line is a 1970 American drama made-for-TV film, starring Vince Edwards, Chelsea Brown, Felton Perry, June Harding and Kim Hunter. It was aired on March 8, 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space.



</doc>
<doc id="43645545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43645545" title="Bad Men of Missouri">
Bad Men of Missouri

Bad Men of Missouri is a 1941 American Western film directed by Ray Enright and written by Charles Grayson. The film stars Dennis Morgan, Jane Wyman, Wayne Morris and Arthur Kennedy. The film was released by Warner Bros. on July 26, 1941.

After the war, with Confederate money now useless, many Missouri farmers find themselves unable to pay their bills. William Merrick and his men begin foreclosing on them or running them off, resulting in the death of Martha Adams, sweetheart of one of the Younger gang.

The brothers Cole, Bob and Jim Younger ride back to Missouri just as their father is shot by Merrick's hired gun, Greg Bilson. A sheriff is killed as well and the Youngers are falsely accused of murdering him, so they retaliate by joining Jesse James's gang and pulling off robberies, giving the money to the needy farmers to pay their taxes.

Merrick decides to flush out Jim Younger by arresting the woman he loves, Mary Hathaway, as an accomplice to the Younger brothers' crimes. He offers to exchange Mary for Jim behind bars, secretly plotting to kill Jim once he's in his custody. The Youngers turn the tables, leading Merrick and Bilson to their own accidental deaths. They leave town and head for Minnesota to pull off another theft, but Mary and the Missourians try to figure a way to bring them safely back home.



</doc>
<doc id="43647393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43647393" title="Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival">
Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival

Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival (stylized onscreen as The Devil's Carnival: Alleluia!) is a 2015 American musical fantasy horror film directed by Darren Lynn Bousman and written by Terrance Zdunich. It is a direct sequel to Bousman's 2012 short film "The Devil's Carnival", but unlike the previous film, "Alleluia" is a feature-length project. Production commenced in August 2014 and the film was released on August 11, 2015 by Cleopatra Films.

Lucifer conducts a train full of condemned souls, including Ms. Merrywood, back up to Heaven. As the train approaches Heaven’s gates, Ms. Merrywood discovers a horseshoe pendant and the condemned souls begin singing hymns (‘’Shovel and Bone’’). In Heaven, God discusses the crisis with his top dog, The Agent. The Agent and The Translators, officers in Heaven’s police force, interrogate Merrywood about her presence and the pendant. In Hell, the Ticket-Keeper warns Lucifer that the carnies are not prepared for a war with Heaven, but Lucifer dismisses him to entertain a cloaked figure. Lucifer opens his book of Aesop’s Fables and reads “The Filly and The Lapdog” to the cloaked person.

In flashback, a new crop of Applicants arrive in Heaven, including best friends June and Cora. They are welcomed into Heaven and are offered a tour of the premises (‘’All Aboard (Everybody’s Doing The Ark’’). June defies The Librarian about banned books in Heaven and steals a Number 1 armband from The Designer, who keeps the Number 7s working in a windowless design shop, that starkly contrasts with the grandeur of the Heaven lobby (‘’Only By Design’’). June’s rebellious nature makes her and the reserved Cora wander around Heaven, only to be arrested and interrogated by The Translators (‘’Good Little Dictation Machines’’). The Agent intervenes, and there is a mutual attraction between him and June, which gets him negative press from The Watchword. When God becomes aware of this, he orders The Agent to seduce June to expose her heresy.

The Agent brings June to a bar, Club Cloud Seven, where his closeness with God leads him to be invited to sing (‘’Down at the Midnight Rectory’’). God arrives and serenades one of his girlfriends (‘’Cloud Serenade’’). The Agent and June’s relationship continues, always under the watchful eye of The Watchword (‘’The Watchword’s Hour’’). The Watchword confronts Cora, warning her that her lesbian attraction to June is forbidden and illegal in Heaven. The Agent gives June the horseshoe pendant Merrywood will find, telling her the story of Dunstan (needs clarification for relevance), which reignites her curiosity with banned material and she runs off to steal a restricted book. Confident that The Agent’s clout will protect her, she steals a book marked with an apple, suggesting it is the forbidden Book of the Knowledge of Life and Death, setting off an alarm. June is beaten by The Translators and tossed down an elevator shaft leading to Hell. Meanwhile, The Librarian instructs Cora and the other Applicants to denounce June, and spend the rest of the night restoring order by re-shelving Heaven's library with him (‘’Hitting on All Sevens’’). The Librarian tells Cora she will go far in Heaven.

June arrives at a weaker, smaller Carnival, with a younger Lucifer and Ticket-Keeper. She flees from The Fool and finds The Twin and asks him for a drink. The Twin obliges as long as she plays a shell game for her pendant. As the game goes on, The Twin shapeshifts into Cora, The Agent, and finally, June herself (‘’Fair Game’’). Upon losing, June wanders into the midway and finds Lucifer, who becomes inspired by her to turn the Carnival into something that can challenge Heaven. He helps her transform into The Painted Doll ("After the Fall").

In the present, Ticket-Keeper rebuffs several plans to attack Heaven from the carnies. The cloaked figure is revealed to be Painted Doll, who will play a role in Lucifer’s war with Heaven. Ticket-Keeper confronts Lucifer about his worries with the Carnival, offering to sacrifice himself for the cause. Lucifer first mocks and then refuses Ticket-Keeper's offer of martyrdom, and these two show a level of loyalty that seems to be an ironic take on the kind of loyalty God demands but does not return. Lucifer and Ticket-Keeper then examine the plans for Hell's War on Heaven. Meanwhile, in Heaven, God dispatches The Agent to face Lucifer and quell the uprising in Hell, giving him a book containing the story “The Filly and the Lapdog". Lucifer has referred to Painted Doll as "filly" and The Agent as "lapdog" throughout the movie and the story describes the relationship between the Agent, June, and the "owner" of these animals, God. The song "Hitting On All Sevens" also refers to the seven levels of angels as seven different kind of animals.

God puts on a show for the denizens of Heaven, mocking Lucifer in a parable drawn from the Dust Bowl and Aesop’s Fable “The Swallow and the Other Birds” (‘’Bells of the Black Sunday’’). Meanwhile, The Agent arrives in Hell and finds Painted Doll. She leads him on to give the carnies time to capture and poison him. Lucifer prepares for battle by applying war makeup as God stands in front of a microphone in an empty room, helplessly staring into a future he did not predict and did not expect. In Heaven, Merrywood, beaten and haggard, transforms, revealing that it has been The Twin all along. The Twin then poses as the Agent returning from his mission (‘’Hoof and Lap/The Devil’s Carnival’’). In a post-credits sequence, The Twin as The Agent serenades God (‘’Songs of Old’’). Thus the subjugation of Heaven has begun.


Most of the original cast from the first film are returning, with Zdunich and Sorvino reprising their roles of Lucifer and God. New cast members include Barry Bostwick, Ted Neeley, Adam Pascal, Tech N9ne, Jimmy Urine, Chantal Claret, and David Hasselhoff.

Whereas "The Devil's Carnival" took place in Hell, "Alleluia" focuses on Heaven. In describing it, writer Zdunich stated that "Heaven in particular is a very different aesthetic than hell...think Golden Age of Hollywood. You have fancy suits and everything is tailored, an air that everything is perfect and glamorous, but meanwhile in the backdrop of that era you also have the Great Depression." Zdunich went on to say that the style would be "Clark Gable on acid."
Bousman described the film as "[pulling] back the curtain on Heaven... and in 'The Devil's Carnival,' God and his angels are a whole lot darker than Lucifer and his carnies."

A fifteen-day shoot was planned, but due to financial constraints this was reduced to fourteen days, concluding on September 2, 2014.

The official teaser trailer for "Alleluia!" came out on November 6, 2014, with the film due for a Summer 2015 release.

As with its predecessor, "Alleluia!" was screened via a 'Road Tour' across the US. The film premiered in Los Angeles on August 11, 2015 and the road tour kicked off two weeks later on August 26, 2015 in Tucson, Arizona. The tour ran until October 18, ending with an encore screening in Los Angeles.

The film's soundtrack was made available for purchase digitally from iTunes and physically from Cleopatra Records on August 7, 2015. According to the director at a road tour Q&A, the film is scheduled for a Blu-ray release on Christmas Day, with preorders available on Black Friday. The film was ultimately released in March 2016 as a Blu-ray and DVD combo pack, which was limited to 6,660 copies, similar to the home media release for "The Devil's Carnival". The Blu-ray set also included a lyric booklet, a certificate of authenticity, and came packaged in a nylon drawstring bag.

Reception for "Alleluia! The Devil's Carnival" has been positive. It holds a 100% positive rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on five critic reviews.


</doc>
<doc id="43647771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43647771" title="Post Office Investigator">
Post Office Investigator

Post Office Investigator is a 1949 black and white American crime film about the theft of postage stamps, directed by George Blair, and starring Audrey Long, Warren Douglas and Jeff Donnell. "Allmovie" called it a "diligent Republic programmer."

A young postman becomes involved in the theft of rare stamps featuring inverted images of the Statue of Liberty. Along the way he encounters attractive criminal Clara Kelso, double-crossing gang members, and Post Office Inspectors, before finally capturing the crooks.




</doc>
<doc id="43649164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43649164" title="The Remaining">
The Remaining

The Remaining is a 2014 American apocalyptic horror film directed by Casey La Scala, who co-wrote the script with Chris Dowling. The film had a limited theatrical release on September 5, 2014 and centers upon a group of friends that are forced to examine their lives after the Apocalypse strikes.

The film opens with a montage of videos depicting Skylar "Sky" (Alexa Vega) and Dan's (Bryan Dechart) happy moments together. In the present, Skylar and Dan are celebrating their wedding. Tommy (Johnny Pacar) is shooting a documentary as a favor for Dan. During the wedding, Tommy is in an elevator with Skylar's parents, who are Christian. However, before answering a question, the air turns cold and Skylar's parents suddenly drop dead, with their pupils shrinking to a pin-prick size. When Tommy exits the elevator, he finds the main floor has descended into high chaos, as others have dropped dead with the same pin-prick pupils. As Tommy and Jack (Shaun Sipos) exit the building to investigate a tremor, they find the city up in flames as planes fall from the sky and explode upon impact.

When racing back to the building to find a safer way out, an ear-splitting sound, similar to a trumpet, echoes across the building. After this, loud claps of thunder and intense lightning are present. When Tommy, Dan, Skylar and Jack exit the building safely, Skylar theorizes that they are experiencing the Rapture, as the believers are raptured and the non-believers are left behind. Tommy dismisses this, as what he believes what is happening right now is related to science. Skylar then declares that they need to get to a place of safety, as the events will grow worse and worse as time goes on.

Afterward, monstrous-sized hail rains down on the town. The four proceed to seek shelter in a library. Tommy encounters Sam (Liz E. Morgan) in the library. Skylar finds a bible and tells Sam, Dan, Jack, and Tommy a verse related to the Rapture, the First Trumpet. The five proceed to go to a nearby church for safety. Nearing the church, a demonic being snatches Skylar out of Dan's grip and they find her on the road but heavily injured by the entity. Upon reaching the church, the group is let in and led to the sanctuary for safety by Pastor Shay (John Pyper-Ferguson).

When walking in the church, Jack reunites with Allison (Italia Ricci) while Dan tries to comfort Skylar while she is being healed. When Tommy asks what's going on, Shay explains that they are living in the Rapture. More survivors are let inside the church, but one of them is pregnant. The pregnant woman does give birth, but her baby doesn't show signs of crying or breathing, indicating that the baby is stillborn. When Tommy asks why God kills these people, Shay explains that God raptures the believers' souls while leaving their mortal bodies behind. Shay explains that the reason why he wasn't raptured was that he didn't display real faith in Christianity. A survivor tries to get into the church, only for a demonic being to kill him, while cracking a church window in the process. Sam records Tommy say a message to Allison just in case Tommy doesn't make it. A news article reveals that the Rapture has occurred worldwide, with children, infants and Christians getting raptured, with scientists labeling it as "Instant Death Syndrome" and that unusual weather has been occurring worldwide. Tommy shows Shay, Jack, and Allison a video of Skylar getting snatched by the unknown force, with Shay explaining that the Fifth Trumpet was played. Frame by frame, they see the face of a Fallen.


La Scala was inspired to create "The Remaining" while working on the film "" and visiting the set of "Paranormal Activity 5", where he wondered "What would it be like to do a global "Paranormal Activity"?" After that, La Scala began researching mythologies for the film while also drawing upon his own past Biblical knowledge. He decided to "[follow] the rules of "Revelation"" and tried to make the film Biblically accurate.

The film opened in the United States on September 5, 2014. In its opening week, the movie grossed $159,143 from a total of 67 screens. In its second week, the screen count increased to 85 and brought in $242,095, a 52% increase (while retaining the film's per-screen average of opening week). The movie dropped for the next two weeks. Even though the movie dropped by 38% in its fourth week, the movie almost doubled its per-screen average compared to opening week. So far, the film has made $1,109,157.

The film also began its international run in both Philippines and Mexico on September 24 and 25, respectively. It expanded shortly thereafter to Argentina, Ecuador, and Bolivia at the start of October. The international total stands at $573,627.

As of December 2019, the film has a worldwide gross of $2.3 million.

Reviews have been mixed. "Variety" was mixed in their opinion of the film, criticizing it for using overly cliched elements of the found footage genre and for containing "ham-handed" dialogue, speechifying, and proselytizing, while stating that the film might "find an appreciative audience once this small-budget indie finishes its limited theatrical run and is resucted in homescreen platforms." "Commonsensemedia" and "The Washington Post" both panned the film, with "The Washington Post" rating the movie at a half star and writing that "There's a fundamental problem here. The movie relies on the instinctual human fear of death, but its message is that dying is a promotion."

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film currently holds a 60% "fresh" rating.



</doc>
<doc id="43650100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43650100" title="The Spellbinder">
The Spellbinder

The Spellbinder is a 1939 American drama film directed by Jack Hively, written by Thomas Lennon and Joseph Fields, and starring Lee Tracy, Barbara Read, Patric Knowles, Allan Lane and Linda Hayes. It was released on July 28, 1939, by RKO Pictures.


</doc>
<doc id="43650667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43650667" title="The Jungle Book (2016 film)">
The Jungle Book (2016 film)

The Jungle Book is a 2016 American fantasy adventure film directed and produced by Jon Favreau, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, and written by Justin Marks. Based on Rudyard Kipling's eponymous collective works and inspired by Walt Disney's 1967 animated film of the same name, "The Jungle Book" is a live-action/CGI film that tells the story of Mowgli, an orphaned human boy who, guided by his animal guardians, sets out on a journey of self-discovery while evading the threatening Shere Khan. The film introduces Neel Sethi as Mowgli, along with voice and motion capture performances from Ben Kingsley, Bill Murray, Idris Elba, Lupita Nyong'o, Scarlett Johansson, Giancarlo Esposito, and Christopher Walken.

Favreau, Marks, and producer Brigham Taylor developed the film's story as a balance between Disney's animated adaptation and Kipling's original works, borrowing elements from both into the film. Principal photography commenced in 2014, with filming taking place entirely in Los Angeles. The film required extensive use of computer-generated imagery to portray the animals and settings.

"The Jungle Book" was released in the United States in Disney Digital 3-D, RealD 3D, IMAX 3D, D-Box, and premium large formats, on April 15, 2016. It became a critical and commercial success, grossing over $966 million worldwide, making it the fifth-highest-grossing film of 2016 and the 30th-highest-grossing film of all time. The film received praise for its visual effects, vocal performances, direction, musical score, and its faithfulness to the original animated film. It won accolades for achievements in visual effects at the 89th Academy Awards, 22nd Critics' Choice Awards and 70th British Academy Film Awards. A sequel is in development, with Favreau and Marks set to return as director/producer and writer, respectively.

Mowgli is a "man-cub" raised by the Indian wolf Raksha and her pack, led by Akela, in an Indian jungle ever since he was brought to them as an infant by the black panther Bagheera. Bagheera trains Mowgli to learn the ways of the wolves, but the boy faces certain challenges and falls behind his wolf siblings, while Akela objects to him using human "tricks", like building tools, instead of learning the ways of the pack.

One day, during the dry season, the jungle animals gather to drink the water that remains as part of a truce during a drought that enables the jungle's wildlife to drink without fear of their predators. The truce is disrupted when a fire-scarred bengal tiger named Shere Khan arrives, detecting Mowgli's scent in the crowd. Consumed by a vendetta against humans for scarring him with fire, he threatens to kill Mowgli at the end of the drought. After the drought ends, the wolves debate whether or not they should keep Mowgli. Mowgli decides to leave the jungle for the safety of his pack. Bagheera volunteers to guide him to the nearby "man-village".

En route, Shere Khan ambushes them, but Mowgli manages to escape amidst a water buffalo stampede. Later, Mowgli meets an enormous reticulated python named Kaa, who hypnotizes him. While under her influence, Mowgli sees a vision of his father being killed by Shere Khan while protecting him. Kaa attempts to devour Mowgli, but she is attacked by a himalayan brown bear named Baloo who rescues the unconscious Mowgli. Mowgli later awakens and retrieves some difficult-to-access honey for Baloo as repayment, with the two bonding in the process. Mowgli agrees to stay with Baloo until the winter season arrives. Meanwhile, upon learning that Mowgli has left the jungle, Shere Khan kills Akela and threatens the pack to lure Mowgli out.

Bagheera eventually finds Mowgli and Baloo and is shocked that Mowgli has not joined the humans as he had agreed, but Baloo calms him down and persuades both of them to sleep on it. During the night, Mowgli finds a herd of Indian elephants gathered around a ditch and uses vines to save their baby. Although Baloo and Bagheera are impressed, Baloo realizes that he cannot guarantee Mowgli's safety after learning that he is being hunted by Shere Khan. Baloo agrees to push Mowgli away to get him to continue onward to the man village.

Mowgli is kidnapped by a gang of monkeys known as the "Bandar-log", who present him to their leader, a deranged giant ape named King Louie. Assuming that all humans can make "the red flower" (fire), King Louie offers Mowgli protection from Shere Khan in exchange for it. Baloo distracts King Louie while Bagheera tries to sneak Mowgli out, but their ruse is uncovered. As King Louie chases Mowgli through his temple, he informs Mowgli of Akela's death. King Louie's rampage eventually causes his temple to collapse on top of him.

Furious that Baloo and Bagheera neglected to tell him about Akela's death, Mowgli goes to confront Shere Khan. He steals a lit torch from the man village and heads back to the jungle, accidentally starting a wildfire in the process. He confronts Shere Khan, who claims that Mowgli has made himself the enemy of the jungle by causing the wildfire. Seeing the wolves' fear of him, Mowgli throws the torch into a river. Baloo, Bagheera, and the wolf pack hold off Shere Khan, giving Mowgli enough time to flee into the burning jungle. He lures Shere Khan up a dead tree and onto a branch, which breaks under the tiger's weight, and Shere Khan falls into the fire to his death. Mowgli then directs the elephants to divert the river and put out the fire.

In the aftermath, Raksha becomes the new leader of the wolf pack. Mowgli decides to utilize his equipment and tricks for his own use, having found his true home and calling with his wolf family, Baloo, and Bagheera.


Emjay Anthony, Max Favreau, Chloe Hechter, Asher Blinkoff, Knox Gagnon, Sasha Schrieber, and Kai Schrieber voice the Young Wolves.

Dee Bradley Baker, Artie Esposito, Sean Johnson, and Allan Trautman provide additional animal voices.

On July 9, 2013, Walt Disney Pictures announced that a live-action adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's short story collection "The Jungle Book" was in development, with Justin Marks set to write the script. The film would be Disney's third live-action adaptation of Kipling's works, following the 1994 film and the 1998 direct-to-video film ""; and the studio's fourth overall after the 1967 animated film. Jon Favreau was confirmed as director on November. Favreau as a child used to watch Disney's 1967 animated film. He felt the need to strike a balance between the two films by retaining the buoyant spirit of the 1967 film, including some of its memorable songs while crafting a film with more realism and peril. He also stressed the importance of nature and realized how things have shifted during Kipling's time and now, "In Kipling's time, nature was something to be overcome. Now nature is something to be protected". He was encouraged by Walt Disney Studios chairman Alan Horn to take advantage of the film's setting and story as an opportunity to use the latest advancements in photorealistic rendering, computer-generated imagery, and motion capture technologies. The story of the film is not independently taken from Kipling's works, but also borrows cinematic inspirations from other films, including the child-mentor relationship in "Shane" (1953), the establishment of rules in a dangerous world from "Goodfellas" (1990) and the use of a shadowy jungle figure in "Apocalypse Now" (1979).

Pixar Animation Studios assisted in the development of the story, as well as providing suggestions for the film's end credits sequence. John Lasseter, Pixar and Walt Disney Animation Studios' then-chief creative officer, suggested the end the film with the original physical book featured in the 1967 film opening.

Principal photography took place entirely on sound stages at L.A. Center Studios in downtown Los Angeles. The animal characters were created entirely in computer animation, with the assistance of footage of real animal movement, the actors recording their lines, and performance capture for reference. The production team underwent a thorough process to realistically convey the animals' speaking, while still making them perceptually believable to the audience. Favreau researched earlier films featuring anthropomorphic animals, including Walt Disney's animated features, such as "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" and "Bambi", as well as modern films such as "Babe" and adopted certain techniques from those films into "The Jungle Book". Nearly 70 separate species of animals native to India are featured in the film, with several species being portrayed as "150% larger" than their actual counterparts.

Jim Henson's Creature Shop was brought in to provide animal puppet figures for Sethi to act against, although none appear in the finished film. The animal puppets were performed by Artie Esposito, Sean Johnson, Allan Trautman, and April Warren. Favreau utilized motion capture with certain actors, expressing a desire to avoid overusing the technology in order to prevent evoking an uncanny valley effect. For instance, Bill Murray's lifted eyebrow was incorporated into Baloo's facial gestures.

The Moving Picture Company (MPC) and Weta Digital created the film's visual effects. MPC developed new software for animating muscular structure in the animals. Around 1,000 remote jungle locations in India were photographed and used as a reference in post-production. Weta was responsible for animating the King Louie sequence, with visual effects supervisor Keith Miller adding that, "It was important for Jon to see Christopher Walken in the creature. So we took some of the distinctive Walken facial features—iconic lines, wrinkles and folds—and integrated them into the animated character". Favreau expressed desire in wanting the film's 3D shots to imbue the abilities of the multiplane camera system utilized in Disney's earlier animated films. At Favreau's behest, the idea was extended into the film's version of the Walt Disney Pictures opening production logo, which was recreated as "a hand-painted, cel-animated multi-plane logo" in homage to the animated films of that era, also incorporating the word "Presents" in the same font as the 1967 film's opening credits. The film's ending also features the original physical book that opened the 1967 film.

Director Jon Favreau and composer John Debney sought to recreate the Fantasound experience Walt Disney, himself, had in mind. When mixing the soundtrack in Dolby Atmos, as Favreau said, "we isolated instruments when we could. And in the sound mix, we created a Fantasound mix. If you see the film in Atmos, you will feel that there are instruments that move around the theater". A mention for Fantasound appears in the film's closing credits.

The musical score for "The Jungle Book" was composed and conducted by frequent Favreau collaborator John Debney, mostly drawing from George Bruns' original music. According to Debney, “Jon [Favreau] wanted a timeless sound to the score and I embraced that". Debney created a theme for Mowgli that "[i]t's not overly emotional. It has an elegance and majesty to it. He’s becoming a man through this whole experience and that’s what [Debney and Favreau] wanted to say with his theme". Shere Khan's theme was conformed of a three or four-note motif, while Baloo's "called for quirky strings and bass" that is "frolicking and emotional". While Bagheera doesn't have a theme of his own, he's represented by French horns and strings, and Kaa's music features snake-like sounds, while King Louie's features many instruments, like percussion instruments, bass marimbas, etc.

While Richard M. Sherman, who originally co-wrote songs for the 1967 film with his brother Robert, was originally reported to be writing new songs for the remake, Favreau decided not to make the film a musical. Still, he and Debney incorporated several songs from the 1967 animated film. "The Bare Necessities", written by Terry Gilkyson, is performed by Murray and Sethi, and a cover version by Dr. John is featured in the end credits. "I Wan'na Be Like You" and "Trust in Me" — written by the Sherman Brothers - are performed by Walken and Johansson, respectively; Richard M. Sherman wrote revised lyrics for Walken's version of "I Wan'na Be Like You". Johansson's rendition of "Trust in Me" was produced by Mark Ronson and appears in the end credits only.
Walt Disney Records released the film's soundtrack on April 15, 2016.

The film was originally scheduled for October 9, 2015, but the film's release date was later postponed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures to April 15, 2016. The film was released in the Dolby Vision format in Dolby Cinema in the United States, and is the first film to be released in Dolby Vision 3D (in a few select theaters in New York City and Chicago). "The Jungle Book" held its world premiere at the El Capitan Theatre on April 4, 2016.

It was released on April 8 in 15 countries, including Argentina, Australia, Russia, Malaysia, and most notably in India a week ahead of its U.S. debut on April 15. The release date in India was strategic for the film as it coincided with the Indian New Year and was a holiday in most parts of the country. The film had a special Hindi version with famous actors giving their voices to the main characters, including Irrfan Khan as Baloo, Om Puri as Bagheera, Priyanka Chopra as Ka, Nana Patekar as Sher Khan and Shefali Shah as Raksha. As the Japanese anime series "Jungle Book Shōnen Mowgli" had been immensely popular in India in the 1990s, Disney India also commissioned a contemporary recording of "Jungle Jungle Baat Chali Hai" (originally used for the popular Indian version of "Jungle Book Shōnen Mowgli"), overseen by the original Hindi song's composers Vishal Bhardwaj and Gulzar, and released it as part of the film's promotional campaign in India.

The film was released digitally on August 23, 2016, and on DVD and Blu-ray on August 30 (August 22 in the UK). A 3D Blu-ray was said to be coming by the end of the year. The film topped the NPD VideoScan overall disc sales chart for two consecutive weeks. In the United States, the DVD and Blu-ray releases sold 2,027,137 units by December 2016 and have grossed as of August 2018.

The film became a huge financial success and a sleeper hit. It briefly held the record for the biggest remake of all time until the studio's own "Beauty and the Beast" surpassed it the following year. It grossed $364 million in the United States and Canada and $602.5 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $966.6 million, against a budget of $175 million. Worldwide, the film was released across 28,000 RealD 3D screens and had an IMAX worldwide opening of $20.4 million from 901 IMAX screens, a new record for a PG film. It grossed a total of $39 million in IMAX screens worldwide. On May 13, it became the second film of 2016 (after the studio's own "Zootopia") to pass the $800 million mark. On June 10, it became the third film of 2016 after "Zootopia" and "" to pass the $900 million mark. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $258 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues for the film, making it the sixth-most profitable release of 2016.

Projections for its opening weekend in the United States and Canada were continuously revised upwards, starting from $60 million to as high as $88 million, with female and older male quadrants being the prime draw. "The Jungle Book" was shown across 4,028 theaters of which 3,100 theaters (75%) were in 3D, including 376 IMAX screens, 463 premium large format screens, and 145 D-Box locations. It opened Friday, April 15, 2016, on around 9,500 screens across 4,028 theaters, and earned $32.4 million, the fourth-biggest April Friday. This includes $4.2 million from Thursday previews, the biggest preview number for a Disney live-adaptation film (tied with "Maleficent"), an almost unheard-of for a PG title which rarely attracts many ticketbuyers later in the night. In total, it earned $103.3 million in its opening weekend, exceeding expectations by 40% and recorded the biggest PG-rated April opening (breaking "Hop"'s record), the second-biggest Disney live-action adaptation opening (behind "Alice in Wonderland"), and the second-biggest April opening (behind "Furious 7"). It also performed exceptionally well in both 3D and IMAX formats, where they both generated an income of $44 million and $10.4 million of the film's opening-weekend gross, respectively, the later broke the record for the biggest April Disney release IMAX opening. Notably, it also became the only second PG-rated release to ever open above $100 million (following "Alice in Wonderland") and the third film of 2016 overall to open above $100 million (following "Deadpool" and ""). It earned $130.7 million in its first full week, the second-biggest for a Disney live-action adaptation, behind only "Alice in Wonderland"s $146.6 million seven-day gross.

Buoyed by excellent word of mouth and benefiting from spring break, it fell only by 40% in its second weekend earning $61.5 million, still maintaining the top position and far surpassing newcomer "". That puts "The Jungle Book" in the top fifteen-second weekends of all time and in terms of films that opened above $100 million, it scored the fourth-smallest drop behind "Shrek 2" (−33%), "Spider-Man" (−39%), and "" (−39%). Of those numbers, $5.6 million came from IMAX shows for a two weekend cumulative total of $18.4 million which represents about 10% of its entire North American box office gross. It crossed $200 million on its twelfth day of release and managed to hold the top spot for the third consecutive weekend with $43.7 million from 4,041 theaters (an addition of 13 more theaters), a fall of only 29%, outgrossing the next six pictures combined (including the openings of three newcomers) and recorded the sixth-biggest third weekend of all time. Moreover, the 29% drop is the smallest third-weekend drop (from its second weekend) for a $100 million opener ever. Disney added an additional 103 theaters for the film's fourth weekend of release which propelled its theater count to 4,144 theaters, but nevertheless, it was overtaken by Disney's own "Captain America: Civil War" after experiencing a 50% decline. It passed $300 million on its thirtieth day of release, on May 14, as it continued to witness marginal declines in the wake of several new releases weekend after weekend. It made 3.53 times its opening weekend numbers, which is one of the biggest of all time for a film opening above $100 million. It became one of the few surprise hits and one of the highest-grossing films of the year, alongside "Finding Dory", "The Secret Life of Pets", and "Zootopia", centered around talking animals to dominate the year-end chart.

The film was released in approximately 70 countries. Outside the US and Canada, it opened across 15 markets and 69 IMAX screens a week ahead of its US debut, and faced notable competition from newcomer "The Huntsman: Winter's War" and holdover "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", the latter of which was entering its third weekend. The reason behind the divided release pattern was because Disney wanted to get some space before "Captain America: Civil War" releases in early May, as well as availing school holidays and avoiding local competitors. It eventually grossed $31.7 million, debuting at first place in all markets and second overall at the international box office, behind "Dawn of Justice", which was playing across 67 markets. In its second weekend, it expanded to an additional 49 countries (88% of its total marketplace) and grossed $138.6 million from 64 countries, easily topping the international box office, a bulk of it came from China. Approximately 63% or $85 million of that came from 3D screenings, with the largest 3D opening haul represented by China (98%), Germany (83%), Brazil (73%), Russia (60%), Mexico (47%), and the UK (39%). $10 million alone came from 525 IMAX screens, a record for a PG and April release. It further continued to hold the top spot in its third weekend after adding another $98.9 million from 53 territories, falling only by a marginal 32%. IMAX generated another $6.1 million from 484 IMAX theaters for a three-weekend total of $20.6 million. After three straight No. 1 runs, it was finally dethroned by the studio's "Captain America: Civil War" in its fourth weekend.

In India, it scored the second-biggest opening day for a Hollywood film, earning $1.51 million (behind "") from around 1,500 screens and went on to score the second-biggest Hollywood opening weekend of all time, with $8.4 million from 1,600 screens, behind only "Furious 7" in terms of local as well as U.S. currency, performing better than expected and its initial $5–6 million opening projection. Its opening weekend in India alone surpassed the entire lifetime total of Disney's other live-fantasy adaptations—"Cinderella", "Maleficent", "Oz the Great and Powerful", and "Alice in Wonderland"—in the country. It then went on to score the biggest opening and single week for a Hollywood film with $15.1 million. In its second weekend, it dropped just by a mere 40% to $4.97 million. In just ten days, it became the fourth-highest-grossing Hollywood film there with $21.2 million. On Wednesday, April 19—its twelfth day of release—it surpassed "Furious 7" to become the highest-grossing Hollywood/foreign release of all time there. By the end of its theatrical run, the film made an estimated $38.8 million with half of its revenue—58%—coming from local dubbed versions, compared to "", which saw 45% of its revenue from dubbed versions.

In China, where the film was locally known as "Fantasy Forest", expectations were high, with projections going as high $154–200 million or more. Ultimately, it was unable to hit these marks. Before the release of the film in the state, Disney had a very successful run at the box office with "Zootopia" the previous month, in which anthropomorphic animals were the central figure. "Forbes" noted that "The Jungle Book" was precisely the sort of film that Chinese audiences love with its 3D visuals, heartwarming story, and talking animal cast. It earned around $12 million on its opening day, including $300,000 worth of previews from 65,000 screenings. Buoyed by good word of mouth and positive reception (albeit mostly from audiences with polarized reception from Chinese critics), it rose 72% on its second day to $20 million. Through its opening weekend it grossed $48.5 million, including $5.1 million from 279 IMAX screens, a new record for April release. Its opening marked the biggest Walt Disney Pictures film opening ever, the second-biggest for a family film (behind "Kung Fu Panda 3"), the second-biggest April debut (behind "Furious 7"), and the fourth-biggest Disney opening (behind "Avengers: Age of Ultron", "Iron Man 3", and "Star Wars: The Force Awakens"). It topped the daily box office through the whole opening week and went on to remain at the top of the box office for a second weekend, after dropping by a mere 20% to $29.8 million, despite facing some competitions. It ended its run there with a total of $150.1 million after thirty days of playing in theaters, adding $1.2 million on its last day. Albeit falling just below expectations, it nevertheless emerged as a huge financial success and becoming the fourth-biggest Disney release there.

In the United Kingdom and Ireland, it had an opening weekend total of £9.9 million ($14.1 million) from 594 theaters and in France with $8.1 million. Elsewhere, the highest openings were recorded in Russia and the CIS ($7.4 million), Germany ($5.1 million), Spain ($3.9 million), Australia ($2.8 million), Argentina ($2.3 million), and in Malaysia, where it scored the biggest opening weekend for a live-action Disney film with $2.3 million. In the UK, it became the first film of 2016 to earn over £5 million in three straight weekends and the first film since "Jurassic World", "Spectre", and "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" (all 2015 films) to achieve such an accomplishment, and the first film of 2016 to earn above £40 million ($58 million). In South Korea, it faced competition with "Warcraft", but ended up debuting atop the charts with $6.2 million. It has so far grossed a total of $18 million there.

It opened in Japan on August 11, alongside the superhero film "" and delivered a four-day opening of $6.2 million from 676 screens ($3 million in two days), debuting at second place behind "The Secret Life of Pets". Although the opening figure was considered mediocre, "Deadline Hollywood" noted that Japan is a market that can see big multiples. It fell just 30% in its second weekend earning $2.1 million for an eleven-day total of $13.7 million.

In total earnings, its biggest markets outside of the US and Canada were China ($150.1 million), the United Kingdom ($66.2 million) and India ($38.8 million). It was the highest-grossing film of 2016 in Europe with a total of $209 million, the United Kingdom and Ireland, and in India (although it was later surpassed by "Sultan", in terms of Hollywood/imported films, it is still the biggest).

The film garnered critical acclaim from film critics and audiences. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 94% based on 320 reviews, with an average rating of 7.73/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "As lovely to behold as it is engrossing to watch, "The Jungle Book" is the rare remake that actually improves upon its predecessors - all while setting a new standard for CGI". On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 77 out of 100, based on 49 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported moviegoers gave it an overall positive score of 92%. Ninety-seven percent of the audience gave the film an A or a B, and it got A's from both the under- and over-25 crowd and A+ among those under 18 years of age and also for the over-50 audience.

Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, "Exceptionally beautiful to behold and bolstered by a stellar vocal cast, this umpteenth film rendition of Rudyard Kipling's tales of young Mowgli's adventures amongst the creatures of the Indian jungle proves entirely engaging, even if it's ultimately lacking in subtext and thematic heft". Andrew Barker of "Variety" felt that this version "can't rival the woolly looseness of Disney's 1967 animated classic, of course, but it succeeds on its own so well that such comparisons are barely necessary". Robbie Collin of "The Telegraph" gave the film four stars out of five, and deemed it "a sincere and full-hearted adaptation that returns to Kipling for fresh inspiration". Alonso Duralde of "The Wrap" says "This 'Book' might lack the post-vaudeville razzamatazz of its predecessor, but director Jon Favreau and a team of effects wizards plunge us into one of the big screen's most engrossing artificial worlds since "Avatar"." Peter Bradshaw, writing for "The Guardian", gave the film four out of five stars and felt that the film had a touch of "Apocalypto" in it, finding the plot elements to be similar to those in "The Lion King". He wrote that the film was "spectacular, exciting, funny and fun" and that it "handsomely revives the spirit of Disney's original film". Pete Hammond of "Deadline Hollywood" wrote that the film had laughs, excitement, an exceptional voice cast and, most importantly, a lot of heart, calling it a cinematic achievement like no other. He particularly praised Murray's performance and the visual effects, deeming it "simply astonishing". Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" graded the film an "A–", calling it one of the biggest surprises of 2016. He, however, felt the two songs were rather unnecessary and distracting, and believed the film to be a little too frightening for children.

Richard Roeper of "Chicago Sun-Times" awarded the film three-and-a-half stars, pointing out the CGI as the apex achievement of the film. He labelled it "a beautifully rendered, visually arresting take on Rudyard Kipling's oft-filmed tales" but found the musical numbers to be trivial, saying that without the musical numbers, the film might have been a more exhilarating streamlined adventure. "Los Angeles Times" Kenneth Turan remarked that ""The Jungle Book" is the kind of family film calculated to make even those without families wish they had one to take along". Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" awarded the film three-and-a-half stars out of four, labeling it scary and thrilling, yet unique and unforgettable, and adding that it "fills us with something rare in movies today—a sense of wonder". "The Village Voice"s Bilge Ebiri hailed the film as fast and light and that it "manages to be just scary enough to make us feel the danger of solitude in the middle of a massive jungle, but never indulgent or gratuitous". Cath Clarke of "Time Out" compared Elba's character of Shere Khan to Scar from "The Lion King", calling him "baddie of the year". Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com also had high praise for Elba's portrayal of Shere Khan stating: "His loping menace is envisioned so powerfully that he'd be scary no matter what, but the character becomes a great villain through imaginative empathy. We understand and appreciate his point-of-view, even though carrying it out would mean the death of Mowgli".

The film's visual effects and 3D photography were compared to those of "Avatar", "Gravity", "Hugo", and "Life of Pi". Sarah Ward of "Screen International" wrote that the level of detail on display in the film "is likely to evoke the same jaw-dropping reaction as James Cameron's box office topper". "Entertainment Weekly" called it "one of the few 3D movies that actually benefit from being in 3D". The film also had a positive reception from Indian contemporary critics and publications, such as "The Times of India", "The Hindu", "India Today", "The Indian Express", and "The Economic Times".

The film also had its share of criticism with most reviewers criticizing the inconsistent tone of the film and the director's indecision to stick to one vision. "The New York Times"s Manohla Dargis was less enthusiastic. Sam C. Mac of "Slant Magazine" wrote, "Jon Favreau draws heavily on his film's animated predecessor for plot, characterizations, songs, and set pieces, but doesn't know how to fit these familiar elements into his own coherent vision". Josh Spiegel of Movie Mezzanine also echoed these feelings, saying that the film "stumbles because the people involved aren't willing to fully commit to either making a near-shot-for-shot remake or going in a completely different direction". Rene Rodriguez of the "Miami Herald" felt that the movie was soulless, writing that "The better these talking beasts look, the more the film resembles a gorgeous screen saver. You admire The Jungle Book, but you can't lose yourself in it".

Following the film's financial and critical success, the studio has begun working on a sequel. Jon Favreau is confirmed to return as director and Justin Marks is confirmed return as screenwriter. Shortly after the release of the film, Favreau and Marks initially signed on to direct and write the sequel, and the sequel could potentially have a release sometime in fall 2019 and will be shot back-to-back with Favreau's remake of "The Lion King". But in March 2017, the sequel was on hold so that Favreau would have to focus mainly on "The Lion King" instead. By January 2018, Marks ended an early draft for the sequel, which he said will "go further through" Kipling's material, as well as feature elements of Bill Peet's rejected drafts for the 1967 film. In October 2018, Neel Sethi confirmed to reprise his role as Mowgli in the sequel.



</doc>
<doc id="43653262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43653262" title="Sinister 2">
Sinister 2

Sinister 2 (also known as Sinister II) is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by Ciaran Foy and written by Scott Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill. It is a sequel to the 2012 film "Sinister" and it stars James Ransone, reprising his role from the original film, and Shannyn Sossamon as a mother whose sons are tormented by the ghostly children taken by Bughuul at their rural farmhouse. It also stars Robert Daniel Sloan, Dartanian Sloan, Lea Coco, and Tate Ellington in supporting roles.

"Sinister 2" was released in the United States on August 21, 2015, by Gramercy Pictures and Focus Features. The film received negative reviews from critics, with criticism for its jump scares, horror cliches and story, while Ransone's performance received some praise and grossed over $54 million against its reported budget of $10 million.

A movie is shown depicting a family being hung up like scarecrows with sacks over their heads in a cornfield and burned alive. It is revealed to be the nightmare of nine-year-old Dylan Collins (Robert Sloan), who is squatting in a rural farmhouse next to a deconsecrated Lutheran church, with his twin brother Zach (Dartanian Sloan), and their mother Courtney (Shannyn Sossamon). The family is on the run from an abusive husband/father, Clint (Lea Coco).

Dylan is visited nightly by a group of ghostly children, led by a boy named Milo (Lucas Jade Zumann), who coerces him to watch "home movies" of families being murdered in various savage ways: being eaten alive by alligators, buried alive up to their necks in the snow on Christmas Day, being electrocuted in a kitchen, and being held to the floor of the church by nails in their hands as rats were encouraged to eat through their victim's stomach. 

A former sheriffs deputy who is now a private investigator (James Ransone), is researching the murders connected to Bughuul and burning down the homes where each murder took place before another family can move into them, including the house where Ellison Oswalt and his family were murdered. He arrives at the farmhouse to destroy it, but realizes Courtney and her sons are living there. He tells Courtney he is there to investigate the church on the property where a gruesome murder took place, which she agrees to let him do. The Deputy later stumbles across an article that shows Courtney and Clint on their wedding day. Suddenly, articles about the church murder flood the screen, before the Deputy sees Bughuul on his laptop. He slams it closed.

Clint shows up at the farmhouse with police to try and take the boys but leaves after the Deputy threatens them, warning them that they need a court order. The Deputy reveals that he was arrested as a suspect for the murder of the Oswalts, but was cleared of the charge, and he was soon after fired for releasing classified information to Ellison. Courtney wants to leave with the boys but the Deputy advises her not to, knowing that each of the murders connected to Bughuul occurred only after the families had fled the homes where the previous murders had occurred. Courtney invites him to stay, and the two develop a budding romance. The Deputy meets with a professor who has come into possession of a ham radio that belonged to Professor Jonas from the previous film, who has mysteriously disappeared. The professor said the ham radio first belonged to a Norwegian family who was murdered in 1973. He plays a recording: the young girl's voice on the tape screams "Bughuul can't hear me over your yelling, Mom!" in Norwegian.

The Deputy deduces that Bughuul exclusively targets the children of the murdered families, and orders the professor to destroy the ham radio. Zach becomes jealous of the ghostly children who visit Dylan, and insists on having their attention. They show Dylan the video of the church murders. After Dylan refuses to watch the last movie, the children turn their attention to Zach and abandon Dylan saying he is not the real target. Clint arrives with the court order and Courtney is forced to leave with Zach and Dylan. The Deputy drives to Clint's home to warn them about the danger, but Clint beats him up. The next day, Zach, as directed by the ghost children, films the family. That night, Dylan contacts the Deputy for help.

Courtney, Dylan, and Clint are drugged and hung on scarecrow posts with sacks over their heads in the cornfield. A possessed Zach lights Clint on fire and films him as he burns to death. Just as Zach is about to light Dylan on fire, the Deputy hits Zach with his car. He frees Courtney and Dylan and they flee into the cornfield. However, Zach survived being hit and pursues them, cutting half of the Deputy's left-hand fingers off with a sickle.

Inside the home, the ghost kids try to help Zach find them. Just as Zach is about to kill Courtney and Dylan, the Deputy manages to break the camera, thwarting Zach's home movie and breaking the cycle. Zach is shamed by the ghost kids for failing to kill his family. Bughuul appears and places his hand on Zach's shoulder, causing Zach to decay and burst into flames. The house catches fire as the Deputy, Courtney, and Dylan escape.

Later, the Deputy finds the ham radio in his motel room while collecting his things to leave with Courtney and Dylan. As a young girl's voice repeatedly whispers "Deputy", Bughuul appears and the screen goes black.


A sequel to "Sinister" was announced to be in the works in March 2013, with Scott Derrickson in talks to co-write the script with C. Robert Cargill, but not to direct, as Derrickson did on the first film.

On 17 April 2014, it was announced that Ciaran Foy would direct the film, and Brian Kavanaugh-Jones, Charles Layton, Xavier Marchand, and Patrice Théroux would executive produce the sequel with eOne Entertainment.

Principal photography began on August 19, 2014, in Chicago. It was shot for six weeks in locations including St. Anne and outside the village of Grant Park.

The trailer for the film was uploaded on April 9, 2015, with the song "Hush, Hush, Hush, Here Comes the Bogeyman" being a main piece in the trailer. The song depicts the boogieman as a coward.

On May 20, 2015, Focus Features relaunched their Gramercy Pictures label for action, horror, and science-fiction films. "Sinister 2" was one of Gramercy's new releases.

"Sinister 2" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on January 12, 2016.

The movie grossed $27,740,955 domestically and $26,363,270 internationally. The film earned $850,000 in ticket sales from late-night showings on Thursday and by the end of its first week, the movie earned $10,542,116, lower than its predecessor which pulled in $18,007,634.

Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film negative reviews and only 16% of the critics enjoyed it. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Sinister 2" has a few ingredients that will be familiar to fans of the original; unfortunately, in this slapdash second installment, none of them are scary anymore." Metacritic gives the film a score of 32 out of 100, based on reviews from 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". CinemaScore announced that audiences gave the film an average grade of "B-" on an A+ to F scale.

IGN awarded it a score of 1 out of 10, saying, ""Sinister 2" is an abysmal follow-up to its predecessor. At least that film knew that less is more. And less is scarier." MoviePilot awarded the film 7 out of 10, calling it "one of the most creepiest horror films of the last few years."



</doc>
<doc id="43653863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43653863" title="New Orleans Uncensored">
New Orleans Uncensored

New Orleans Uncensored is a 1955 film noir crime film directed by William Castle starring Arthur Franz and Beverly Garland.
The docks of New Orleans, Louisiana are controlled by Zero Saxon, a notorious racketeer. When former naval officer Dan Corbett arrives in town, wanting to open a shipping business of his own, he accepts a job working for Saxon to make some money, unaware of how corrupt Saxon's operation is.

Longshoremen's union representative Jack Petty and his girlfriend Alma Mae are impressed by Dan when he flattens a drunk who has been annoying her. They help arrange a job for Dan through Saxon's dock manager, Joe Reilly, whose wife Marie then invites Dan to dinner and introduces him to her brother, Scrappy Durant, a former prizefighter.

Joe is killed by Saxon's thugs to keep him from informing on the illegal activities at the docks. Marie admits she's been expecting this to happen. Dan goes undercover, trying to help the New Orleans police investigate. Due to a misunderstanding, Scrappy attacks him in a boxing ring and Dan accidentally kills him with a punch. Dan is then beaten by Saxon's men, but with Alma and Marie's help, he is able to assist the police in placing Saxon under arrest.





</doc>
<doc id="43655228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43655228" title="L'Atlantide (1992 film)">
L'Atlantide (1992 film)

L'Atlantide is a 1992 French-Italian adventure film directed by Bob Swaim and starring Tchéky Karyo, Christopher Thompson and Jean Rochefort. It tells the story of a former soldier who searches for a man who has disappeared, and comes into contact with a mysterious and attractive queen from an ancient dynasty. It is based on Pierre Benoit's 1919 novel "Atlantida", which had been adapted for film several times before. The film premiered in France on 30 December 1992.



</doc>
<doc id="43655636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43655636" title="Sweepstakes (film)">
Sweepstakes (film)

Sweepstakes is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell from a screenplay written by Lew Lipton and Ralph Murphy. The film stars Eddie Quillan, James Gleason, Marian Nixon, Lew Cody, and Paul Hurst, which centers around the travails and romances of jockey Buddy Doyle, known as the "Whoop-te-doo Kid" for his trademark yell during races. Produced by the newly formed RKO Pathé Pictures, this was the first film Charles R. Rogers would produce for the studio, after he replaced William LeBaron as head of production. The film was released on July 10, 1931, through RKO Radio Pictures.

Bud Doyle is a jockey who has discovered the secret to get his favorite mount, Six-Shooter, to boost his performance. If he simply chants the phrase, "Whoop-te-doo", the horse responds with a burst of speed. There is a special bond between the jockey and his mount, but there is increasing tension between Doyle and the horse's owner, Pop Blake (who also raised Doyle), over Doyle's relationship with local singer Babe Ellis. Blake sees Ellis as a distraction prior to the upcoming big race, the Camden Stakes.

The owner of the club where Babe sings, Wally Weber, has his eyes on his horse winning the Camden Stakes. When the issues between Pop and Doyle come to a head, Pop tells Doyle that he has to choose: either he stops seeing Babe, or he'll be replaced as Six-Shooter's jockey in the big race. Angry and frustrated, Doyle quits. Weber approaches him to become the jockey for Rose Dawn, Weber's horse, and Doyle agrees, with the precondition that he not ride Royal Dawn in the Camden Stakes, for he wants Six-Shooter to still win the race. Weber accedes to that one precondition, however, on the day of the race, he makes it clear that Doyle is under contract, and that he will ride Rose Dawn in the race.

Upset, Doyle has no choice but to ride Rose Dawn. However, during the race, he manages to chant his signature "Whoop-te-doo" to Six-Shooter, causing his old mount to win the race. Furious that his horse lost, Weber goes to the judges, who rule that Doyle threw the race, pulling back on Rose Dawn, to allow Six-Shooter to win, and suspend Doyle from horse-racing.

Devastated, Doyle wanders from town to town, riding in small local races, until his identity is uncovered, and he is forced to move on. Soon, he is out of racing all together, and forced to taking one odd-job after another. Eventually, he ends up south of the border, in Tijuana, Mexico, working as a waiter. Doyle's friend, Sleepy Jones, hears of Doyle's plight. Jones gets the racing commission to lift the ban, by proving Doyle's innocence. He then, accompanied by Babe, gets a group to buy Six-Shooter from Pop, and they take the horse down to Tijuana, where there is another big race in the near future, the Tijuana Handicap.

Doyle is reluctant to ride at first, however, he is eventually cajoled into it by Sleepy and Babe, and of course, his bond with Six-Shooter is there. He rides the horse to victory, re-establishing his credentials as a rider. The film ends by jumping a few years into the future, which shows Doyle and Babe happily married, with a child of their own.


Mordaunt Hall of "The New York Times" gave a very non-committal review of this film, with neither much praise or criticism. While he gave no indication of what he thought about the quality of the film, he enjoyed the performances of James Gleason and Lew Cody, and he called Quillan's performance as Doyle "original".


</doc>
<doc id="43655965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43655965" title="Logan (film)">
Logan (film)

Logan is a 2017 American superhero film starring Hugh Jackman as the titular character. It is the tenth film in the "X-Men" film series and the third and final installment in the "Wolverine" trilogy following "" (2009) and "The Wolverine" (2013). The film, which takes inspiration from "Old Man Logan" by Mark Millar and Steve McNiven, based in an alternate bleak future, follows an aged Wolverine and an extremely ill Charles Xavier who defend a young mutant named Laura from the villainous Reavers led by Donald Pierce and Zander Rice. The film is produced by 20th Century Fox, Marvel Entertainment, TSG Entertainment and The Donners' Company, and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It is directed by James Mangold, who co-wrote the screenplay with Michael Green and Scott Frank, from a story by Mangold. In addition to Jackman, the film also stars Patrick Stewart, Richard E. Grant, Boyd Holbrook, Stephen Merchant, and Dafne Keen.

Principal photography began in Louisiana on May 2, 2016, and wrapped on August 19, 2016, in New Mexico. The locations used for "Logan" were mainly in Louisiana, New Mexico, and Mississippi. Jackman makes his final appearance as Wolverine in the film, having portrayed the character in eight of the nine previous films in the "X-Men" series. Stewart also makes his final appearance as Professor X, having portrayed the character in six films in the series.

"Logan" premiered at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival on February 17, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on March 3, 2017, in IMAX and standard formats. The film received critical acclaim, with much praise for its screenplay, direction, acting (particularly that of Jackman, Stewart, and Keen), action sequences, emotional depth, and departure from traditional superhero films. It became one of the best-reviewed films in the "X-Men" franchise, with many critics regarding it as one of the greatest superhero films ever made, and it was selected by the National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2017. It was nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay at the 90th Academy Awards, becoming the first live-action superhero film ever to be nominated for screenwriting. It grossed over $619 million worldwide and became the fourth-highest-grossing R-rated film of all time.

In 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. An aging Logan's healing ability is failing. Working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas, he and mutant tracker Caliban care for 90-year-old Charles Xavier, Logan's mentor and founder of the X-Men, in an abandoned smelting plant in northern Mexico. Xavier has developed dementia that causes him to have destructive seizures; it is alluded that one year prior, one such seizure released a powerful wave of his telepathic powers that killed seven mutants, leaving the three as the last of the X-Men.

Logan reluctantly agrees to escort Gabriela Lopez, a former nurse for biotechnology corporation Alkali-Transigen, and a young girl, Laura, to Eden, a refuge in North Dakota. Later finding Gabriela dead, Logan is confronted at his Mexican hideout by her killer Donald Pierce, who is Transigen's cyborg chief of security. Pierce is looking for Laura, who has stowed away in Logan's limo and has similar powers to him. She, Logan, and Xavier escape Pierce and his Reavers, but Caliban is tortured into tracking Laura.

A video on Gabriela's cellphone shows that Transigen created Laura and other children from mutant DNA to become weapons; Laura was created from Logan's DNA. As they proved difficult to control and Transigen found an alternative, the children were to be killed, but Gabriela and other nurses helped some escape. In Oklahoma City, Logan discovers that Eden appears in Laura's X-Men comic and tells her it is fictional. The Reavers arrive, but Xavier has a seizure and incapacitates everyone except Logan and Laura, who kill the attackers and inject Xavier with his medication. As they flee, , head of Transigen, arrives to help Pierce.

Logan, Laura, and Xavier help farmer Will Munson and his family after a traffic incident, accepting an offer of dinner at their home, where Logan drives off enforcers from a corporate farm. Rice unleashes X-24, a clone of Logan in his prime and his alternative to the child program, who murders Will's family and Xavier, stabbing Will and capturing Laura. Caliban sets off grenades, killing himself and several Reavers while injuring Pierce. Logan is outmatched by X-24, but Will pins X-24 with his truck before dying from his injuries. Logan and Laura escape with Xavier's body.

After burying Xavier, Logan passes out. Laura takes him to a doctor and persuades him to prove that the site in North Dakota is not Eden. There, they find Rictor and other Transigen children preparing to cross into Canada. Laura finds an adamantium bullet that Logan has kept since his escape from the Weapon X facility, which he once considered using to commit suicide. Logan decides that his job is done and chooses not to accompany them, to Laura's dismay.

When the Reavers capture the children, Logan takes an overdose of a serum given to him by Rictor that temporarily enhances his healing abilities and boosts his strength. With Laura's help, he slaughters most of the Reavers before the serum wears off. As Pierce holds Rictor at gunpoint, Rice tells Logan, who killed Rice's father years ago at the Weapon X facility, that no new mutants have been born due to genetically engineered crops created by Transigen and distributed through the world's food supply. Logan, having found a gun, shoots Rice and injures Pierce. X-24, enraged by Rice's death, fights Logan, as the children combine their powers to kill Pierce and the remaining Reavers. Rictor uses his powers to flip a truck onto X-24, but he frees himself and impales Logan on a large tree branch. Laura uses Logan's revolver and adamantium bullet to shoot X-24 in the head.

Near death, Logan tells Laura not to become the weapon that she was made to be, and after she tearfully acknowledges him as her father, he dies peacefully in her arms. Laura and the children bury Logan, and Laura turns his grave marker on its side to create an X, honoring him as a member of the X-Men before she and the children depart for the Canadian border.


Additionally, Eriq La Salle, Elise Neal and Elizabeth Rodriguez appear as Will Munson, Kathryn Munson, and Gabriela Lopez. Doris Morgado, David Kallaway, Han Soto, Jason Genao, Krzysztof Soszynski, and Alison Fernandez appear as Maria, Danny Rhodes, Valet, Rictor, Mohawk, and Delilah, respectively. In the commentary to "X-Men: Apocalypse", director Bryan Singer had stated that his film's post-credits scene would directly connect with the on-screen debut of "X-Men" antagonist Mister Sinister in "Logan". In January 2017, Mangold stated that the character would not appear in this film. However, the DNA from several mutants, including Logan, in that film was used to create the clones that are seen in this film.

In November 2013, 20th Century Fox initiated discussions over another solo film starring Wolverine, with James Mangold in negotiations to write the treatment for the film and Lauren Shuler Donner returning to produce under The Donners' Company. At the time, Hugh Jackman neither confirmed nor denied his reprisal of Logan in a new film. Jackman clarified that his lapsing contract with Fox, which reportedly would need to be renegotiated after "" (2014), did not mean he was leaving the franchise, as he had been working movie-by-movie since "X2" (2003). He also stated, "I do want to do it with Jim and with [producer] Lauren Shuler-Donner because we had such a great experience. I'm really proud of "The Wolverine" (2013)." Later in the month, Mangold announced that the pre-production aspect of the film had not yet begun, nor the writing process, though he furthered this by stating, "... I would say I'm not there yet. But I have taken finger to key. Let's say that. There's been typing. And ideas. And talking amongst all the principles."

Shortly after the release of "The Wolverine", Mangold spoke of a potential sequel with the aim of not converting it into a "Will the world survive?" film, while also stressing his need "... not to make the same picture again." In December 2013, Jackman spoke of nearing the end of his tenure as the character, while stating that the film was in the very early stages of development. Jackman also revealed that Mangold and he had begun speaking of potential ideas, adding, "... Jim Mangold and I were literally on the phone last night talking about ideas but there is no script and no writer yet so it's a way off." Mangold would later reveal that Jackman was very involved in developing the story, saying, "Hugh and I have been friends for almost twenty years now, and he was there every step of the way. For Hugh and I, the first goal was to construct something more intimate. Hugh often brought up "The Wrestler" and "Unforgiven" as examples. I used those references as well as others. I pitched to both Hugh and the studio that I had an idea for an extremely bloody, existential "Little Miss Sunshine"."

By March 2014, a decision was made to begin shooting after Bryan Singer's "" (2016), with the tentative plan to shoot the films back-to-back, with producer Hutch Parker stating, "... the goal will be "X-Men: Apocalypse" for 2016, which means at the latest [filming begins] in summer 2015, and then the same thing with "Wolverine", either before or after, but based on the script." Also in March, 20th Century Fox set a release date of March 3, 2017, Mangold boarded the project as director, Jackman signed on to reprise his role, and David James Kelly was hired to pen the screenplay. In April 2014, Jackman spoke about his ambitious feelings for the character of Logan, while mentioning that they can go further than what they achieved in "The Wolverine". Jackman also expressed his feelings of finality with portraying the character of Logan, while in terms of storyline, he explained that nothing had been decided as of yet. Jackman concluded by highlighting that the success of the script development would determine whether Jackman would return at all: "I haven't signed on. I'm genuinely at that point where unless it's better than the last one I'm not going to do it. I think it has to be better. I can still see where we can improve on the last one. I love the intimacy of that story, I liked the small stuff, I liked that it was a little unexpected."

In February 2015, Patrick Stewart spoke of discussions about the third Wolverine film, centering around a team-up between Jackman's Wolverine and himself as Charles Xavier, with Stewart stating to Marc Mohan that "... we have been talking about a Wolverine movie, which would team Hugh Jackman and myself together ... That would be a very different sort of "X-Men" from the four movies that I've already done." By April 2015, Michael Green had taken over screenwriting duties, with Mangold still actively overseeing the script development process. In September 2015, Jackman spoke of the writers being halfway through the script, and that the story would delve into the relationship between Wolverine and Professor X, to which he added, "I think it's a really important relationship but I want to see signs of that quasi-father/son sort of relationship that has not been seen before, and sides of particularly Professor X that have not been seen before." Jackman spoke of Mangold's plan to start filming the next year, though he expressed uncertainty as to filming locations. Also in September, Mark Millar, creative consultant for Fox, confirmed that Mangold's film would be a loose adaptation of the "Old Man Logan" story, something that was hinted at earlier by Jackman. In October 2016, the title of the film was announced as "Logan".

In January 2016, Jackman confirmed that Mangold had a full screenplay, albeit not complete. The following month, Liev Schreiber expressed interest in returning to portray Victor Creed / Sabretooth, with Jackman himself mentioning Mangold's vision to Schreiber. After the film's release, it was revealed by Jackman that originally the script had the character play a role in the film, but that Sabretooth was excluded from the final screenplay. By April 2016, Mangold had chosen Boyd Holbrook to portray the main antagonist of the movie, the chief of security for a global corporation that is pursuing Wolverine. Also by April, Richard E. Grant was cast as a villainous mad scientist, and Stephen Merchant had also been cast. In May, Eriq Lasalle and Elise Neal were cast supporting roles, and Elizabeth Rodriguez entered negotiations for a small but key role. Also in May, producer Simon Kinberg revealed that filming had already begun, and confirmed that the movie would be R-rated; regarding the setting and tonality, he stated, "It takes place in the future, and as you and others have reported, it is an R-rated movie. It's violent, it's kind of like a western in its tone. It's just a very cool, different film."

The film included some vintage X-Men comic books, used both to advance the plot and as a metafictional reference. The director clarified that Marvel Comics allowed this on the condition that they could use actual characters and designs, but not use any real comic book issues. As a result, the comic book covers and pages seen in the film were made specifically for it, by writer Joe Quesada and artist Dan Panosian. Mangold commented that "The reality was that, like in Unforgiven, when [Clint] Eastwood runs into Richard Harris, who’s writing these fictional accounts of the great Western heroes, or Pat Garrett in Billy the Kid, where you’ve got these aging heroes who kind of are twilight versions of their own legends — I think that idea, of being a kind of celebrity, or like a sports star long past your heyday, was really interesting for me to investigate with this kind of world." Panosian made 10 fake comic book covers, and interior arts were unused. He pointed that the arts had to resemble the style used in the 1980s, and pointed that they also served to contrast their campy style with the darker tone of the live-action film itself. He said that "The colors and art itself juxtaposed against the raw and savage world in the film capture just how much innocence has been lost over time".

On March 5, 2015, James Mangold anticipated that filming would begin "early next year." Prior to filming, the film was given the false title of "Juarez" to lower the visibility of production, but the local media eventually uncovered the ruse. On March 1, 2016, "The Times-Picayune" had confirmed that Mangold's film is preparing to shoot in New Orleans, Louisiana, with a starting schedule of May. Producers Kinberg, Shuler Donner and Parker chose to film in Louisiana because of its popularity in film making locations, as well as its filming incentive, which includes a 40% tax credit for movie productions, though it requires a minimum expenditure of US$300,000. Principal photography was confirmed to have begun in New Orleans, with an original shooting schedule occurring from April 25 to August 13, 2016, albeit shooting was altered to start on May 2, 2016.

On May 23, 2016, filming took place at the NASA Michoud Plant in New Orleans East, with Jackman being spotted, not far from Slidell, shooting a fight scene outdoors on the property. On May 26, 2016, the intersection of LA 16 at US 51 was closed for a time due to filming, with local store fronts don faux signage to transform Amite City, and east of Amite near Bell Road. It was revealed that scenes were filmed prior in Husser on May 25, 2016, with a scheduled daytime shoot to occur at the Greenlawn Cemetery in Hammond on May 27, 2016. Filming took place from June 9, 2016, until June 10, 2016, in New Orleans and Metairie, respectively.

On June 1, 2016, it was confirmed that 20th Century Fox have applied to film exterior scenes for "Juarez" on Louisiana Highway 15 between Ferriday and Clayton from June 12, 2016, up until June 16, 2016, at the Ferriday Plaza Shopping Center, while a portion of U.S. Route 425 between Ferriday and Clayton will be closed for a five-day period in connection with Fox's production. On June 1, 2016, "The Concordia Sentinel" revealed that Sicily Island High School and a house in Sicily Island will be used in the production, while a crash scene will be shot on U.S. Route 425 just outside of Ferriday. Producers Kinberg, Shuler Donner and Parker choose to film in Ferriday, Louisiana, because of Concordia Parish's beautiful countryside and green cornfields. On June 16, 2016, "Juarez" was originally scheduled to move on toward Sicily Island, however, additional periods of shooting were added. Natchez, Mississippi had been chosen by producers of "Juarez" as the next filming location, for an upcoming scene which required the casting truck drivers, that will be filmed between June 14 up until June 28, 2016.

On July 12, 2016, the "Albuquerque Journal" confirmed that "Juarez" would move on to its third major filming location—New Mexico, which ran through August in Albuquerque, Rio Rancho, Abiquiú, Tierra Amarilla and Chama. The New Mexico Film Office revealed that the production employed about 130 New Mexican crew members and two New Mexican cast members, as well as 600 extras throughout the production, the film office stated. On July 17, 2016, it was reported that the production of "Juarez" was in the process of casting to work on a scene filmed on July 22, 2016, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. On July 25, 2016, it was reported that filming had begun in the Northern Meadows neighborhood of Rio Rancho, while a few miles further down King Boulevard there is an elaborate set built with a toppled water tower, that will be used for exterior shots until June 27, 2016. On August 11, 2016, it was reported that the production of "Juarez" were in the process of seeking worn out cars to work on an upcoming scene filmed on August 12, 2016, in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Principal photography was confirmed to have ended in New Mexico on August 13, 2016, with an altered shooting schedule occurring from May 2 to August 13, 2016, while with post-production beginning subsequent to filming closure on August 23, 2016.

Film editor Michael McCusker was finishing work on Mangold's "Logan", during the period of October 7, 2016, wherein he spoke of going through the dailies and breaking them down, and figuring out the structure of one scene which he described as a "complicated, multi-component scene". McCusker spoke of the task being rather time consuming, on the front end, albeit stating, "I am looking at the back end experience with [Mangold] as the more important experience. I don't want to be searching for stuff for him, I want to be working towards getting the cut right." McCusker concluded by stating that another editor on "Logan" has use for post-production. Chas Jarrett was the overall visual effects supervisor and visual effects company Image Engine worked on most of the visual effects on "Logan".

In July 2016, Cliff Martinez was announced as the composer of "Logan"'s musical score. In December 2016, Mangold announced that Marco Beltrami, who had previously collaborated with Mangold on "" (2007) and "The Wolverine" (2013), would take over from Martinez and score "Logan" instead.


Total Album Length: 57:31


Total Album Length: 59:01

The film takes visual, tonal and thematic inspiration from classic western and noir cinema, with director James Mangold having stated that "Logan"s influences included "visual reference points" of cinema, citing "Shane" (1953), "The Cowboys" (1972), "Paper Moon" (1973), "The Gauntlet" (1977), "Unforgiven" (1992), "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006), and "The Wrestler" (2008).

Mangold spoke of cinematography-based framing, while noting that he does not necessarily think about the "comic-book" related sort, instead highlighting the variety of stylistic influences that went into "Logan". These influences include film noir framings and classic Hollywood filmmaking styles, as well as the Germanic expressionist filmmaking style of the early twentieth century, which Mangold stated has a commonality with comic-book art. Mangold highlighted "Strong foregrounds, playing things in depth: you have to make an image say more within that one image."

Using the image of Logan at a funeral as an example of his stylistic logic, Mangold concluded by mentioning the aspects within modern filmmaking, primarily everything in close-up format. For "Logan", his aim was to set frames that are descriptive, and evocative of comic-book panels and classical filmmaking.

Logan premiered at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival on February 17, 2017, in Berlin, Germany, where it was selected to be screened out of competition alongside "The Bar", "Final Portrait", "Midwife", "T2 Trainspotting", and "Viceroy's House", before screening in the United States, where it was given a wide release on March 3, 2017. In October 2015, Fox confirmed that "Logan" would be released in the IMAX format. In the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, the film was preceded by a short film, "Deadpool: No Good Deed". In it, Deadpool notices a man getting robbed, and springs into action—but first has to change into his costume in a phone booth. As he is finishing up, the man is shot; the short film ends with Deadpool commenting on the strangeness of the phone booth's presence, and eating the man's ice cream. The teaser met with positive reviews. Ryan Reynolds posted an extended version of the teaser via his YouTube channel the day after the film's release.

Prior to the confirmation that the then-untitled "Logan" would be his final appearance in the "X-Men" film franchise, Jackman initially denied such rumors. Jackman stated that he was inspired by Michael Keaton's performance in "Birdman", and wished to portray the character of Wolverine until his death. In July 2015, Jackman posted an image of Logan giving the middle finger with a claw to his Twitter. The image, coupled with the hashtag "#OneLastTime", signified that the film would be his last appearance as Logan, and officially announced his decision to stop playing the character he had been portraying for the past 17 years. Eventually it earned Jackman Guinness World Record of the 'longest career as a live-action Marvel superhero'.

During an appearance on "The Dr. Oz Show" in May 2015, Jackman clarified the confusion over the conflicting sentiments, by stating bluntly that the film would be his final portrayal as the character; he said, "This will be my last one, it is my last time. It just felt like it was the right time to do it, and let's be honest, 17 years. I never thought in a million years it would last, so I'm so grateful to the fans for the opportunity of playing it. I kind of have in my head what we're going to do in this last one. It just feels like this is the perfect way to go out." Jackman has also explained that Jerry Seinfeld has convinced him to quit the role stating, "He said to me, when you're creating something it's very important not to run yourself dry. It's not about finishing on top, necessarily, but making sure you're, creatively, still got something left, which propels you into the whatever's next."

In December 2016, Ryan Reynolds revealed that he had been trying to convince Jackman to re-sign for a Wolverine and Deadpool crossover film. Urging fans to campaign online, he stated, "I want Deadpool and Wolverine in a movie together. What we're gonna have to do is convince Hugh. If anything, I'm going to need to do what I can to get my internet friends back on board to help rally another cause down the line. Hugh Jackman is one of the best human beings. Part of the reason I want to do a Deadpool/Wolverine movie is not just because I think the two would light the screen on fire but I genuinely love the guy." In January 2017, Reynolds and Jackman spoke about the proposed project; Jackman stated, "I'm hesitating, because I could totally see how that's the perfect fit. But the timing may be wrong." Jackman later stated that he would not reprise the role for a team-up film, specifying, "No, and Ryan is currently sleeping outside my house. [Laughs] Look, if that movie had appeared 10 years ago, probably a different story, but I knew two-and-a-half years ago that this was the last one. The first call I made was to [director James Mangold]. I said, 'Jim, I got one more shot at this,' and as soon as Jim came up with the idea and we worked on it, I was never more excited. But, it feels like the right time. Deadpool, go for it man, do your thing. You don't need me."

Jackman expressed interest in continuing to play Wolverine had the character been brought into the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Jackman elaborated, "If that was on the table when I made my decision, it certainly would have made me pause. That's for sure. Because I always love the idea of him within that dynamic, with the Hulk obviously, with Iron Man but there's a lot of smarter people with MBAs who can't figure that out. You never know. At the moment, honestly, if I really did have them there, I probably wouldn't have said this is the last. It just feels like this is the right time [to leave the character]."

Amid rumors of Disney's prospective acquisition of 20th Century Fox's film division, it was revealed such a deal would indeed allow the X-Men related characters to appear in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

During press for "The Greatest Showman", Jackman addressed his earlier statements and whether he would come out of retirement and reprise the role should the deal go through. Jackman stated that while he noted the irony and felt some initial disappointment upon learning the news, he planned on standing by his decision to retire from the role. "It's interesting because for the whole 17 years I kept thinking that would be so great, like I would love to see, particularly, Iron Man and the Hulk and Wolverine together. And every time I saw an Avengers movie I could just see Wolverine in the middle of all of them like punching them all on the head. But it was like, "Oh well, that's not gonna happen," and it was interesting just when I first saw that headline—it was just the possibility of it and who knows what's gonna happen, obviously—I was like, "Hang on!" But I think, unfortunately, the ship has sailed for me, but for someone else I would like to see Wolverine in there."

As for the other principals and their prospective futures; although Patrick Stewart had stated that "Logan" would be the final time he played the role of Professor X, he later said that he would be willing to return to the role in "Deadpool 2" or the "Legion" TV series. Bryan Singer has stated that he would like to see Laura Kinney appear in a future film alongside Deadpool, as the new Wolverine, with Dafne Keen reprising her role from "Logan".

Mangold also stated that with the introduction of Laura / X-23 into the "X-Men" cinematic universe, there is the possibility that the character will appear in future films, and that he would want to be involved should that happen. Simon Kinberg, producer of the "X-Men" series, later stated that the studio has plans for future movies that would be revealed soon, and that among those announcements, is another film featuring X-23. On October 24, 2017, Mangold confirmed to "The Hollywood Reporter" that a script for an "X-23" solo spinoff movie is in the works stating "We're just working on a script".

In April 2016, Fox decided not to showcase its upcoming movie releases, including "Logan", at Hall H at San Diego Comic-Con, as the studio felt it could not prevent the piracy of custom trailers and exclusive footage routinely screened for fans in attendance.

On October 20, 2016, 20th Century Fox released a 90-second teaser trailer to promote "Logan", following a six-second sneak peek the prior day. Later that day, 20th Century Fox released an international red band version of the trailer, featuring slightly more graphic violence than the original. "Empire Magazine" chose the trailer as the best trailer of the year. "The Hollywood Reporter"s Aaron Couch praised the trailer, and stated, "If "Logan" delivers on the promise of this trailer, it will be a true rarity in modern superhero movie making." James Dyer of "Empire" heralded the trailer and its director, James Mangold, by stating: "We've had a veritable feast of great trailers ... from "" to "Rogue One", "Assassin's Creed" and "A Cure for Wellness". But none ..., no matter how impressive, have been quite so artfully constructed as this glorious first look at [Mangold]'s "Logan"." Forrest Wickman of "Slate" called the trailer "surprisingly mournful".

"Logan" was made available on Blu-ray, DVD, and 4K on May 23, 2017, and was released on Digital HD on May 16, 2017.

On April 29, 2017, James Mangold announced via Twitter that a black-and-white version of the film entitled "Logan Noir" would have a limited theatrical run in U.S. theaters, an event set to begin on May 16, 2017. Mangold stated that it was shot as a color film, with awareness that it would play well as a black and white film. The film was re-graded and timed shot by shot for the Noir edition. This version of the film is included on the Digital HD release and also included in the DVD and Blu-ray Combo Pack.

"Logan" grossed $226.3 million in the United States and Canada and $392.7 million in other countries for a worldwide gross of $619 million, against a production budget of $97 million. Worldwide, the film had a global debut of $247.4 million from 82 markets, the fifth-biggest ever for Fox, as well as the second-biggest R-rated IMAX debut, with $20.6 million from 1,068 screens. The film grossed $440.9 million in its first 13 days of release, surpassing the entire theatrical gross of "The Wolverine" ($414.8 million).

Predictions for its opening in the US and Canada were continuously revised upwards, from $55 million to as high as $80 million, with box office pundits noting that the figures could climb even higher. Fox, however, was more conservative with its estimations, predicting an opening in the mid $60 million range. "Logan" received a record-breaking release across 4,071 theaters, the widest for an R-rated film (breaking "American Sniper"s 3,888 theater count). It is also the widest R-rated IMAX release, across 381 IMAX theaters. Five hundred and eighty theatres were premium large-format screens. Two days before the film's release, ticket selling site Fandango reported that the film was outpacing all previous "X-Men" movies (except "Deadpool") at the same point in their sales cycle.

"Logan" earned $9.5 million from Thursday night previews, which began at 7 pm. This marked the second-biggest previews in the "X-Men" franchise, behind only "Deadpool"s $12.7 million. On its opening day, the film scored the biggest R-rated March opening, with $33.1 million (breaking "300"'s record), as well as the third-biggest R-rated debut after "Deadpool" ($47.3 million) and "The Matrix Reloaded" ($37.5 million). Earning a total of $88.4 million during its opening weekend, the film scored the biggest "Wolverine" movie opening, the biggest R-rated March opening, the fourth-biggest March opening, the fifth-largest "X-Men" opening, and the fifth-biggest R-rated opening overall (ninth in terms of inflation adjusted). It is also the biggest R-rated opening weekend that did not take place on a holiday. Approximately 8.2% of the total ticket sales came from Canada, with premium large formats comprising $12.3 million (15%) from 558 screens, and IMAX comprising $10 million (12%) of the film's total opening weekend.

Males comprised a bulk of the audience demographic during its opening weekend, with 63%, while females comprised 37%, with 83% of the audience being between 18 and 44 years of age. Critics noted that the R rating—the second-ever for the "X-Men" franchise—could be a hindering factor in the film's mass appeal. However, by the time of its release, the film met with critical and commercial success and a robust opening. According to a poll conducted by Fandango during its opening weekend, 71% of moviegoers said that more superhero films should be rated R, while 86% were interested in seeing a more violent, adult "X-Men" film that weekend. Furthermore, 96% said they were excited to see Hugh Jackman, 94% were intrigued to see Patrick Stewart reprising his role as Professor X, and 76% were interested in watching newcomer Dafne Keen. In its second weekend, the film dropped 56.9%, grossing $38.1 million and finishing second at the box office behind newcomer "" ($61 million). In its third weekend it made $17.8 million, finishing in third behind "Beauty and the Beast" ($174.8 million) and "Kong: Skull Island" ($27.8 million). In its fourth weekend it made $10.1 million, dropping 43.1% from the previous week and finishing 5th at the box office.

"Logan" was projected to open as high as $105 million. However, US forecasters believed that it could post an even higher opening if it were to overperform in major markets—most notably China. It opened day-and-date in almost every major market except Japan, where "" was released. Fox ultimately decided to postpone the film's release there in order to avoid competition. Through Sunday, the film exceeded expectations and posted a five-day opening worth $152.5 million from 81 markets. This is Fox International's third-biggest launch of all time, behind "" ($172 million) and "Avatar" ($164 million). It debuted at No. 1 in 80 markets. It broke the record for the biggest R-rated IMAX release ever and the biggest 2D IMAX opening, with $10.6 million on 687 screens.

Mainland China is the movie's best grossing market outside America, contributing $106 million in box office. The film became the first ever film required by a new Film Promotion Law, which went into effect on March 1, 2017, to feature an age-restriction warning in its marketing material. Nevertheless, the film is still trimmed by 14 minutes, totaling 123 minutes. It is very likely that the move was due to usual censorship by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, because of the violence depicted. Despite such restrictions, the film managed to debut with a better-than-expected $48.9 million, including previews, according to data from Ent Group (Fox reported $46.3 million). This marked the second-biggest "X-Men" opening in the country, trailing behind only "Apocalypse". Tracking showed that the film opened with 85,000 screenings on Friday, which increased to about 95,000 on Saturday and Sunday, from a 9.98 million attendance. Included within that total was $4.4 million from 388 IMAX screens.

In Brazil, it recorded the biggest opening for Fox, and the seventh-biggest opening overall, with $8.2 million. The top openings were in China ($46.3 million), the U.K. ($11.4 million), Korea ($8.2 million), and Russia ($7.1 million). In India, the film debuted with an estimated 17 crore ($2.5 million) net, equating to a gross of $3.4 million, on 1,400 screens. According to Fox, that was the highest debut for any "X-Men" title in the territory, marginally ahead of "X-Men: Apocalypse". While the debut was not enough to break any significant records, it ranked as the second-biggest opening weekend for a Hollywood release in the January–March quarter, behind "".

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 93% based on 398 reviews, with an average rating of 7.91/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final outing as Wolverine with a gritty, nuanced performance in a violent but surprisingly thoughtful superhero action film that defies genre conventions." Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned a weighted average score of 77 out of 100, based on 51 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak-surveyed audiences gave the film a rare five out of five. Some reviewers noted "Logan" as one of the greatest superhero films.

Scott Collura of IGN gave "Logan" a score of 9.7/10, and called it, "an emotional, heavy picture, but it's also an uplifting one that reminds us that it's okay to fight for something more, something better", and "perhaps the best X-Men movie yet." A. A. Dowd of "The A.V. Club" gave an 'A-' and said that "[the film] manages to deliver the visceral goods, all the hardcore Wolverine action its fans could desire, while still functioning as a surprisingly thoughtful, even poignant drama—a terrific movie, no 'comic-book' qualifier required". Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a 'B-', and called it "both the most violent film in the series and the most sentimental one. When it's not showering you in blood, it's trying to make you spill tears." Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" reacted positively, saying: "Seamlessly melding Marvel mythology with Western mythology, [director] James Mangold has crafted an affectingly stripped-down standalone feature, one that draws its strength from Hugh Jackman's nuanced turn as a reluctant, all but dissipated hero."

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave it 4/5, stating "It is more like a survivalist thriller than a superhero film, and signals its wintry quality with the title itself" and compared Wolverine's hitting of his truck during the film to Basil Fawlty from "Fawlty Towers". James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave it 3.5/4 and said, "In terms of tone and content, "Logan" is "Deadpool"s polar opposite but both productions refuse to play by traditional superhero movie rules ... With his glimpse into what superhero movies can be, James Mangold has given us something sadly lacking in recent genre entries: hope." Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" also gave 3.5/4 and said "the film recognizes that superhero movies such as last year's forgettable "" have become meaningless spectacle ... I'd rank it beside "" among the best X-Men entries." Brian Tallerico of RogerEbert.com stated, ""Logan" has stakes that feel real, and fight choreography that's fluid and gorgeous instead of just computer-generated effects. Most importantly, "Logan" has characters with which you identify and about whom you care. It's not just 'great for a superhero movie', it's a great movie for any genre."

Brian Truitt of "USA Today" said, "Easily the best Wolverine outing, "Logan" is [the] "Dark Knight" of the mutant-filled X-franchise, a gripping film that transcends the comic-book genre by saying something important." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave 3.5/4, and called it "a hard-ass, R-rated rager that explodes with action". Amy Nicholson of MTV called it "a phenomenal, throat-slashing, gut-stabbing superhero movie". Germain Lussier of io9 said, "Logan is beautiful, sophisticated, and still a kick-ass superhero film". Michael Roffman of Consequence of Sound called the film "A game-changing masterpiece". Matt Donato of "We Got This Covered" said, "It's not just one of the best superhero movies ever, it's a damn-fine cinematic representation of the human condition in all its agonizing forms." Joe Morgenstern of "The Wall Street Journal" said, "It's the best superhero film to come out of the comic-book world, and I'm not forgetting Christopher Nolan's 'The Dark Knight'." Jackman's acting as Wolverine has been praised, and his performance topped "The Hollywood Reporter"s Greatest Superhero Movie Performances of All Time list.

Anthony Lane of "The New Yorker" was underwhelmed, commenting on the film's parallel with "Shane," "These quiet images (from Shane) brand themselves on the mind, and the gunshots come as an overwhelming release, whereas when Logan and Laura unleash their furious scythes nothing feels settled or satisfied." Mara Reinstein of "Us Weekly" gave the movie 2.5/4 and specified, in a lukewarm review, that "[t]he film loses its way during the 20-minutes-too-long journey. For all the breathless talk about how "Logan" transcends the superhero genre, there's nothing groundbreaking about a road trip movie in which adults try to elude the bad guys to protect a super-special child." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave it 2/4 and said, ""Logan" is deadly serious, and while its gamer-style killing sprees are meant to be excitingly brutal, I found them numbing and, in the climax, borderline offensive." Stephanie Zacharek of "Time" magazine said, "The grim side of human nature is all over James Mangold's "Logan". But that doesn't necessarily make it a good movie."

In 2017, it was reported that director James Mangold had begun writing a new spin-off sequel to "Logan" focusing on Laura / X-23 and the continuation of her story, with the resurrection of Logan. However few details other than Mangold and Craig Kyle's involvement had been released, nor was it ever listed on Fox's schedule.

After Disney's purchase of Fox was finalized in 2019, all "X-Men" films in development were cancelled, quelling any chances of an X-23 film.



</doc>
<doc id="43656552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43656552" title="Too Many Cooks (film)">
Too Many Cooks (film)

Too Many Cooks is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by William A. Seiter, written by Jane Murfin, and starring Bert Wheeler, Dorothy Lee, Roscoe Ates and Robert McWade. It was released on July 18, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Engaged couple Albert Bennett (Bert Wheeler) and Alice Cook (Dorothy Lee) plan on leaving the city where they both live, in order to build their dream house in the country. They visit the site of their future home, both before, and while it is only the foundation, and later during its continued construction.
The happiness over the new foundation soon dissolves as Albert and Alice start to argue about the floor plan, particularly the intended use of one unused upstairs room, whether it should be used as a den for him - "where I can flick cigar ashes all over, and there's no kick coming" or a fully equipped sewing room for Alice. This problem is made worse when dozens of Alice’s family members come to help, each offering different opinions for Alice's proposed use of the room in the new house.

Albert’s bachelor uncle/employer George (Robert McWade) comes to inspect the house, during which time he mentions with great enthusiasm the recent return of a young woman named Minnie, the daughter of a friend of his, who had sent her off to Europe, "finishing her" as in finishing her cultural education, and apparently doing everything extremely well. Uncle George, when he mentions her to Albert, described her desirable virtues to him, and asks if Albert would be able to break off his engagement to Alice honorably, in favor of pursuing a relationship with Minnie. This of course, is immediately, but tactfully refused, with an attempt at describing Alice's virtues in a similarly positive light. Then Uncle George, in debating his own living circumstances with Albert, and Albert's best friend, Frank Andrews (Hallam Cooley) also offered to pay for it, in exchange for living with the newlywed couple on its completion. Alice’s family vehemently opposes, during which time Uncle George again brings up Minnie as someone Albert really should come to see, but another rebuff causes the offended George to fire Albert. Due to his apparent connection with another woman, at least as she hears her mentioned, Alice calls off their engagement, handing her engagement ring back to Albert, and suggesting tearfully that it might fit Minnie.

Time passes, and the unemployed and single Albert completes the house himself, along with the assistance of local townsfolk who hear of his predicament, and decides to sell it. Alice returns to see the now completed house and she and Albert reconcile. A now happily married George (to Minnie no less, who unknown to Alice, came to see the house as it was listed for sale in the paper, in the same horse-drawn jitney in which Alice traveled there) returns and rehires Albert, and buys the house, only to give it to the new couple as a wedding gift.




</doc>
<doc id="43662137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43662137" title="Stranger on Horseback">
Stranger on Horseback

Stranger on Horseback is a 1955 American Anscocolor Western film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Joel McCrea. The screenplay is based on a story by Louis L'Amour.

Rick Thorne, a circuit judge, rides into Bannerman and discovers everything in town is controlled by rich rancher Josiah Bannerman and his kin. He meets sheriff Nat Bell and district attorney Buck Streeter and asks why Bannerman's arrogant son, Tom, got away with killing a man without an arrest or trial.

Offered no assistance, Thorne stands up to Tom and then jails him. He becomes acquainted with Bannerman's beautiful niece, Amy Lee, who is attracted to Thorne but doubts her cousin Tom is a cold-blooded killer. 

Thorne finds allies in Caroline and Vince Webb, who own a gun shop and are willing to testify with evidence against Tom in court. Thorne realizes he needs to sneak Tom and the Webbs to a different town if he's to get a fair trial. Bannerman and his men pursue them, and Amy Lee watches as Tom deliberately causes Vince Webb's death. In time, Thorne gets the prisoner to the next town safely, and Amy Lee goes to court to back him up.





</doc>
<doc id="43670777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43670777" title="The Swordsman (1948 film)">
The Swordsman (1948 film)

The Swordsman is a 1948 American swashbuckler film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Larry Parks.

In the XVIII century in Scotland, the McArden and Glowan clans stood a violent and long hostility. Alexander, an attractive member of the McArdens clan, fell in love with the beautiful Barbara Glowan. Quickly, their relationship awakens anger of Barbara's cousin, Robert Glowan, who tries to destroy the enemy family forever. The boyfriend, anxious to marry his lover, intend that the two clans live in peace.

The film was based on an original script by Wilfrid Pitit. It was originally called "Annie Laurie" then in November 1946 the title was changed to "The Forge Man" by which time Larry Parks was set to star and Joseph H Lewis to direct. The same month Hedda Hopper said the movie's title was "Glencoe" and that it was filming in secrecy.

Filming finished by March 1947.
The "New York Times" called it "a plain old fashioned horse opera" noting many of the situations and dialogue could have come straight from a Western.


</doc>
<doc id="43670986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43670986" title="Inferno (2016 film)">
Inferno (2016 film)

Inferno is a 2016 American mystery action thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp, loosely based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown. The film is the sequel to "The Da Vinci Code" (2006) and "Angels & Demons" (2009), and is the third and final installment in the "Robert Langdon" film series. It stars Tom Hanks, reprising his role as Robert Langdon, alongside Felicity Jones, Omar Sy, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Ben Foster, and Irrfan Khan. 

Filming began on April 27, 2015, in Venice, Italy, and wrapped on July 21, 2015, in Budapest. The film premiered in Florence on October 9, 2016, and was released in the United States on October 28, 2016, ten years after release of "The Da Vinci Code", in 2D and IMAX formats. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, but grossed $220 million against a production budget of $75 million.

Harvard University professor Robert Langdon awakens in a hospital room in Florence, Italy, with no memory of what has transpired over the last few days, but being plagued with hellish visions. Dr. Sienna Brooks, the doctor tending to him, reveals that he is suffering from amnesia as a result of a bullet wound to the head. An orderly says the police are there to question Langdon but the officer turns out to be Vayentha, an assassin, who shoots the orderly while coming up the hallway. Brooks helps Langdon to escape, and they flee to her apartment.

Among Langdon's personal belongings, Langdon and Brooks find a Faraday pointer, a miniature image projector with a modified version of Sandro Botticelli's "Map of Hell", which itself is based on Dante's "Inferno". They soon realize this is the first clue in a trail left by Bertrand Zobrist, a dangerously unstable billionaire geneticist who believed that rigorous measures were necessary to reduce the Earth's growing population, and who committed suicide three days earlier after being chased by armed government agents.

Langdon and Brooks figure out that Zobrist, who was obsessed with Dante, has created a viral superweapon he has dubbed "Inferno", with the potential of annihilating half the world's population. In the meantime, they have been traced by both Vayentha and agents from the World Health Organization (WHO), who try to raid the apartment, forcing them to flee again. The WHO agents are headed by Elizabeth Sinskey, an old lover of Langdon's, and are trying to prevent the release of the virus. Vayentha reports to her employer Harry Sims, the CEO of a private security company called "The Consortium", who is acting on behalf of Zobrist, who gives her instructions to kill Langdon as he had become a liability.

Langdon's knowledge of Dante's work and history, and of hidden passages in Florence, allows the two to follow clues such as letters and phrases which lead to various locations in Florence and Venice, while inadvertently killing Vayentha and evading the WHO. Along the way, Langdon discovers that he helped a friend of his steal and hide the Dante death mask, a crucial clue, an event he also does not remember. Zobrist had provided Sims with a video message about the virus, to be broadcast after it has been released. Shocked by its content, Sims allies with Sinskey to prevent the outbreak. However, Langdon and Brooks are contacted by Christoph Bouchard, a man purporting to be working for WHO, warning them that Sinskey has a double agenda and is after the Inferno virus for her own profit. The three cooperate for a while, until Langdon realizes that Bouchard is lying and seeking to profit from Inferno himself, forcing the duo to flee on their own again.

Langdon figures out that the virus is in the Hagia Sophia in Istanbul. With that knowledge, Brooks abandons Langdon, revealing that she was Zobrist's lover and that she will ensure the release of the virus. Zobrist and Brooks used to play treasure hunt games; this trail was the backup plan in case something happened to Zobrist. Langdon is recaptured by Bouchard, but Sims kills Bouchard and rescues Langdon, who then re-teams with Sinskey, who asked him for help in interpreting the imagery from the Faraday pointer. Sims reveals he was hired by Brooks to kidnap Langdon when Zobrist had been killed, and drugged with benzodiazepine to induce a memory loss; the events in the hospital were all staged.

They realize the virus is in a plastic bag hidden under water in the Basilica Cistern in Istanbul. The WHO team – joined by Langdon, Sims, and Sinskey – race to locate and secure the bag, while Brooks and her allies attempt to detonate an explosive that will rupture the bag and aerosolize the virus. Sims is killed by Brooks, and when Langdon confronts her, she attempts to release the virus by triggering a suicide bombing. The detonation is able to rupture the bag but because it was already trapped in a special containment unit, the virus was secured in time, and after struggling in vain against Sinskey and Langdon to destroy the container, Brooks' allies are killed. The virus is then taken by WHO, and Langdon goes back to Florence in order to return the Dante Death Mask.


On July 16, 2013, Columbia Pictures set Ron Howard to direct Dan Brown's fourth novel in the Robert Langdon series, "Inferno", with David Koepp writing the script. Imagine Entertainment was set to produce the film, while Tom Hanks was again set to reprise his role as Robert Langdon. On August 26, 2014, Sony had finalized the deal with Howard and Hanks, and set the film for April start of production in Italy. Brian Grazer was also set to produce the film with Howard.

On December 2, Felicity Jones was in early talks to join the film. On February 17, 2015, studio revealed the confirmed cast for the film, including Jones as Dr. Sienna Brooks, Omar Sy as Christoph Bruder, Irrfan Khan as Harry "The Provost" Sims, and Sidse Babett Knudsen as Elizabeth Sinskey, head of the World Health Organization. Ben Foster was set for an unspecified villainous role on March 10, 2015, which later revealed to be the role of Bertrand Zobrist.

Filming began on April 27, 2015, in Venice, Italy, and continued in Florence, Italy, starting at the end of April. Outdoor scenes featuring Hanks were filmed near the Palazzo Vecchio and elsewhere in the historic center of the city, starting on May 2, 2015. Some second unit stunts were filmed at an apartment building close to the Ponte Vecchio, in Florence. Low-flying aerial shots of Florence landmarks, its river and bridges were filmed on May 11, 2015. A sequence displayed in an early trailer features a Padova railway station sign, but locals immediately recognized the scene as recreated somewhere else. As of June 5, 2015, most of the film was planned to be shot in Budapest, Hungary at Korda Studios. Filming wrapped on July 21, 2015.

During location filming, its production codename was "Headache", a reference to a concussion suffered by Langdon early in the story.

In July 2013, Sony set the film a release date for December 18, 2015. However, due to the date clash with "", the release date was moved to October 14, 2016. In early 2016, the release date was pushed back two more weeks to October 28, 2016. It was released in both 2D and 3D formats.

On May 9, 2016, Sony Pictures released the first teaser trailer for the film. The film premiered in Florence, Italy on October 8, 2016, at the New Opera Theater and also held a premiere in India on October 13, 2016, due to the popularity of actor Irrfan Khan.

"Inferno" grossed $34.3 million in the United States and Canada and $185.7 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $220 million, against a production budget of $75 million.

In the United States and Canada, "Inferno" was initially expected to top the box office with around $25 million from 3,546 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $800,000 from Thursday night previews and $5.6 million on its first day, lowering weekend projections to $15 million. It ended up opening to $14.9 million, finishing second at the box office behind "Boo! A Madea Halloween" and marked the fourth straight domestic disappointment for director Ron Howard.

Internationally, the film was released two weeks ahead of its North American debut, across 53 overseas markets (about 66% of its total international market) in order to avoid competition from Disney/Marvel Studios' "Doctor Strange". It finished at first place at the box office in 45 of those countries. In total, it opened to $49.7 million, of which $2.6 million came from IMAX theaters, the second biggest amount of October. It fell 49% in its second weekend, earning $28.9 million from 58 markets and was surpassed by "" at the chart. Italy, where the film was partly shot, delivered the biggest opening with $5 million. This was followed by Germany ($4.4 million), where it competed for No. 1 with the animated "Finding Dory". Russia similarly opened to $4.4 million, followed by the United Kingdom and Ireland ($3.8 million), Spain ($2 million) and the Netherlands ($1.2 million). "Inferno"s £2.97 million debut in the U.K. is considerably less than the first (£9.50 million) and the second film (£6.05 million). In Latin America, the film debuted in first in all 11 markets, earning a combined $9 million. Brazil led with $4 million, followed by Mexico ($2.6 million). Similarly in South East Asia, it saw top openings in six out of seven markets for a combined $6 million. Japan ($3.3 million), Taiwan ($1.7 million), India ($1.9 million) and Indonesia ($1 million) posted the biggest debuts. In China, it opened at number one with $13.3 million. In the Oceania region, Australia launched with $1.8 million. "Inferno" opened to number one across the Middle East for a regional total of $1.8 million. The film opened in France
on November 9 and grossed $24.3 million on its opening weekend.

"Inferno" received generally negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, the film has an approval rating of 23% based on 239 reviews; the average rating is 4.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Senselessly frantic and altogether shallow, "Inferno" sends the Robert Langdon trilogy spiraling to a convoluted new low." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 42 out of 100 based on 47 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

British film critic Mark Kermode gave the film a negative review, calling it, "intergalactically stupid". Cinema Blend wrote "Inferno" is "insufferable. And while you're obviously meant to take "Inferno" with a dash of salt, it's so preposterously stupid and dumb that this rancid popcorn flick becomes increasingly nauseating the further you taste."




</doc>
<doc id="43672644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43672644" title="The Fearmakers">
The Fearmakers

The Fearmakers is a 1958 American film noir crime film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Dana Andrews. The screenplay is based on the 1945 novel of the same name by Darwin Teilhet.

Korean War veteran Alan Eaton (Andrews), who suffered through brainwashing as a P.O.W., returns home and resumes his job at a public relations-opinion research firm in Washington, DC. He finds things aren't quite as he left them. His partner has been killed mysteriously in an accident. He discovers that his company has been taken over by Communist infiltrators intent on fixing public opinion polls and promoting Communist organizations. To stop them, Eaton cooperates with a Senate investigation.





</doc>
<doc id="43674422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43674422" title="Ben-Hur (2016 film)">
Ben-Hur (2016 film)

Ben-Hur is a 2016 American epic historical drama film directed by Timur Bekmambetov and written by Keith Clarke and John Ridley. It is the fifth film adaptation of the 1880 novel "" by Lew Wallace following the 1907 silent short film, the , the Academy Award-winning 1959 film and the 2003 animated film of the same name. It is the third version of "Ben-Hur" released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It has been termed a "re-adaptation", "reimagining", and "new interpretation" of the novel. The film stars Jack Huston, Morgan Freeman, Toby Kebbell, Nazanin Boniadi, Haluk Bilginer, and Rodrigo Santoro.

Principal photography began on February 2, 2015 in Matera, Italy and lasted about five months, finishing in June 2015. "Ben-Hur" premiered on August 9, 2016 in Mexico City and was theatrically released by Paramount Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on August 19, 2016 in the United States in 2D, 3D, RealD 3D, Digital 3D, and IMAX 3D. The film received generally negative reviews and was a box office bomb, grossing $94.1 million worldwide against its $87–100 million production budget plus a large amount spent on marketing and distribution.

A Jewish nobleman, Judah Ben-Hur, and his adopted Roman brother Messala are best friends despite their different origins. Messala enlists in the Roman army and fights in the Roman Empire's wars in Germany. Ben-Hur also develops feelings for the family slave Esther although their different station in life compels him not to pursue her. But when her father Simonides seeks to marry her off to a Roman, Ben-Hur declares his love for her and takes her as his wife. Three years later, Messala returns as a decorated Roman officer. His return coincides with a rising insurrection by the Zealots, Jews who are opposed to the oppressive nature of Roman rule. Ben-Hur treats and shelters a young Zealot youth named Dismas. Messala reunites with Ben-Hur and attempts to convince his adoptive brother to serve as an informant. Following a reunion dinner with Ben-Hur and his family, Messala informs them that a new Roman governor Pontius Pilate will be taking residence in Jerusalem.

Days later, Pontius Pilate marches into Jerusalem with Ben-Hur and his family watching from a balcony. Dismas attempts to assassinate Pilate and in retaliation, the Romans storm Ben-Hur's household and arrest him and his family. Rather than betray a fellow Jew, Ben-Hur takes responsibility for the assassination attempt. His mother and sister are sentenced to be crucified. Ben-Hur and Messala fall out with each other. While being led to the prison galley, Ben-Hur encounters Jesus, who fetches him some water. Ben-Hur endures five years of slavery as a rower aboard a Roman prison galley under the command of Quintus Arius. During a naval battle against Greek rebels in the Ionian Sea, Ben-Hur's galley is boarded but collides with another ship and is destroyed as Ben-Hur manages to cling to a floating mast. He is washed ashore and is found by Sheik Ilderim, who recognizes him as an escaped slave. Ben-Hur manages to convince Ilderim not to hand him over to the Romans by treating one of the Nubian's racing horses. After Ben-Hur develops a bond with the four racing horses, a grateful Ilderim then trains Ben-Hur to be a chariot racer.

Ben-Hur and Sheik Ilderim later travel to Jerusalem to take part in a grand chariot race at the newly built Roman circus. Jesus' preaching ministry draws the attention of governor Pilate and Messala, who is now the commander of the Roman garrison and a champion chariot racer. While visiting Jerusalem, Ben-Hur encounters Esther, who has become a follower of Jesus and is involved in charity work. Esther tells Ben-Hur that his mother and sister are dead, and despite their reunion, the two are kept emotionally apart due to her new cause, which is contrary to his insistence on seeking revenge against Messala.

Ben-Hur later confronts Messala alone in their former home but is forced to flee when Roman soldiers turn up. After the Romans execute twenty Jews in reprisal, Esther completely falls out with Ben-Hur. Sheik Ilderim instructs Ben-Hur in chariot racing techniques. Later, Ben-Hur encounters a former Roman soldier named Druses, who informs him that his mother Naomi and sister Tirzah are still alive. However, their reunion is soured when Ben-Hur discovers his mother and sister have leprosy, the former also appearing to have lost her memory.

Sheik Ilderim bribes Pilate into allowing Ben-Hur to compete by proposing a high wager. Esther tries to convince Messala not to race Ben-Hur, but he is adamant that he will win. On the day of the race, Ben-Hur follows Ilderim's instructions to hold back from the race until the final laps. Using dirty tactics, Messala manages to knock out the other competing charioteers. Following a brutal and grueling race, Ben-Hur wins the race. Messala survives but is badly wounded and loses a leg. Ben-Hur's victory emboldens the Jewish spectators and yields dividends for Ilderim.

Despite his victory, Ben-Hur is despondent about his family and his former friend Messala. Later, Esther witnesses the arrest of Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane. Ben-Hur and Esther witness a bruised and beaten Jesus being forced to carry his cross through the streets. Mirroring his first encounter with Jesus, Ben-Hur tries to offer Jesus water but is beaten by a Roman soldier. Following Jesus' crucifixion, a rainstorm occurs. Naomi and Tirzah are miraculously healed by rainwater containing the blood of Jesus, and Sheik Ilderim pays a ransom to set them free. Despite his anger, Ben-Hur finds the strength to forgive Messala and is reconciled with him and his family. Together, Ben-Hur, his mother, sister, Esther, and Messala accompany Sheik Ilderim's caravan as they leave Jerusalem.


In 2013, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer acquired Keith R. Clarke's script, an adaptation of Lew Wallace's 1880 novel "", which is in the public domain.

In April 2014, Paramount Pictures and MGM announced that they would co-produce a new version of "Ben-Hur", based on the novel, with Mark Burnett and Roma Downey serving as producer and executive producer, respectively. MGM had previously released two films based on the book, the 1925 silent film and the more famous 1959 film of same name. The rights to the latter film were sold to Ted Turner in the 1980s. MGM had just emerged from bankruptcy due to the global success of the twenty-third "James Bond" film, "Skyfall", and "", which both went to gross over $1 billion at the box office worldwide, including above $300 million in the United States and Canada, while Paramount were doing well at the time with the biblical tale "Noah". John Ridley ("12 Years a Slave") was hired to revise the script, with Sean Daniel, Burnett and Joni Levin attached to produce, and Downey, Clarke, and Jason Brown executive producing. Duncan Henderson was later attached to produce, with John Ridley also executive producing. It was announced that the new film would differ from the 1959 version, and deal with the formative relationships of Ben-Hur and Messala growing up as best friends, before the Roman Empire took control of Jerusalem, and that Christ would have a prominent role.
In September 2013, Timur Bekmambetov was hired to direct the film. Bekmambetov was initially reluctant to direct and did not wish to tackle a film whose predecessor had so much impact. After producer Sean Daniel persuaded him to read the script, he accepted it, saying "I read the script. And suddenly I understood this story is not what I expected. It's not a remake, it's an interpretation of the famous book." He stated the story of "Ben-Hur" reminded him of "Romeo and Juliet", "Hamlet", and Anton Chekhov's work. He was fascinated by the 1959 film but found the focus on revenge rather than forgiveness to be the main problem; this was the prime difference between the book and the 1959 movie: the book was written about forgiveness, and the movie was about revenge and miracles. Hence, he wanted to stress the themes of forgiveness and love rather than mere vengeance. He found "the most important values of pride, rivalry, power, strength, the dictatorship of power and self-love" that were prominent in the Roman Empire to be the primary subjects in this version. He said that the film is not just the story of Ben-Hur, but rather the shared story of him and his brother, Messala. Bekmambetov was aware of the comparisons being made with the earlier classical adapted films, and hence felt the need to make the film very different from the others. As a result, he decided to make a realistic drama film rather than a large tent-pole attraction. The director did not set out to make a more stylized version of the past, as he did with ""; he wanted to make a film that was more grounded and tangible.

Producer Mark Burnett stated that films like "Ben-Hur", which are centered on faith and the messages of Jesus Christ, need to feel like epic summer blockbusters in order to attract younger and secular audiences. He explained that part of what caused the immensity of the budget—$100 million—are the special effects and the 3D experience that young audiences are expecting. MGM financed 80% of the production costs, while the remaining 20% were covered by Paramount.

In June 2015, Rob Moore, the vice chairman of Paramount, explained that this version is not so much a remake of the 1959 film, but a new interpretation of the Lew Wallace novel on which both are based.

John Ridley re-wrote the script based on an original screenplay by Keith Clarke, which itself was based on Lew Wallace's 1880 novel "". Ridley admired how Clarke went back to the source material and focused his attention on the subjects of racial slavery and colonization, and the deep relationships between the two friends. He was more drawn to the project since it dealt with themes of faith in a very "potent manner". The studio approached him in October 2013, after he wrote the screenplay for "12 Years a Slave", which went on to win an Oscar the following year. The studio wanted him to make "a production polish that deals with just honing the story and making it filmable."

Tom Hiddleston was originally considered for the title role, Judah Ben-Hur. Jack Huston was later cast instead. On September 11, Morgan Freeman was added to the cast to play Sheik Ilderim, the man who teaches Ben-Hur to become a champion chariot racer. On September 18, sources confirmed that Toby Kebbell was in early talks to play the villain, Messala. On October 15, Gal Gadot was in talks to join the film as Esther, the slave with whom Ben-Hur is in love. Pedro Pascal from the TV series "Game of Thrones" was in talks to play Pontius Pilate. On October 30, TheWrap confirmed that Gadot's negotiations with Paramount and MGM had ended, and the actress had withdrawn, reportedly due to scheduling conflicts with "". On November 4, Marwan Kenzari was added to the cast as Druses, a Roman captain. On November 11, Ayelet Zurer was in final negotiations to play Naomi, Judah Ben-Hur's mother (Miriam in the book and the 1959 adaptation). On 13 November, Olivia Cooke was being considered for Tirzah, Ben-Hur's sister. On December 2, Nazanin Boniadi was confirmed as the actress who would play Esther. On January 12, 2015, Sofia Black D'Elia was cast as Ben-Hur's sister, Tirzah. On January 13, Rodrigo Santoro was announced as Jesus. On January 20, Moisés Arias was added to the cast to play Gestas, a teenage Jewish zealot who is desperate to fight for freedom, after his family has been murdered by the Romans. On January 21, Pilou Asbæk was cast as Pontius Pilate, replacing Pascal for the role.

On February 2, 2015, MGM and Paramount Pictures announced that principal photography had begun and that, like the original film, filming would take place mostly in Italy, specifically in Rome and Matera. The Sassi di Matera in Basilicata and the Cinecittà studios in Rome were also chosen among the film's settings. In most instances, CGI were used extensively. However, Bekmambetov wanted to rely more on practical effects and tried to do as little CGI as possible in moments where it was not heavily needed.

Producers Roma Downey and Mark Burnett chose Matera as a location for Jerusalem, one of the same locations where Mel Gibson's biblical movie "The Passion of the Christ" was filmed. Exterior shooting lasted for two months, and finished in early April 2015. Production then moved to Cinecittà Studios, where interior shooting took place for four months, including the chariot scene, among others. Around 2,000 extras were used throughout the film.

In March 2016, Adam Sidman, an associate of Timur Bekmambetov, sent a request to the Bureau of Land Management's South Coast in Palm Springs, which oversees federal land in the Coachella Valley area, asking if the team can shoot a horse scene in the Painted Canyon, which is off Box Canyon Road, with two horses, several cameras, and a film crew of about 30. His application was rejected, and Sidman thought it was because of the size of the production. He then tried to negotiate again, but to no avail. He then contacted the executive director of the Greater Palm Springs Film Alliance office, Levi Vincent, to look into the matter. To Vincent, it almost seemed like the rejection was based on arbitrary reasons. With the help of local lawmakers, they were able to convinced the BLM to approve the request, but this time with a much-scaled down production of 8 crew members, no horses, and the use of a drone rather than handheld cameras.

The famous chariot race sequence, which runs about 10 minutes, almost exactly the same as in the prior films, was originally planned to be filmed in the Circus Maximus arena in Rome; however, producers were denied access by Italy's national cultural authorities due to fears that the stunts would damage the fragile historic site, which was under restoration at that time. The filming location had been approved by local officials, as well as Rome's mayor, Ignazio Marino, who lamented the decision to deny the producers access, saying, "The aim of the city administration isn't so much to raise revenue in exchange for the use of public space, but to give back to Rome the role of being a big international set, which is in our history and our tradition." According to sources obtained by "The Guardian", the decision to forbid "Ben-Hur" from filming there was due to "technical" issues. Though no official reasons had been given, archaeological experts speculated that the influx of heavy filming vehicles and hundreds of extras to the arena could have caused untold damage to the site. However, the Italian cultural minister, Dario Franceschini, declined to comment. As a result, producers were forced to film the scene at Cinecittà Studios, where much of the 1959 film was also shot. It is not clear whether the filmmakers had planned to use that location for the main chariot race, which is supposed to take place in Antioch, or if they were planning to shoot one of the earlier races that Judah Ben-Hur takes part in while he is still living in Rome. Bekmambetov, however, cited the size of the stadium as too large for shooting as the reason.

The whole race was planned in advance, in several iterations of storyboards and animated previsualization videos. In order to re-create the sequence, producers and horse race track experts built a 1,000-foot-long arena, with a 250 metre long and 50 metre wide track, stands, and gates, called Circus Tiberius, at Cinecittà World, a film-themed amusement park about 45 minutes south of Rome. It was built partly on the back lot of producer Dino De Laurentiis's former studio complex. According to production designer Naomi Shohan, arena designs were compiled from archaeological records of circuses in Roman territories. One-sixth of the arena was physically built and the rest was added to the film by computer graphics. Unique chariots were also built based on original references. A total of 86 horses were supplied by horse master Steve Dent, with back-up animals, and were trained for several months, to be able to race at 40 miles per hour. Dent has assembled larger stables for films like Ridley Scott's "Robin Hood" (2010), but said that "this was more of a worry job." There were 60 handlers for the horses, and 12 horses were put in rotation for every four horse-drawn carriage, so the animals would have a chance to rest. Unlike the chariots in the 1959 version, made by Italian craftsmen and weighed 900lb, this time the team wanted to use the equivalent of Ferraris—small and fast. Multiple chariots were made for each character—some with brakes (though the horses are strong enough to overpower the brakes), some with room for a second "blind driver" or 'bonnet-fitted' camera, some with different-sized wheels for filming on the turns instead of the straights, and some to flip over or crash. Massimo Pauletto, an art director on the film who built the chariots, said that his team had to reinvent a forgotten skill, "from the sketches, nobody was understanding how they could become real," and the toughest part was to fit together practical needs and special-effects needs. Problems cropped up day-by-day as the bolts that held the chariots together kept being broken by the horses due to their immense strength, and the bar that attached the horses was bent. As a result, the crew had to learn how to build a new one week after week.

To capture the thunderous feel of the race, the film crew attached microphones to the horses to record the sound of pounding hooves, and GoPro cameras were buried in the sand. The cameras were also planted on chariots and people, one of which was placed on a soccer ball in the middle of the track while the horses ran over it. Huston and Kebbell spent two and a half months preparing and rehearsing to learn how to drive chariot races in Italy, six days a week. It took time for the stuntmen to learn to drive them, and they were only called in for extremely dangerous stunts. But overall, it was actors in the chariots. A total of 20 chariots were used. A bulk of scenes were done using real practical stunts, without any CGI assistance, and digital models were only used when filming was too dangerous. Around 400 extras were used as spectators (which were then increased to around 100,000 with special effects). Bekmambetov's goal was to shoot these action scenes so realistically that the audience feels that they are inside the chariot and driving it. He was inspired by YouTube videos and Instagram photos, "The camerawork is very specific when we see NASCAR or motorbike racing on YouTube. It's either long-lens [close-up] cameras, very professional, or it's iPhone cameras from people in the crowd, cars passing by at the speed of light and they barely have a chance to pan and catch something."

Phil Neilson, who served as the stunt coordinator for the film, had previously worked on many films, including Ridley Scott's "Gladiator". Jonathan Stamp, a historian who had consulted on the HBO/BBC series "Rome", advised on the film's chariot design. He noted that the chariots in the 1959 film were unrealistically ornate. Filming for this particular scene lasted for 45 days in a span of three months. The inspiration for the use of minimal CGI for this sequence came from "Hardcore Henry", on which Bekmambetov was a producer. Accidents were done with computer imagery. The two lead actors did much of their own riding, without harm.

Huston and Kebbell were asked if they wanted stunt doubles for their parts, and they declined.

A stuntman was thrown off from his chariot during filming, but suffered only mild injuries. Another stuntman was thrown from a chariot and run over by the wheel of another. He was later hospitalized and treated for bruised ribs. Bekmambetov said the authentic Roman costumes, with leather straps around the charioteer's chest, prevented that injury from being worse—though Daniel noted that every driver wore Kevlar underneath his costume.

All the harnesses and reins were made from nylon webbing. For the tightly scripted spills, huge rubber mats were placed beneath piles of sand to break falls. The horses wore leather booties to ensure their back hooves did not clip their front legs and gouge out chunks of flesh in the melee.

Ben-Hur – Songs Inspired by the Epic Film is the soundtrack of the film. It was released on August 19, 2016 by Word Entertainment.

Ben-Hur (Original Motion Picture Score) is the film score for "Ben-Hur". All scores were composed and conducted by Marco Beltrami, with additional music by Brandon Roberts and additional conducting by Mark Graham. It was released on 5 August 2016 by Sony Classical Records.

"Ben-Hur" was originally scheduled to be released in the United States and Canada on February 26, 2016, but Paramount moved its release date to August 12, 2016. According to "Variety", the decision to switch from February to August may have been due to the studio's faith in summer being the best time to release a tentpole epic. At the 2016 CinemaCon, Paramount again announced it was moving the release date to August 19, 2016, and scheduling "Florence Foster Jenkins" for August 12, when "Pete's Dragon", "Sausage Party", and "Anthropoid" were also scheduled to be released. The film was released in regular 2D, IMAX, 3D, Digital 3D, RealD 3D and IMAX 3D. It was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on September 7.

Deadline Hollywood called the August date a prime time for the studio, after witnessing success with the releases of "" and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" during the month of August. Furthermore, the site highlighted that the 2016 Summer Olympics would be an ideal platform for the studio to promote the film, and that mid-August has proven to be the last point of time in the summer for a film to accrue a large amount of revenue, before weekend box office performances drop from the Labor Day holiday onwards. "Ben-Hur" is the third summer 2016 tentpole from Paramount Pictures, following "" (3 June) and "Star Trek Beyond" (22 July). It was the last big-budget release of the summer movie season.

"Ben-Hur" was released in Malaysia on 15 September 2016. The film's release drew controversy, when some viewers complained that scenes depicting Jesus Christ had been cut out from the Malaysian theatrical version. The Malaysian Film Censorship Board's chairman, Datuk Abdul Halim Abdul Hamid, clarified that the Malaysian censors had not cut out scenes depicting Jesus from the film, but suggested that the film producers did cut out a few scenes to suit the sensitivities of certain markets. The film's Malaysian distributor, United International Pictures Malaysia, has since confirmed that the cuts were made to fulfil local legal requirements and guidelines.

Two exclusive photos of the film were released by "USA Today" on March 14, 2016. On March 15, "Entertainment Tonight" released a world exclusive premiere of some of the scenes of the chariot race, and on the following day, the first official trailer was released online, along with a teaser poster.

The trailer was released a week after Paramount released "10 Cloverfield Lane" in theaters. Although Paramount did not secure a Super Bowl commercial spot for the film, Scott Mendelson of "Forbes" felt that it was an appropriate film to advertise before Sony Pictures' faith-based "Miracles from Heaven" opened on March 16. The trailer garnered a polarized reception from critics and audiences, with comparisons being made to "", "Gladiator", and "". In its first week, the trailer was viewed over 8.2 million times across YouTube and Facebook, making it the fourth most viewed trailer of the week. The trailer was also screened in front of over 30,000 people at Hillsong Conference 2016.

Jesus is in the film, which was used for some faith-based marketing to a Christian audience.

"Ben-Hur" was released on Digital HD on November 29, 2016 and on Blu-ray and DVD on December 13, 2016.

"Ben-Hur" was called by Hollywood observers the summer's biggest box office bomb, and one of the biggest flops of 2016. The film grossed $26.4 million in the United States and Canada and $67.7 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $94.1 million, against a production budget of $87–100 million. Due to its underperformance at the box office, executives at rival studios believe the film lost around $100–120 million theatrically. Sources close to the film, however, believe the ultimate losses were likely $60–75 million, noting the film could do well on DVD and other home entertainment platforms. The losses for MGM were heavier, since they financed 80% of the total production budget, including marketing expenses. As a result, Paramount's share of the loss was about $13 million. Sources at rival studios put the film's break even point at about $250 million globally.

"The Hollywood Reporter" placed "Ben-Hur" among the biggest summer box office risks of 2016, while "Forbes" deemed it "the summer's most predictable miss/catastrophe". In the United States and Canada, the film was projected to gross to about $15 million in its opening weekend, a disappointing figure considering its $100 million production cost. Due to a negative reception from critics and the influx of heavy competition, the re-opening of schools after summer vacation, and the final weekend of the Rio Summer Olympics, the film's opening expectations were lowered as its opening approached. It opened Friday, August 19, 2016, on around 3,300 screens across 3,084 theaters, and earned $4.1 million, including $900,000 it made from Thursday previews at 2,389 theaters. The film went on to gross a low $11.2 million in its opening weekend, even with 3D and IMAX bumps, finishing sixth at the box office and third among new releases, behind "Kubo and the Two Strings" and "War Dogs". The film's opening weekend demographic was 51% female vs. 49% male, with 94% of the overall audience coming in over the age of 25.

Many box office critics and publications considered the film a box office bomb based on its opening alone. Jeff Bock, a box office analyst with Exhibitor Relations, called it "the bomb of the summer." Critics pointed out that a lack of star power, its August release date, competition, negative reviews (both from critics and audiences), and a lack of marketing, were potential causes for the film's underperformance. According to "Variety", the film was unable to expand beyond its core Christian audience. It performed well in areas of the US that are more religious, but did not do as well in more secular regions of the country. As a result of its poor opening, "Ben-Hur" joined various other films set in ancient times to underperform at the box office, especially recent big-budget movies from major studios – "" (2014), "The Legend of Hercules" (2014), and "Gods of Egypt" (2016).

"Ben-Hur" depended heavily on foreign markets, especially in Christian offshore territories, such as Latin America, in order to pass its break even point and to recoup its production budget (including marketing expenses). Outside North America, "Ben-Hur" grossed $10.7 million in its opening weekend from 23 international markets (18 territories released by Paramount and 5 by MGM). It had No. 1 openings in certain markets like Mexico, the Philippines, India, Peru, Russia, France, and Bulgaria. Its top openings were in Mexico (2.7 million), Russia ($2.3 million), Brazil ($2.2 million), the U.K. ($1.5 million), France ($1.2 million), and Spain ($1.1 million). In the United Kingdom and Ireland, the film earned £265,000 in Wednesday and Thursday previews and through Sunday, and had a total opening of £1.05 million from 509 theaters. It debuted in second place behind the animated "Sausage Party", after stiff competition from the horror film "Don't Breathe", for the second spot. Minus previews, it earned £783,000 from Friday to Sunday alone, which placed the film at number five on the chart.

It opened in South Korea on September 14, and delivered a robust 5-day opening worth $6.69 million from 707 theaters. It finished in first place among Hollywood films (ahead of "The Magnificent Seven"), and in second place overall behind local film "The Age of Shadows". Although it fell to second place in its sophomore weekend, it managed to fend off newcomers "The Magnificent Seven" and "I Am a Hero", and grossed a total of $8.8 million there. It opened in China—the world's second biggest movie market—on October 10, and delivered a paltry $2.51 million in its opening weekend. However, this is reflective of a seven days total as it opened on a Monday. Based on Friday to Sunday alone, the total was just $460,000, managing to debut at number ten.

In terms of total earnings, South Korea ($8.8 million), Mexico ($6 million), and Brazil ($5.5 million) were its top markets. The film's opening date in its final market, Japan, was February 8, 2017.

"Ben-Hur" received generally negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 25% based on 177 reviews with an average rating of 4.6/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "How do you fight an idea? By filming a remake that has too few of its own, and tries to cover it up with choppy editing and CGI." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 38 out of 100 based on 34 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.

"The A.V. Club"s Ignatiy Vishnevetsky, giving one of the few positive-leaning reviews, wrote: "At first, the new adaptation of Lew Wallace’s New Testament soap opera seems impersonal, as dusty and ornamented as any movie in which robed Jews and Romans argue about gods and kings in accents of vaguely British origin [,]" but as it progresses, ""Ben-Hur" announces itself as the sort of elemental re-imagining of the source material that no one in their right mind would ever expect it to be." "IGN"s Scott Collura gave the film 5.8/10, writing: ""Ben-Hur" is an adequate introduction to the classic tale of revenge and forgiveness, but it's an uneven one. Toby Kebbell's antagonist character frequently outweighs the appeal of Jack Huston’s hero, the more religious elements of the story don’t jell very well with the action set pieces, and much of the cast are left behind by their own movie. But still, there’s no denying the power of Ben-Hur's final redemption. It’s just not a very smooth ride getting there."

The "New York Times" Stephen Holden wrote, "Overseen by a director not known for his human touch and lacking a name star, except for Mr. Freeman, "Ben-Hur" feels like a film made on the cheap, although it looks costly." Richard Roeper gave the film two stars out of four, writing: ""Ben-Hur" struggles to find an identity and never really gets there. The well-intentioned efforts to achieve moving, faith-based awakenings are undercut by the casually violent, PG-13 action sequences." "The Hollywood Reporter"s Todd McCarthy described the film's chariot race scene as being "heavily digitized and over-edited", and called it the worst scene of the film he described as "Misguided, diminished and dismally done in every way".

"Rolling Stone" labeled the film "A Remake Disaster of Biblical Proportions." "Empire" summarized it as "Passable for the most part, but laughably inept in places."

Sister Rose Pacette wrote a positive review for the "National Catholic Reporter", objecting only to the anachronistic costumes worn by Jewish women in the film.

The movie has resulted in a court fight about labor agreements.




</doc>
<doc id="43676921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43676921" title="But I Don't Want to Get Married!">
But I Don't Want to Get Married!

But I Don't Want to Get Married! is a 1970 American made-for-television comedy film starring Herschel Bernardi, Shirley Jones, Brandon Cruz, Nanette Fabray and June Lockhart. It was aired on October 6, 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space.

A widower meets a bunch of women who want to get married.



</doc>
<doc id="43679538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43679538" title="King Arthur: Legend of the Sword">
King Arthur: Legend of the Sword

King Arthur: Legend of the Sword is a 2017 epic fantasy action adventure film directed by Guy Ritchie who co-wrote the film with Joby Harold and Lionel Wigram from a story by Harold and David Dobkin, inspired by Arthurian legends. The film stars Charlie Hunnam as the title character and Jude Law as the tyrannical king Vortigern who is attempting to kill him, with Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey, Djimon Hounsou, Aidan Gillen, and Eric Bana in supporting roles.

"King Arthur" premiered at the TCL Chinese Theater on 8 May 2017 and was theatrically released in 2D and RealD 3D on 12 May 2017 in the United States and 19 May 2017 in the United Kingdom. The film grossed $148 million worldwide against its $175 million production budget, with critics "warning audiences to stay away". Originally, the film was meant to be the first in a six-film franchise, but the planned sequels were cancelled after it underperformed at the box office and lost Warner Bros. and Village Roadshow Pictures over $150 million.

Mordred, an iron-fisted warlock, and his armies lay siege to Camelot, seeking to establish the dominance of mages over humankind. Uther Pendragon, king of the Britons, infiltrates Mordred's lair and beheads him, saving Camelot. Uther's treacherous younger brother Vortigern, who covets the throne, orchestrates a coup and sacrifices his wife Elsa to moat hags to become a demon knight, who kills Uther's wife Igraine and slays Uther in combat. The only survivor is Uther's son Arthur, who drifts away in a boat and ends up in Londinium, where he is found and raised by prostitutes.

Arthur grows into a skilled fighter and man of the streets. Arthur and his friends confront a group of Vikings who had mistreated one of the prostitutes, forcing them to pay her restitution. Afterwards, the brothel is raided by the Blacklegs, Vortigern's minions, and Arthur learns that the Vikings were under the king's protection. Arthur tries to escape the city but is caught and put on a ship with hundreds of other men; the Blacklegs have been forcing all men of Arthur's age to try to pull a sword that has appeared near the castle from the surrounding stone. Arthur is able to remove the sword but is quickly overwhelmed by its power and passes out. Vortigern meets with him in the dungeon, revealing his true lineage.

Meanwhile, a mage identifying herself as an acolyte of Merlin presents herself to Uther's former general, Sir Bedivere. At Arthur's planned execution, the mage uses her magic to stage a diversion while Bedivere's men rescue Arthur. Taken to Bedivere's hideout, Arthur initially refuses to help them. The mage persuades Bedivere to take Arthur to a realm called the "Darklands," where he's given a vision of how Uther sacrificed himself to save Arthur and entomb the sword in stone. Arthur learns Vortigern was responsible for persuading Mordred to rebel against humanity, and he returns determined to destroy Vortigern.

With his friends and Bedivere's men, Arthur stages a series of ambushes against Vortigern, culminating in an assassination attempt in Londinium. The rebels sense a trap but attack anyway, fleeing to a fighters' school run by Arthur's mentor George, where they are overrun by the Blacklegs. Seeing the mage held at knifepoint, Arthur unleashes Excalibur's potential, single-handedly killing all of the soldiers and allowing most of the rebels to escape the city. However, in the ensuing chaos, Arthur's close friend Back Lack is wounded and murdered by Vortigern in front of Arthur and Back Lack's son later that night.

Ashamed of his failures, Arthur tries to throw away the sword, but the Lady of the Lake returns it and shows him a vision of England's future under Vortigern's rule. Coming to terms with his responsibility, Arthur reunites with Bedivere. When they return to the rebel hideout, however, they discover all of their allies dead, Vortigern having found them and delivered an ultimatum: if Arthur does not surrender himself, the captured mage will die. Arthur surrenders himself, but as Vortigern is about to execute his nephew, a giant snake summoned by the mage attacks and devours Vortigern's men. While Bedivere and the others lead an attack on the castle, a desperate Vortigern sacrifices his only daughter and is transformed into the demon knight, confronting Arthur in a separate dimension. Despite his fighting skill, Arthur is beaten, and he is about to submit when he witnesses a vision of his father, convincing him to accept the sword and his character as his own. Arthur violently slays Vortigern but blesses him as he dies.

In the aftermath, Arthur dissolves Vortigern's pact with the Vikings and begins building a Round Table where his knighted friends will meet. Blue and the prostitutes arrive with the crown of Uther, which Arthur accepts, holding the sword aloft.

David Beckham makes a cameo appearance as Trigger, a guard who oversees the prisoners who attempt to pull Excalibur from the stone.

After 2004's "King Arthur", Warner Bros. made multiple attempts to make a new film based on Arthurian legend: one was a remake of "Excalibur", helmed by Bryan Singer, while the other was a film titled "Arthur & Lancelot", which would have starred Kit Harington and Joel Kinnaman in the title roles respectively. Warner Bros. worried that neither names were big enough, and attempted to replace both actors with more profitable ones, before eventually dropping the project altogether.

Warner's next attempt to create a new King Arthur film was an attempt to create an Arthurian cinematic universe which would span six films, following different characters before their eventual team up. For this endeavour they hired director Guy Ritchie, who has himself attempted to make a King Arthur movie prior to that. According to "The Guardian", the script soon became "a strange Frankenstein's Monster-style screenplay" incorporating elements from several of the unproduced Arthurian scripts.

In August 2014, Charlie Hunnam, Ritchie's choice for the role, was cast to play King Arthur. Elizabeth Olsen was in talks for the female lead, but on 18 September, Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey landed the role instead. On 14 November, Jude Law was in talks to play the lead villain role in the film. On 11 February 2015, Eric Bana was added to the cast to play Uther, the father of King Arthur. Mikael Persbrandt joined the film on 6 March 2015, to play a villainous role. Although there were reports Idris Elba had been cast, he would confirm, in a Reddit AMA, this was a rumour.

Filming in Windsor Great Park was underway in February 2015, then later in North Wales from 2 March 2015. Later on 10 March 2015, Ritchie tweeted a photo and confirmed the first day of shooting. In April 2015, filming took place in Snowdonia, where locations used were Tryfan, Nant Gwynant near Beddgelert and Capel Curig. Early in July filming continued in the Shieldaig, Loch Torridon and Applecross areas of Wester Ross in the Scottish Highlands. One day of filming also took place at The Quiraing on the Isle of Skye. Filming also took place at Warner Bros. Studios, Leavesden.

In April 2014, "Warner Bros." set the film for a 22 July 2016 release, alongside "Lights Out", but it was then moved by Warner Bros. to 17 February 2017, alongside "". Warner Bros. moved the release date to 24 March 2017. The title was changed to "King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" in July 2016. In December 2016 the release date was again moved, this time to 12 May 2017, possibly so as not to compete with "CHiPs".

The trailer was released on 23 July 2016, during the 2016 San Diego Comic-Con and was attached to screenings of "", "Don't Breathe", "Shut In" and "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them".

It was originally planned for an IMAX 3D release on 22 July 2016, as evident in the Comic-Con trailer, but was canceled due to it being postponed and only received IMAX At AMC presentations. The first extended TV spot was released on 22 January 2017 and was shown on the 2017 NFC Championship Game on Fox Broadcasting Company between the Atlanta Falcons and the Green Bay Packers and the 2017 AFC Championship Game on CBS between the Pittsburgh Steelers and the New England Patriots.

A second trailer was released on 20 February 2017 and was attached to "Logan", "", "Power Rangers" and "Ghost in the Shell". The third and final trailer was released on 1 April 2017 and was attached to "The Fate of the Furious", "The Lost City of Z" (which also starred Hunnam) and "Free Fire". All in all, Warner Bros. spent $135 million on marketing the film.

The film was shown at select AMC Theatres in a special preview on 27 April 2017, in a promotional event titled "King for a Day." Demand for tickets led AMC to expand the event to 200 theatres.

"King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, 3D Blu-ray and Ultra HD on 8 August 2017.

"King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" grossed $39.2 million in the United States and Canada and $107 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $146.2 million, against a production budget of $175 million. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the film lost the studio $153.2 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In North America, the film was released alongside "Snatched" and was initially projected to gross around $25 million from 3,702 theatres during its opening weekend. It made $1.15 million from Thursday night previews at about 3,200 theatres, but after making just $5.3 million on Friday, weekend projections were lowered to $15 million. It ended up debuting to $15.4 million, finishing third at the box office. "Deadline Hollywood" noted that due to the film's $175 million production budget, as well as at least an additional $100 million spent on marketing, the film was destined to be a box office bomb. Regarding the cost of the film, the site quoted one finance expert as saying: "Make original IP [intellectual property] for a cost effective price. If it works then spend more if necessary on the sequel. "King Arthur" should have been done for $60–80 [million]. Warner Bros. had no reason to spend $175M-plus on this picture." Comparing its opening to cost, "IndieWire" called the film's failings "historic". "The Hollywood Reporter" noted that the film would likely lose about $150 million. In its second weekend the film grossed $7.2 million (a drop of 53.5%), finishing 5th at the box office.

The film debuted at No. 1 in an estimated 29 countries, including Russia, with openings to follow in the United Kingdom, France, South Korea and Australia. Over its opening weekend, it made only $29.1 million worldwide, in 51 non-American countries.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 31% based on 262 reviews and an average rating of 4.67/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" piles mounds of modern action flash on an age-old tale – and wipes out much of what made it a classic story in the first place." On Metacritic, the film has a score 41 out of 100 based on 45 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reporter filmgoers gave it an overall positive score of 78%; 56% of the opening weekend filmgoers were under the age of 35, and 59% were men.

Writing for "The Guardian", Peter Bradshaw gave the film a generally positive review: "Guy Ritchie’s cheerfully ridiculous Arthur is a gonzo monarch, a death-metal warrior-king. Ritchie’s film is at all times over the top, crashing around its digital landscapes in all manner of beserkness, sometimes whooshing along, sometimes stuck in the odd narrative doldrum. But it is often surprisingly entertaining, and whatever clunkers he has delivered in the past, Ritchie again shows that a film-maker of his craft and energy commands attention, and part of his confidence in reviving King Arthur resides here in being so unselfconscious and unconcerned about the student canon that has gone before."

In a pan of the film for the "Chicago Tribune", Michael Phillips questioned the long-term longevity of the projected series of six "Arthur" films from Ritchie: "I'm no businessman, but plans for a six-film franchise may be optimistic. Optimism is nowhere to be found in Ritchie's movie itself. It is a grim and stupid thing, from one of the world's most successful mediocre filmmakers, and if Shakespeare's King Lear were blogging today, he'd supply the blurb quote: 'Nothing will come of nothing.'." Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com gave the film one-and-a-half out of four stars, stating that despite the potential for a revisionist King Arthur story with "[t]he Ritchie sense of style", the overall problem is the film's lack of modulation: "Ritchie keeps rushing us along for two hours, as if to make absolutely certain that we never have time to absorb any character or moment, much less revel in the glorious, cheeky ridiculousness of the whole thing."

Alissa Wilkinson of "Vox" writes that the film is "surprisingly good, and surprisingly political" in relation to the British withdrawal from the European Union, and "occasionally, it's even pretty great". Chris Hartwell of "The Hollywood Reporter" expressed disappointment in the film's lackluster box office performance denying a sequel for the introduction of Merlin, stating it would have been more successful as a solo film instead of setting up a franchise.



</doc>
<doc id="43681240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43681240" title="Cut Snake">
Cut Snake

Cut Snake is a 2014 Australian thriller film directed by Tony Ayres. The title comes from the Australian idiom "mad as a cut snake" which describes either insanity or anger so extreme you don’t want to get near it. The film was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Merv (Alex Russell) is an ex-convict who is trying to make a new life for himself in 1970s Melbourne. He has found honest work and even becomes engaged to Paula (Jessica De Gouw), but the prospect of his new life is challenged when his foreboding and charismatic former cellmate James (Sullivan Stapleton) arrives in town and pressures Merv into going back to his old ways.


"Cut Snake" was met with positive reviews from critics and audiences, earning an 80% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes.



</doc>
<doc id="43682467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43682467" title="Felix and Meira">
Felix and Meira

Felix and Meira () is a 2014 Canadian drama film directed by Maxime Giroux and starring Martin Dubreuil, Hadas Yaron and Luzer Twersky. It is about an improbable affair between two Montreal residents, one a married woman from a devoutly Jewish family and community, and the other a single French Canadian man with his own family issues.

The film premiered in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, where it won the Award for Best Canadian Film. It received numerous other film festival awards and was nominated for five Canadian Screen Awards, including Best Motion Picture.

In Mile End, Montreal, a Hassidic Jewish woman named Meira lives a miserable life, married to Shulem who does not allow her to listen to secular music. They have a young daughter named Elishiva, but Meira confides in her friend that she does not want any more children, despite their religious duty. Word reaches Shulem, who berates Meira for shaming the small family. By chance, Meira meets Félix, a French Canadian man who has just lost his father Théodore, who at the end of his life no longer knew Félix was his son. Meira is mystified by the fact that Félix has no children, as he is single, a novel concept for her as she comes from a culture where women have as many as 14 children. She avoids eye contact with him, and becomes enraged when, while they are playing Ping-Pong, Félix's sister Caroline unexpectedly arrives and sees her.

Félix and Meira go out dancing. Caroline also informs Félix that their mother had an affair, drawing parallel to Félix's interest in a married woman. Eventually, Shulem sees Félix and Meira walking on a street together, rushes up behind them and begins slapping Félix.

Later, Shulem visits Félix in his apartment, informing him that if Meira and Félix reunite, Meira will never be allowed to return to the Hassidic community. Shulem also asks Félix to keep Meira safe and cared for. Before leaving, Shulem notices a folded up piece of paper, that Félix says was written by Théodore and never read. Shulem reads it, revealing Théodore apologized for bullying Félix to conform to the family, where he never felt comfortable. Félix and Meira take Elishiva to Venice.


"Felix and Meira" was director Maxime Giroux's third full-length film, and said that in writing and directing it, he learned more about his home of Montreal. Additionally, he said he lived near Hassidic Jews on Mile End, and knew it was particularly challenging for women to leave the culture. While meeting and discussing possible stories with co-writer Alexandre Laferrière at cafes, Giroux said "we’d see these women and men walking by and we just didn’t know anything about them." Laferrière did much of the research.

Giroux assembled a cast including actors who were once Hassidic Jews but later gave up that faith and culture. He commented, "It's their story in a way and I know at some point, it was difficult for them to shoot some of the scenes because it was really close to what they lived in their lives. It's tough for them to reinvent themselves and have a new life in our society." It was challenging to cast Yiddish-speaking actors in Montreal, but in New York several people pointed Giroux to Luzer Twersky, who they said would be interested.
The producers recommended Hadas Yaron, but as she did not speak French or Yiddish, she had to study both languages, working on Yiddish with Twesky and French in Israel.

"Felix and Meira" premiered in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. It was also in competition at the San Sebastián International Film Festival and at the Torino Film Festival. In January 2015, it screened at the New York Jewish Film Festival.

The film had a wider release in Quebec theatres on 30 January 2015, distributed by FunFilm, and had a limited release in the United States on 17 April 2015. It was released on DVD on 12 May 2015. By September 2015, the film had played in over 50 festivals and 15 countries.

The film received positive reviews, with a 77% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 44 reviews. It was included in the list of "Canada's Top Ten" feature films of 2014, selected by a panel of filmmakers and industry professionals organized by TIFF. Marc-André Lussier wrote in "La Presse" the film was not sensational, but subtle, sensitive and highly interesting. Brendan Kelly, writing for "The Montreal Gazette", gave the film four stars, praising it as "so powerful precisely because it’s so understated."

Outside Canada, Joe McGovern of "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a B. Jeannette Catsoulis, writing for "The New York Times", called it "a tenderly observed love story." Ty Burr wrote in "The Boston Globe" that the film avoided melodrama about cultural conflicts to focus on its characters, and criticized the Motion Picture Association of America for giving the film an R rating, though there is a scene where Meira watches a couple have sex. "Variety"'s Peter Debruge said it was easy to root for Meira's liberation, but was not satisfied with the ending. Conversely, Jordan Hoffman of "The New York Daily News", felt it lacked chemistry.

The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but it was not nominated. It was a rare Canadian submission for featuring a substantial amount of Yiddish as well as French.




</doc>
<doc id="43682645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43682645" title="Heartbeat (2014 film)">
Heartbeat (2014 film)

Heartbeat is a 2014 Canadian drama film written and directed by Andrea Dorfman. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film stars poet and musician Tanya Davis as Justine, an unfulfilled advertising copywriter who dreams of becoming a musician but struggles with stage fright.

After Justine faints at an open mic performance out of stage fright she gives up music for a while.

When her friend, Lorna, gives birth she decides that she too wants a baby, but when she suggests it to Ben, the ex she is still sleeping with, he ends things for good, later informing her that he will be leaving town. Inspired by the breakup Justine begins playing her guitar again. She spots a girl playing drums in the window of her local music shop but while the two acknowledge each other they do not talk. 

Justine meets the girl again when a frisbee lands on her windshield belonging to the girl, Ruby. Ruby invites Justine to one of her performances and afterwards Justine tries to play one of her songs for Ruby but is overcome with fear. Ruby, however, refuses to let her give up and Justine finally is able to play the song for her. The two begin meeting regularly to play in the music shop window performing in front of passersby. 

Justine develops a crush on Ruby and the two end up sleeping together. Afterwards Ruby tells Justine that she has a girlfriend. Heartbroken, Justine returns home where she rearranges the postcards she has been getting from Ben into a portrait which form a cabin she recognizes. Justine goes to Ben but when she tries to get back together with him he tells her he doesn't want to be with her.

After returning home Justine and Ruby talk and Ruby apologizes for not telling Justine about her girlfriend. Justine forgives her and tells her that she wants to play music with her. She quits her job and goes to work at the local music store. 

In order to raise funds for her roof Justine and Ruby organize a concert at her house. Before they play Justine calls Ben and dedicates her first song to him.

The film opened to mostly positive reviews, and has an 80% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Bruce Demara writing for the Toronto Star called Heartbeat "an accomplished work by a talented filmmaker, a tale that offers equal measures of gentle humour and wisdom".



</doc>
<doc id="43682729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43682729" title="Impunity (film)">
Impunity (film)

Impunity is a 2014 South African thriller film directed by Jyoti Mistry. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="43683075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43683075" title="Teen Knight">
Teen Knight

Teen Knight (later released on DVD under the title: Medieval Park) is a 1998 Canadian-Romanian fantasy Action-Adventure family film directed by Phil Comeau and starring Kris Lemche, Caterina Scorsone, Benjamin Plener, Paul Soles and Kimberly Pullis. The film had a very limited release in theaters on October 1, 1998 and later released on VHS on January 19, 1999 in North America by Pulsepounders. In 2012, it was released on DVD for the first time by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment and again in 2013 under a different title "Medieval Park" released by Moonbeam Films.

17-year-old teenage medieval fan Peter wins a contest for a "Medieval Adventure" from a soft drink company. The winners, plus a film crew from the soda company arrive at the castle for the adventure. During the night, a spell cast over 600 years prior brings the castle and all the people in it back to 1383. The evil Lord Drakin plans on retrying to take the castle. It is up to the group to stop him, and thereby return to the 20th century. They enlist the help of the former court magician, Percival, to help them.



</doc>
<doc id="43683099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43683099" title="The Game Is Over">
The Game Is Over

The Game Is Over (original title La Curée, "The Kill") is a 1966 French-Italian French language drama film directed by Roger Vadim and starring Jane Fonda, Michel Piccoli and Peter McEnery. The film is a modern-day adaptation of the 1871-72 novel "La Curée" by Émile Zola.

In Paris, Maxime Saccard visits his wealthy industrialist father Alexandre and his beautiful young Canadian wife, Renée. Alexandre fathered Maxime years ago in a prior marriage and Maxime has come to stay with them after studying in England.

Renée tells Maxime that she married Alexandre when she was pregnant following an unhappy love affair; the child was stillborn and the passion between the two has faded.

Renée and Maxime begin an affair and fall in love with each other. Renée, who came from a wealthy family, asks Alexandre for a divorce. He agrees, on the condition that she leaves the fortune she brought to their marriage invested in his business.

Renée accepts this and goes to Switzerland for a divorce. But while she is away, Alexandre confronts his son with two alternatives: he can either run off with the now penniless Renée or become engaged to Anne Sernet, the daughter of a wealthy banker whose support Alexandre wants for his business. Maxime agrees on the second course of action.

Renée returns from Switzerland to find Alexandre holding a ball celebrating Maxime's engagement to Anne. Renée throws herself into the pool to kill herself – but then changes her mind and dripping wet enters the party. Alexandre escorts her to the gymnasium, where she sits and stares into an empty future.


The movie was one of a series Vadim made based on a classic text. He described the book as "about high society in Paris with a rather serious background, since it likens dogs turning on a deer in a hunt to people."

"I am making no attempt to give the wide sociological picture that Zola did", added Vadim. "I am not a naturalist or a moralist. The Zola characters were hardly everyday. There was something fantastic about them, though they have their counterparts today, as I hope to show."

Vadim and Jane Fonda married immediately prior to making the film.

It was only the second film performance of Tina Aumont.

The movie was shot in both English and French versions. Fonda acted in French and English. "I said it was hard enough to shoot anything once", she said. "But doing it twice, I found, seemed perfectly natural.

"I love working in French", she added. "I feel a certain kind of freedom. The way you feel when you learn to speak a foreign language and find you can say things you wouldn't dare say in English."

Peter McEnery did not speak French so when shooting the French version he had to learn his lines phonetically and a French actor was then dubbed in for him.

Fonda appears in some nude scenes which were explicit for the time. She said later about shooting these:
You have to be relaxed, free. Pornography begins when things become self-conscious. But the set was cleared and closed, and I knew Vadim would protect me in the cutting room. Months later we discovered that a photographer had hidden in the rafters and taken pictures which he sold to "Playboy". It rocked me, it really did. It's a simple matter of breaking and entering, and invasion of privacy.

The movie was a solid box office success in France, where it received mostly good reviews. It was the tenth most popular movie at the French box office in 1966, after "La Grande Vadrouille", "Dr Zhivago", "Is Paris Burning?", "A Fistful of Dollars", "Lost Command", "A Man and a Woman", "For a Few Dollars More", "The Big Restaurant" and "The Professionals".
When the film screened at the Venice Film Festival, however, critical reception was hostile.

When the movie was screened commercially in Italy later, all copies were seized on the grounds of obscenity. The Italian producer and 23 cinema owners were charged. Vadim and Fonda were not charged.

"The Game Is Over" received mostly negative reviews in the US. Critics praised the cinematography by Claude Renoir, but called the film's story and dialogue trite. "New York Times" reviewer Bosley Crowther wrote that the film "has absolutely nothing in it but fancy clothes and decor", while critic Roger Ebert called it "a tedious and ridiculous film of great physical beauty". The "Washington Post" called it 'this deliciously false and phony picture."

However the "Los Angeles Times" called it Vadim's "best film since "Les Liaisons Dangereuses" and the finest of Miss Fonda's career... Rarely has Vadim's style been so expressive."



</doc>
<doc id="43683268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43683268" title="The Martian (film)">
The Martian (film)

The Martian is a 2015 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Matt Damon. "The Martian", a novel by Andy Weir, served as the screenplay adapted by Drew Goddard. The film depicts an astronaut's (Matt Damon's) lone struggle to survive on Mars after being left behind, and efforts to rescue him and bring him home to Earth. It also stars Jessica Chastain, Kristen Wiig, Jeff Daniels, Michael Peña, Kate Mara, Sean Bean, Sebastian Stan, Donald Glover, Aksel Hennie and Chiwetel Ejiofor.

Produced through 20th Century Fox, the film is a co-production of the United States and the United Kingdom. Producer Simon Kinberg began developing the film after Fox optioned the novel in March 2013, which Drew Goddard adapted into a screenplay and was initially attached to direct, but the film did not move forward. Scott replaced Goddard, and with Damon in place as the main character, production was approved. Filming began in November 2014 and lasted approximately seventy days. Twenty sets were built on one of the largest sound stages in the world in Budapest, Hungary. Wadi Rum in Jordan was also used for exterior filming.

The film premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2015, while the London premiere was held on September 24, 2015. The film was released in the United Kingdom on September 30, 2015, and in the United States on October 2, 2015, in 2D, 3D, IMAX 3D and 4DX. It received positive reviews and grossed over $630 million worldwide, becoming Scott's highest-grossing film to date, as well as the 10th-highest-grossing film of 2015. It received several accolades, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, seven nominations at the 88th Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay for Goddard, and the 2016 long form Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation. Damon won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy and was nominated for several awards including the Academy Award for Best Actor, the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, and the Critic's Choice Award for Best Actor.

In 2035, the crew of the Ares III mission to Mars is exploring Acidalia Planitia on Martian solar day (sol) 18 of their 31-sol expedition. A severe dust storm threatens to topple their Mars Ascent Vehicle (MAV). The mission is scrubbed and as the crew evacuates, astronaut Mark Watney is struck by debris and lost in the storm. The telemetry from his suit's biomonitor is damaged and Watney is presumed dead. With the MAV on the verge of toppling, the surviving crew take off for their orbiting vessel, the "Hermes".

Watney awakens after the storm, injured and with a low-oxygen warning. He returns to the crew's surface habitat ("Hab") and treats his wound. As Watney recovers, he begins a video diary. Lacking communication with Earth, his only chance of rescue is via the next Mars mission, four years later: the Ares IV will be landing away at the Schiaparelli crater. Watney's immediate concern is food; being the mission's botanist, he improvises a garden inside the Hab utilizing Martian soil fertilized with the crew's bio-waste and manufactures water from leftover rocket fuel. He then plants the crew's unused Thanksgiving dinner potatoes to supplement his food supply. He also begins modifying the rover for the long-distance trek to the Ares IV landing site.

On Earth, NASA satellite planner Mindy Park, reviewing aerial Hab images, notices moved equipment and realizes Mark is alive. NASA director, Teddy Sanders, publicly releases the news, though the Ares III crew (still en route to Earth) are not told to keep them focused on their mission. Sanders overrules "Hermes" flight director Mitch Henderson, who believes the crew should know.

Watney takes the rover to retrieve the nearby "Pathfinder" probe, which fell silent in 1997. Using "Pathfinder"s camera and motor, he establishes rudimentary two-way communication with Earth, first using hand-written signs, and then sending and receiving ASCII in hexadecimal. NASA transmits a software patch to link the rover with "Pathfinder" and communicate via text. Watney is angry that the "Hermes" crew does not know he is alive; Sanders finally allows Henderson to inform them.

Mars mission director, Vincent Kapoor, and Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) director Bruce Ng prepare an Iris space probe to deliver enough food for Watney to survive until Ares IV's arrival. Meanwhile, the Hab's airlock malfunctions, causing an implosion and damaging the structure. Watney repairs and pressurizes the Hab, but the current potato crop is destroyed and the soil sterilized by the Martian atmosphere. Believing it a low risk, Sanders orders the usual pre-flight safety inspections be bypassed to expedite the probe's launch. The rocket explodes 40 seconds after liftoff. Watney now believes his death on Mars is inevitable.

The China National Space Administration has been developing a powerful classified booster rocket, the "Taiyang Shen". Feeling camaraderie with NASA's scientists, they violate their government's secrecy and offer to repeat the Iris mission. As Watney is more at risk as time passes, JPL astrodynamicist Rich Purnell devises an alternative plan: have the "Taiyang Shen" rendezvous with and resupply the "Hermes", which will then use Earth's gravity to "slingshot" back to Mars two years earlier than Ares IV. Sanders rejects the idea, considering it too risky for the "Hermes" crew; Henderson surreptitiously sends Purnell's plan to the crew who vote unanimously to implement it. They disable NASA's remote controls and make the course change. Powerless to stop them, NASA concedes the issue.

Watney begins the 90-sol journey to Schiaparelli, where the MAV for Ares IV has been pre-positioned. The MAV needs to be lightened to intercept with "Hermes" on its new course. Watney removes many components, and replaces the nose cone with canvas. After takeoff, the MAV fails to reach the required speed, so Commander Lewis maneuvers the "Hermes", consuming much fuel, then orders a directional explosive decompression of the internal atmosphere to better align the ship. In a Manned Maneuvering Unit, Lewis is unable to reach Watney when the tether falls short. Watney pierces his pressure suit, using the escaping air to successfully propel himself to Lewis. He and the crew are reunited after Mark's 560 sols alone on Mars.

After returning to Earth, Watney becomes a survival instructor for astronaut candidates. Five years later, as the Ares IV is about to launch, those involved in Watney's rescue are seen in their current lives.

Chastain prepared for her role by meeting with astronauts and scientists at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center. She was inspired by astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson, saying "She's very matter of fact, very straightforward. My character is dealing with the guilt of leaving a crew member behind, but she's still responsible for the lives of five other crew mates. I tried to play her as Tracy would have been in those moments." Damon prepared for the role by a different method than Chastain. He explained, "For me the rehearsal process was sitting with Ridley and going kind of line-by-line and moment-by-moment through the script and playing out a plan of attack for what we wanted each scene to accomplish."

The Media Action Network for Asian-Americans (MANAA) criticized the casting of white actor Mackenzie Davis as Mindy Park who it said was described by author Andy Weir as Korean-American. The group also criticized the casting of Chiwetel Ejiofor as Vincent Kapoor, who the MANAA said Weir described as an Asian Indian character. In the novel, the character's name was Venkat Kapoor, and he identifies religiously as a Hindu (a Baptist and a Hindu in the film). The group called the casting whitewashing and said that Asian actors, being under-represented in Hollywood, were deprived of acting opportunities. Weir said in October 2015 he perceived Mindy Park as Korean but said he did not explicitly write her as Korean. He also dismissed criticism of Ejiofor's casting as Kapoor, "[Kapoor]'s an American. Americans come from lots of different sources. You can be Venkat Kapoor and black." In the original novel, Weir intentionally avoided including the physical descriptions of his characters.

Naomi Scott was cast as Ryoko, a member of the JPL team. She filmed her scenes but they were removed from the final cut.

"The Martian" was directed by Scott and based on a screenplay by Drew Goddard that was adapted from Weir's 2011 novel of the same name. 20th Century Fox optioned the novel in March 2013, and producer Simon Kinberg was attached to develop the novel into a film. The following May, Goddard entered negotiations with the studio to write and direct "The Martian". Goddard wrote a screenplay for the film and Matt Damon expressed interest in starring under Goddard's direction. Goddard then pursued an opportunity to direct "Sinister Six", a comic book film about a team of supervillains. Kinberg then brought the book to Scott's attention. In May 2014, Scott entered negotiations with the studio to direct the film with Damon cast as the film's stranded astronaut. Scott said he was attracted by the emphasis on science and thought a balance could be struck between entertainment and learning. Damon said he was attracted by the novel, the screenplay, and the opportunity to work with Scott. Following Scott's commitment, the project picked up the pace and was quickly approved. Goddard has since expressed that he felt Scott made a much better film than he could have directed, telling "Creative Screenwriting", "When it's Scott, collaboration is easy because I just revere him. Every day I would just look around and think, 'Is that really Ridley Scott sitting there at the table? This is exciting!

Korda Studios west of Budapest, Hungary, in the wine-making village of Etyek was chosen for filming interior scenes of "The Martian". It was favored for having one of the largest sound stages in the world. Filming began in Hungary on November 24, 2014. Around 20 sets were constructed for the film, which was filmed with 3D cameras. Actual potatoes were grown in a sound stage next to the one used for filming. They were planted at different times so that different stages of growth could be shown in film scenes. A team of six people built 15 suits for the film. External scenes, some with Matt Damon, were filmed in Wadi Rum, a UNESCO world heritage site located in Jordan, over eight days in March 2015. Wadi Rum had been used as a location for other films set on Mars, including "Mission to Mars" (2000), "Red Planet" (2000) and "The Last Days on Mars" (2013). Total filming time for the film lasted approximately 70 days.
A special Mars rover model was built for the filming; the movie cast and team presented the rover model to Jordan in return for the hospitality they had received. The rover is now exhibited in Jordan's Royal Automobile Museum.

Weir avoided writing Watney as lonely and depressed in his novel. While Watney's humor is preserved in the film, Scott also depicted the character's isolation in the vast, dusty Martian landscape. Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote: "The scenes back on Earth provide a hectic, densely populated counterweight to the Martian aridity, which is magnificently represented by exteriors shot in the vicinity of Wadi Rum in Jordan." Damon said he and Scott were inspired by the documentary film "Touching the Void" (2003), which featured trapped mountain climbers. Scott also expected to film Watney as a Robinson Crusoe, a character in full isolation, but learned to film Watney differently since the character would be self-monitoring his behavior under the watch of various mission cameras.

According to Scott, the first cut of the movie was 2 hours and 45 minutes long. An extended cut of the movie was released on home video.

When the novel was first published, NASA invited Weir to tour the Johnson Space Center and Jet Propulsion Laboratory. When Scott began preparing the film, Weir contacted NASA to collaborate on the film. When Scott and producer Mark Huffam had their first production meeting, they called NASA and spoke with its film and television liaison Bert Ulrich. NASA decided to assist the filmmakers with depicting the science and technology in "The Martian" since it saw potential in promoting space exploration. Key NASA staff members that joined the partnership were James L. Green, the Director of the Planetary Science Division, and Dave Lavery, the Program Executive for Solar System Exploration. Scott conversed with Green twice before filming started. Over a period of a month, NASA answered hundreds of questions—on a weekly basis—on everything from radioisotope systems to the look of potential "habs"—the residences for future Mars astronauts. The questions were answered by Green or passed on to the right expert, and then came back to Scott's team to make their way into the production. The space agency also sent hundreds of files of real images of Mars and images of control centers, down to what the computer screens look like, to the production team. Green arranged a tour of the Johnson Space Center in Houston for production designer Arthur Max, who met with individual specialists, taking hundreds of photos as he went for eight hours. The production designers created a futuristic, heavily modernized Mission Control as a studio set; "Ars Technica" described its depiction as "the space agency that we all dream of" and the opposite of the real Johnson Center's appearance as "a run down college campus".

"Newsweek" said NASA collaborated more with "The Martian" than most other films: "Staff from many NASA departments consulted on the film, from script development through principal photography, and are now helping with marketing timed to the theatrical release." As part of the collaboration, the production's NASA liaison included the front page of the script for the film in the payload of the spacecraft Orion during its Exploration Flight Test 1 on December 5, 2014.

The "Los Angeles Times" said NASA and the wider scientific community anticipated the film as a way to publicize a human mission to Mars. The "New York Times" reports that the film "serves as a nice plug for NASA, which has returned the favor by pushing the movie on its website. (On Monday [September 28, 2015], scientists announced that signs of liquid water could be seen in photographs taken on Mars by a camera on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, timing that suggests NASA certainly has the whole cross-promotion thing down.)" Jim Erickson, NASA project manager, said the film would show moviegoers "the risks and rewards" of humans traveling to Mars.

In October 2015, NASA presented a new web tool to follow Watney's trek across Mars and details of NASA's next steps, as well as a health hazards report for a real-world human journey to Mars.

Harry Gregson-Williams composed the score for "The Martian". It is the fourth collaboration between Gregson-Williams and Scott. Gregson-Williams previously worked on music for Scott's films "Kingdom of Heaven" (2005), "Prometheus" (2012) and "Exodus: Gods and Kings", composing the main film score for the first and last films, and doing additional music for the other two.

A running gag in the film is commander Melissa Lewis's love for 1970s songs (especially of the disco genre), which is the only music available to Watney on Mars and often appears as diegetic music. The soundtrack includes:

The exit music, which includes "Don't Leave Me This Way" and "I Will Survive", is a commentary on Watney's situation on Mars.

20th Century Fox launched a viral marketing campaign for "The Martian". On June 7, 2015, NASA astronaut Michael J. Massimino shared an in-universe video diary depicting Damon's character and the other crew members. "Ars Technica" compared the video diary to similar viral videos marketed for Scott's 2012 film "Prometheus" in having a similar "style of slickly produced fictional promotional material". The studio then released an official trailer on June 8. "Forbes" said, "20th Century Fox has cut together a pretty perfect trailer in that it absolutely makes the sale. It establishes the stakes, offers a sympathetic lead character, shows off an all-star cast, tosses out a potential catchphrase, and ends on a grimly humorous tagline." In response to the trailer, Jimmy Kimmel, host of the late-night talk show "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", released a spoof trailer, "The Mastronaut: Emission to Mars", that edited the original to parody the film.
At the start of August, Fox released another video, depicting interviews with each of the main crew members. Mid-month, the studio released another film trailer, and NASA hosted a "Martian Day" at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory to both promote "The Martian" and highlight the space program's ongoing efforts to carry out a human mission to Mars. At the end of August, Fox released another video, presenting it as a special episode of the TV series "StarTalk" in which astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson discusses the hazards of traveling to Mars. In September, Scott's RSA Films released a teaser for "The Martian" that depicted Damon wearing Under Armour sports clothing and being active in his off-world tasks. The teaser originated from a collaboration between RSA Films and the marketing shop 3AM (under theatrical advertising agency Wild Card), initiated in 2014, to produce advertising content for "The Martian". RSA contacted the advertising agency Droga5, under whom Under Armour is a client. Droga5 ultimately collaborated with WME and 3AM to produce the teaser.

"Forbes"s Peter Himler said American astronauts had traditionally been used by public relations to promote commercial products, starting with the drink Tang. Himler said it "came as no surprise" that NASA astronauts in the International Space Station were reported by "The Guardian" and "CBS News" as having read Weir's novel and hoping to see the film on board the ISS. NASA participated in the marketing of the film despite its lack of involvement with previous films. Though it turned down a request for "Interstellar" to be screened on the ISS, "The Martian" was screened on board 402 km (250 miles) above the Earth's surface on September 19, 2015, and also at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, and at the Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral on October 1, 2015.

In November 2015, 20th Century Fox announced "The Martian VR Experience," a "virtual reality adventure" where viewers play as Mark Watney and reenact scenes from the film. The project was executively produced by Scott alongside Joel Newton and directed by Robert Stromberg. It was released for HTC Vive and PlayStation VR on November 15, 2016, and is also available for the Oculus Rift and Samsung Gear VR. The project won 2 major awards; a Silver Lion at the Cannes Film Festival and an AICP Award. 

"The Martian" premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on September 11, 2015. The film screened in a sneak preview at the New York Film Festival on September 27, 2015. It also screened at Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas, on September 29, 2015. The film was released in the Dolby Vision format in Dolby Cinema in North America.

Two months before "The Martian"s release, "BoxOffice" forecast that the film would gross on its opening weekend in the United States and ultimately in its theatrical run. The magazine said positive factors for its performance included the continued sales of Weir's novel, Scott's success with past science fiction films, and the positive reception of prior space-based films "Gravity" (2013) and "Interstellar" (2014). The magazine said negative factors included Damon not being a consistent draw at the box office, "Gravity" and "Interstellar" setting high expectations, and Scott's "stumble" with his previous film "Exodus: Gods and Kings" (2014). A week before the film's release, pre-release trackings in North America (United States and Canada) showed that the film was on pace to earn between $40–50 million at its opening weekend from 3,826 theaters.

In comparison to other contemporary space films, "Gravity", facing far less competition, opened to a better-than-expected $55.8 million in 2013. In November 2014, "Interstellar" debuted to $47.5 million. Unlike "Gravity" and "Interstellar", which had the benefit of IMAX locations, boosting profits, "The Martian" was not initially playing in IMAX, since IMAX was committed to an exclusive run of Robert Zemeckis' "The Walk". "The Martian" played in more than 350 premium large-format theaters including 2,550 3D locations. Also, the film was released several days after the announcement of NASA's discovery of water on Mars' planetary surface, which might have aided in boosting its opening. Ticket selling website Fandango reported that the film was outselling "Gravity". Unlike "Gravity", "The Martian" did not contain abundant 3D spectacle (even though it was filmed in 3D), and was longer than "Gravity".

"The Martian" was a financial success. It grossed $228.4 million in the United States & Canada and $401.7 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $630.2 million against a budget of $108 million. Worldwide, it was the highest-grossing Fox film of 2015 and the tenth-highest-grossing film of that year overall. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $150.32 million while "The Hollywood Reporter" reported around $80–100 million profits for the film.

The film was released in theaters in 2D and 3D. In the United Kingdom, it was released on September 30, 2015, a Wednesday, and in the United States on the following Friday, October 2, 2015. It was also released in 49 markets including Mexico, Hong Kong, India and Taiwan from the weekend October 2–4, 2015 and expanded to Germany, Russia, and South Korea the following weekend. It opened in Spain on October 16, then France on October 21. China opened on November 25 and Japan bowed in the first quarter of 2016 on February 5. Various sites estimated the film to gross between $45 and $50 million over its opening weekend in the United States.

In North America, it opened on Friday, October 2, 2015, and earned $18.06 million on its opening day of which $2 million came from premium large formats from 3,831 theaters. The film's Friday gross included $2.5 million from late-night Thursday screenings that took place in 2,800 theaters. During its opening weekend, it earned $54.3 million from 3,831 theaters ranking first at the box office which is the second biggest October opening, behind "Gravity" ($55.7 million) and the second biggest for Scott, behind "Hannibal" ($58 million) and Damon, behind "The Bourne Ultimatum" ($69.2 million). The film made $6 million at 375 premium large format screens. 3D accounted for 45% of the ticket sales while RealD 3D accounted for 42% or $23 million of that sales which is one of highest for the 3D company in 2015. The film fell short of breaking "Gravity"s record which might have been hurt by Hurricane Joaquin, the NFL season and the last day of the Major League Baseball regular season. In its second weekend of release, it dropped gradually by 31.9% and earned $37 million from 3,854 theaters (+23 theaters) maintaining the top position. "The Martian"s demographics in its sophomore weekend remained in sync with its opening frame drawing 52% males and 72% over 25. It topped the box office for two consecutive weekends before being dethroned by "Goosebumps" in its third weekend after a close race between the two ($23.6 million for "Goosebumps" and $21.3 million for "The Martian"). It returned to the top of the box office for the third time in its fourth weekend, and went on the top the box office for four non-consecutive weekends before being overtaken by "Spectre" in its fifth weekend. On November 5, the film surpassed "Gladiator" ($187.7 million) to become Scott's highest-grossing film at the domestic box office.

Internationally, "The Martian" was released in a total of 81 countries. Outside North America, it opened on the same weekend in 54 markets and grossed $44.6 million from 9,299 screens topping the international box office as well as opening at No. 1 in over 15 markets. The following weekend, it added 23 more markets and grossed an estimated $57.5 million from 77 markets from 12,859 screens. Its opening weekends in South Korea ($12.5 million), the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malta ($10.2 million), Russia and the CIS ($7.4 million), France ($6.9 million), Australia ($4.5 million) and Germany ($4.3 million; behind "Inside Out") represented its largest takings. In terms of total earnings, the United Kingdom ($35.3 million), South Korea ($33.6 million), Australia ($16.57 million) and Germany ($16 million) are the top markets. In South Korea, it became Fox's third-highest-grossing film ever behind "Avatar" (2009) and "" (2015). It topped the box office outside of North America for two consecutive weekends before being overtaken by "Ant-Man" in its third weekend but returned to the top in its fourth weekend. In its fifth weekend, it was surpassed by "Spectre" thereby topping the international box office for three weekends in total. "The Martian" opened in China on Wednesday, November 25 and earned $50 million in its five-day opening weekend from 4,848 screens of which $6.6 million came from 249 IMAX theaters. In its second weekend, it fell by 60% to $13.7 million, while in total, it grossed $95 million there. It opened in Japan on February 5, 2016 under the name "Odyssey", where it earned $5.2 million from 8,333 screens in its three-day opening weekend, debuting at No. 1 at the box office and helped the film push past the $600 million mark. Its Saturday and Sunday take was $4.25 million. It dropped just 19% in its second after adding $3.4 million. It has topped the box office there for four consecutive weekends and as of February 28 has grossed a total of $23.2 million.

For its United States release, the film was originally scheduled to be released on November 25, 2015, but 20th Century Fox switched "The Martian" with "Victor Frankenstein", so the former would be its first film for all audiences in the country's fall season (September–November). On the film's 3D screenings, RealD's chief Anthony Marcoly said 3D technology was proliferating from action-packed blockbuster films commonly released in the United States' summer season. Marcoly said the technology was being used in more immersive storytelling, citing "The Martian" and "The Walk" (released the same year) as two examples.

"The Martian" was released on Blu-ray (2D, 3D and the extended cut) and DVD on January 12, 2016. It was released on 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray on February 14, 2016.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 91% approval rating based on 356 reviews, with an average rating of 7.84/10. The website's critics consensus reads, "Smart, thrilling, and surprisingly funny, "The Martian" offers a faithful adaptation of the bestselling book that brings out the best in leading man Matt Damon and director Ridley Scott." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 80 out of 100 based on 46 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it an average 4.5 out of 5 stars and a 66% "definite recommend". Audience demographics were 54% men and a total 59% over 35.

"The Martian" received praise for its direction, visual effects, musical score, screenplay, scientific accuracy, and likability, largely due to Damon's performance. "Variety" reported, "Critics are calling the film a funny, thrilling ride, and a return to form for [Ridley] Scott after "The Counselor" and "" fell flat." According to aerospace engineer Dr. Robert Zubrin, commenting in "The Guardian": 

Writing for the "New York Post", Lou Lumenick considered the film to be Scott's and Damon's best and thought that it is a "straightforward and thrilling survival-and-rescue adventure, without the metaphysical and emotional trappings of "Interstellar"". Manohla Dargis, of "The New York Times", stated that the film "involves a dual journey into outer and inner space, a trip that takes you into that immensity called the universe and deep into the equally vast landscape of a single consciousness. For this accidental castaway, space is the place where he's physically marooned, but also where his mind is set free", from a film director, whose "great, persistent theme is what it means to be human".

Negative reviews focused on the lack of character depth or atmosphere. Jaime N. Christley, writing in "Slant Magazine", commented, "It goes in for the idea of texture, tics, and human behavior, but there's no conviction, and no real push for eccentricity. ... It hardly seems interested in its characters or in any depiction of their work, settling instead for types of characters and kinds of scenes, correctly placed among the pendulum swings of Watney's dramatic journey." In "The Village Voice", Stephanie Zacharek stated that the actors "are treated as accessories", and that the director is "workmanlike in his approach to science, which always trumps magic in "The Martian"—that's the point. But if we can't feel a sense of wonder at the magnitude and mystery of space, why even bother?" In "Cinemixtape", J. Olson commented: "Ridley Scott and company have concocted the most colossally mediocre sci-fi movie of the decade, all in pursuit of empty backslapping and a grade school level celebration of science. Not only is "The Martian" not in the same class as Scott's two masterpieces – "Alien" and "Blade Runner" – it's not even on the same continent."

"The Martian" was listed on nearly two dozen critics' top ten lists for 2015.

The film was included in many critics' Top Ten Films of 2015 lists. The film received various industry awards and nominations including 26 Best Picture, 20 Best Director (for Scott), and 19 Best Actor (for Damon) nominations at different organizations and associations. The American Film Institute selected "The Martian" as one of the Top Ten Films of the year. The film garnered two Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for Damon. Scott was also nominated for Best Director. It received nine nominations from the Broadcast Film Critics Association, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay, and Best Visual Effects. The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Adapted Screenplay.

"The Martian" was named by National Board of Review also winning Best Director, Best Actor, and Best Adapted Screenplay. Ranked at position eight, it won the Top Ten Films of the year award at African-American Film Critics Association. It received eight nominations from Satellite Awards including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor – Motion Picture, Best Screenplay – Adapted, and Best Visual Effects.

"The Martian" was named one of the best films of 2015 by over 50 critics and publications and was ranked seventh on Rotten Tomatoes and thirteenth on Metacritic's best scored film of 2015.

"Solanum watneyi", a species of bush tomato from Australia, has been named after the character of Mark Watney, to honor the fictional heroic botanist portrayal. It is a member of the same genus as the potato, "Solanum".

U.S. President Barack Obama named "The Martian" as among the best science fiction films he had ever seen.

When Weir wrote the novel "The Martian", he strove to present the science correctly and used reader feedback to get it right. When Scott began directing the film, he also sought to make it realistic and received help from James L. Green, the Director of the Planetary Science Division at NASA's Science Mission Directorate. Green put together teams to answer scientific questions that Scott asked. Green said, ""The Martian" is reasonably realistic", though he said the film's hazardous dust storm, despite reaching speeds of would in reality have weak force. Green also found the NASA buildings in the film to be more stylish than the functional ones NASA actually uses. Film critics picked up the point that the Martian winds could amount to "barely a light breeze" in their reviews, and screenwriter Goddard agreed the winds had to be considerably exaggerated in order to set up the situation that sets the story in motion.

The process used by the character Watney to produce water was accurate and is being used by NASA for a planned Martian rover. The radioisotope thermoelectric generator was also appropriately used for heat. When his rations begin to run low, Watney builds an improvised garden using Martian soil and the crew's feces as a fertilizer. "We could probably grow something on Mars", said Michael Shara, curator, Department of Astrophysics, Division of Physical Sciences at the American Museum of Natural History. However Martian soil has since been found to be toxic to both plant and animal life, although it is believed that microbial organisms have the potential to live on Mars. In one scene, the glass face shield on Watney's helmet cracks; as oxygen momentarily drops below the critical level, he quickly patches the helmet with duct tape and avoids suffocation. According to Shara, "As long as the pressure on the inside is around 30%, you could hold it together before your eyes blow out or you had an embolism."

While Martian gravity is less than 40% of Earth's, director Scott chose not to depict the gravitational difference, finding the effort less worthwhile to put on screen than zero gravity. Scott said the heavy spacesuits would weigh the main character enough to make up for not showing the partial gravity. The climate of Mars is also cold enough that it would make Watney's initial plan to disable the rover's heater immediately impractical. The average temperature is ; it is cold enough on Mars for carbon dioxide snow to fall at the poles in winter.

The plot key to the eventual rescue plan undertaken is that a lone JPL astrodynamicist suddenly comes up with an out-of-nowhere idea about using gravity assist to get astronauts back to Mars faster and then has to convince layers of NASA management that this could work. In reality, gravity assist is a well-known practice that has been used on a number of robotic planetary exploration missions and served as a backup strategy on manned Apollo missions. It would have been one of the first approaches that everyone within NASA would have considered.

Ed Finn, director of the Center for Science and the Imagination at Arizona State University, said, "What this story does really well is imagine a near-future scenario that doesn't push too far of where we are today technically." British physicist Brian Cox said, ""The Martian" is the best advert for a career in engineering I've ever seen."




</doc>
<doc id="43684178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43684178" title="Dudes Are Pretty People">
Dudes Are Pretty People

Dudes are Pretty People is a 1942 film and the first Western entry of "Hal Roach's Streamliners," approximately 50-minute comedic movies, directed by Hal Roach, Jr. and starring Jimmy Rogers as "Jimmy" and Noah Beery, Jr. as "Pidge Crosby" (Beery's real-life nickname was "Pidge"). The featurette was written by Louis S. Kaye from a story by Donald Hough. The running time for this film is 43 minutes and the picture was released in March 1942. The film had two Streamliners sequels, "Calaboose" and "Prairie Chickens", both released in 1943 with Rogers and Beery in the same roles.



</doc>
<doc id="43686355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43686355" title="Vacation (2015 film)">
Vacation (2015 film)

Vacation is a 2015 American road comedy film written and directed by Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley (in their directorial debuts). It stars Ed Helms, Christina Applegate, Skyler Gisondo, Steele Stebbins, Leslie Mann, Chris Hemsworth, Beverly D'Angelo, and Chevy Chase. It is the fifth installment of the "Vacation" film series, serving as a soft reboot. It is also the second not to carry the "National Lampoon" name after "Vegas Vacation", and was released by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros. on July 29, 2015. It grossed $104 million on a $31 million budget.

Rusty Griswold is now an adult working as a pilot for a low budget regional airline called Econo-Air, living in Suburban Michigan and shares a stale relationship with his wife Debbie and their two children, their shy and awkward 14-year-old son James, and their sadistic 12-year-old son Kevin. The gloating from his friends Jack and Nancy Peterson about a family trip they had in Paris doesn't help his situation. He desires to relive the fun of his family vacations and holiday gatherings from his childhood. These memories prompt him to abandon his family's annual trip to their cabin in Cheboygan, Michigan (which the rest of the family secretly hated) and instead drive cross country to from Suburban Detroit to Walley World, just like he did with his parents and sister. For the trip, Rusty rents a Tartan Prancer, an ugly, over-complicated Albanian SUV.

Along the way, the Griswolds take many detours. The first is Memphis, where it's revealed that the otherwise mild-mannered Debbie was an extremely promiscuous Tri Pi sorority sister in college nicknamed 'Debbie Do Anything' when they meet a sorority member named Heather. To prove that she was the rebellious student, Debbie soon runs an obstacle course whilst drunk and fails miserably. While staying at a motel, James meets Adena, a girl his age that he saw while driving on the highway, but she is scared away by Rusty's failed attempts to be a "wingman".

In Arkansas, they are led to a supposedly hidden hot spring by a "helpful" local, eventually realizing that it's actually a sewage dump. They return to their SUV, only to see it's been broken into, their luggage and cash stolen, and then sprayed with graffiti.

They stop in Texas to get help from Rusty's sister Audrey and her husband Stone. Rusty begins to suspect problems in his relationship with Debbie due to her seeming acceptance of Stone's obviously outward sexual advances, but she rebuffs his suspicions. One night, Stone walks in on the couple and makes a show of his attractive body and oversized genitalia.

Spending the following night at an Arizona campsite, Rusty and Debbie sneak away and attempt to have sex at the Four Corners Monument, where officers from all four states confront the couple and each other when they start arguing about who gets to arrest them, allowing the two to escape. James finally asserts himself against Kevin with encouragement from Adena, who they encounter again. The next morning, after nearly getting killed by a suicidal Grand Canyon rafting guide that had just been dumped by his fiancé, the SUV runs out of gas in the middle of the desert. Rusty's misunderstanding of the key fob causes it to explode, leading Rusty to think about the disastrous trip and walks off dispirited and alone.

After being tracked down by a seemingly unstable truck driver, who they think has been stalking them throughout the trip, he instead returns Debbie's missing wedding ring and gives them a lift to San Francisco, where they spend the night at a bed and breakfast run by Rusty's parents Clark and Ellen. They intend to fly home the next day, but Rusty and Debbie confront each other about their stale marriage and decide to start over again.

With some encouragement from Clark the next morning, Rusty borrows his father's Wagon Queen Family Truckster and drives Debbie and the boys to Walley World to ride their newest roller coaster, the "Velociraptor". After spending the entire day waiting in line, they are cut off by Ethan, a rival from Rusty's job, and his family before the announcement of the park's closing. A fight breaks out, which the Griswolds win, forcing the other family to flee. The Griswolds finally board the ride, but it stalls halfway up a loop, and they are rescued after several hours.

Rusty uses his airline connections to book a vacation in Paris alone with Debbie, while sending the boys home, where their neighbors will look after them. On the plane to Paris, they are seated in jump seats next to a lavatory. Exasperated, Debbie learns that it will be a 12-hour flight.

In February 2010, it was announced by New Line Cinema (owned by Warner Bros., which released the previous films) that a new "Vacation" film was being produced. Executive Producer was Steven Mnuchin. Produced by David Dobkin and written by John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein, the story focuses on Rusty Griswold as he takes his own family to Walley World.

In July 2012, it was announced that Ed Helms would star in the sequel as Rusty Griswold, who now has his own family misadventures on the road. On March 28, 2013, Variety announced that original series stars Beverly D'Angelo and Chevy Chase were in talks to reprise their roles, most likely in the form of a torch-passing cameo role. No mention was made of other series regulars, such as Randy Quaid's Cousin Eddie.

On April 23, 2013, it was reported that the film had been delayed indefinitely, due to creative differences. Later, Chris Hemsworth and Charlie Day were also reported to co-star. Skyler Gisondo and Steele Stebbins played Rusty Griswold's sons along with Helms and Christina Applegate. On September 15, Leslie Mann joined the film to play Rusty's sister, Audrey Griswold. On September 29, Keegan-Michael Key and Regina Hall were cast to play family friends of the Griswolds.

On October 10, director Daley revealed in an interview that he might have a cameo with Samm Levine and Martin Starr, which would be a reunion of cult comedy show "Freaks and Geeks", though it was not confirmed. On November 12, four actors joined to play Four Corners cops, Tim Heidecker, Nick Kroll, Kaitlin Olson, and Michael Peña.

Principal photography began on September 16, 2014, in Atlanta, Georgia. On September 16, scenes were filmed on location at the Olympic Flame Restaurant.
On September 30 and October 1, 2014, scenes were filmed on location at The Twelve Oaks Bed and Breakfast in historic Covington, Georgia. The Twelve Oaks was staged as Christina Applegate's character's sorority house, Triple Pi, and the location of her attempt to run the obstacle course once more to prove that she is the Chug Run champion.

Other scenes were shot around Piedmont and 6th avenues from October 6 to 8, including at the Shellmont Inn. On October 22, 2014, scenes were filmed at the U.S. National Whitewater Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. Scenes for Walley World were filmed at Six Flags Over Georgia.

In a similar vein to the original film's "Wagon Queen Family Truckster", the film features a custom-designed minivan named the "Tartan Prancer". Dubbed the "Honda of Albania", it is a heavily modified Toyota Previa and features unconventional styling elements such as a mirror-image front and rear clip, complete with two sets of headlights (pulled from the Land Rover LR3/Discovery) and rearview mirrors, as well as dashboard buttons marked by nonsensical symbols. As part of a promotional tie-in with the film, Edmunds.com released a tongue-in-cheek review comparing the Tartan Prancer against the 2015 Honda Odyssey.

The musical score for the film was composed by Mark Mothersbaugh. A soundtrack album was released by WaterTower Music on July 24, 2015. In addition to Mothersbaugh's score, it features many contemporary songs, along with several renditions of Lindsey Buckingham's "Holiday Road" (including a remixed and remastered version of the original that plays at the start of the film, and again near the end).

The film was originally set to be released on October 9, 2015, but it was moved to July 31, 2015, before finally being pushed up to July 29, 2015, the 32nd anniversary of the release of the first "Vacation" film. Warner Bros. spent a total of $35.2 million on advertisement for the film.

"Vacation" grossed $58.9 million in North America and $45.8 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $104.7 million, against a budget of $31 million.

The film grossed $1.2 million from its early Tuesday preview showings, and a combined $6.3 million on Wednesday and Thursday. In its opening weekend, it grossed $14.7 million, finishing second at the box office behind "" ($55.5 million).

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 27% based on 169 reviews and an average rating of 4/10. The site's consensus reads, "Borrowing a basic storyline from the film that inspired it but forgetting the charm, wit, and heart, "Vacation" is yet another nostalgia-driven retread that misses the mark." On Metacritic, it has a score of 34 out of 100 based on 33 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" gave the film a positive review and praised the Kevin Griswold character, saying, "The kid with the potty mouth may cost Warner Bros. some business at the box office, but in a strange way he elevates "Vacation", a very funny R-rated movie with a PG-13 heart." Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a "B-" rating and wrote, "The new "Vacation" is both better than I'd feared and not as hilarious as I'd hoped. It's intermittently funny and instantly forgettable." Jon Niccum of "The Kansas City Star" considered the film underrated, writing the comedy "figures out how to juggle big breakdown moments with smaller ones built around character quirks. Even when the R-rated shenanigans veer into pure gross-out territory, the amusing family dynamics keep things grounded." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" wrote, "It's a vile, odious disaster populated with unlikable, dopey characters bumbling through mean-spirited set pieces that rely heavily on slapstick fight scenes, scatological sight gags and serial vomiting." "Rolling Stone" reviewer Peter Travers gave it 1.5 out of five stars, saying: "Leslie Mann and wild-card Chris Hemsworth, as her cock-flashing hubby, get the heartiest hoots. The rest is comic history warmed over."



</doc>
<doc id="43686873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43686873" title="The Hunters (2013 film)">
The Hunters (2013 film)

The Hunters is a 2013 fantasy adventure telefilm starring Robbie Amell and Alexa Vega that was produced by Walden Media. It debuted on the Hallmark Channel on October 25, 2013.

The film, based on the graphic novel "Mirror Mirror" by Joshua Williamson, is directed by Nisha Ganatra with a script written by Matthew Huffman and Jeffrey Alan Schechter.

Carter (Dan Payne) and Jordyn Flynn (Michelle Forbes) aren't the average mother and father. For them, a typical workday can take place anywhere in the world, raiding ornate museums and evading pursuing authorities as Hunters, protectors of powerful fairytale artifacts that are anything but make-believe. While the Flynns take their jobs seriously, they're just as concerned about the welfare of their two sons, 21-year-old Paxton (Robbie Amell) and 16-year-old Tripp (Keenan Tracey), who are unaware of their parents' true line of work.

When Carter and Jordyn disappear after being intercepted by the mysterious Mai (Kira Clavell) during one of their missions, the boys learn the truth about their parents and their lineage from the Flynns’ young assistant Dylan (Alexa Vega). They turn to old family friend Mason (Victor Garber) for help, but they soon discover that the deceitful Mason is after what the Flynns were trying to protect — an enchanted mirror that has the ability to grant any wish. It’s got quite a history too: It’s the same mirror that played a pivotal role in the destiny of Snow White. It becomes evident that it is up to the valiant brothers and Dylan to save the day before very real fairy tale magic falls into Mason’s less-than-worthy hands.


The film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia with additional shooting done in Thailand.



</doc>
<doc id="43688391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43688391" title="Despite the Falling Snow (film)">
Despite the Falling Snow (film)

Despite the Falling Snow is a 2016 British Cold War espionage film directed by Shamim Sarif, adapted from her novel of the same name. Starring Rebecca Ferguson, Sam Reid, Charles Dance, Antje Traue, Oliver Jackson-Cohen, Thure Lindhardt and Anthony Head, the film was released in the United Kingdom on April 15, 2016.

The film is set in the post-Stalinist Soviet Union. A young Soviet woman, Katya, lost her parents during the Stalinist repressions. Though she pretends to be a communist, she hates the regime and spies for the Americans. Her friend Misha, who is a spy, also helps her obtain important information for the Americans. As part of her next assignment, she meets the young and good-looking Sasha, who belongs to the Kremlin elite. In order to spy on him, Katya ends up marrying Sasha but not everything is going to the plan. Katya soon falls in love with Sasha, and plans to defect to the United States with him. However, just before her trip to the US, Katya mysteriously vanishes. Sasha stays in America alone, and over the course of 30 years becomes a successful businessman in America. Many years afterwards, he visits a post-communist Russia seeking to solve Katya's disappearance. He and his niece Lauren work together, searching for clues. They meet Misha, who has become an old alcoholic; he tells them what really happened to Katya.


The film was shot in Belgrade, Serbia. The film's score by Rachel Portman was performed by the City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.

The film won three awards at the 2016 Prague Independent Film Festival including Best Feature Film, Best Actress (Rebecca Ferguson) and Best Supporting Actor (Anthony Head).



</doc>
<doc id="43688437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43688437" title="Kill Me Three Times">
Kill Me Three Times

Kill Me Three Times is a 2014 Australian-American black comedy thriller film directed by Kriv Stenders. It was selected to be screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was released in the United States on 10 April 2015, by Magnet Releasing.

In Eagles Nest, Western Australia, a wealthy motel proprietor Jack Taylor believes his wife Alice to be having an affair. After a violent argument, Jack hires Charlie Wolfe, a private investigator and contract killer. When Charlie returns with video proof Alice is having sex with Dylan Smith, Jack orders Charlie to kill her. Alice makes an appointment with dentist Nathan Webb to work on her tooth, which Jack chipped when he hit her. Jack tells Charlie about Alice's dentist appointment. Before she leaves, Alice sneaks into Jack's office and robs his safe.

Charlie is amused to see Nathan and his receptionist wife Lucy drug Alice, kidnap her, and eventually, after several mishaps, send her over a cliff in a flaming car. Charlie takes incriminating pictures of the acts. Lucy finds Jack's stolen money in Alice's bag and takes it before trying to kill her. Unknown to all involved, Alice wakes up in time to escape the car before it crashes and explodes. Satisfied that Alice is dead, Charlie returns to Jack for payment, not telling him that the hit was carried out by other people. When Jack finds his safe empty, he immediately suspects Alice and Dylan. He reassures Charlie he has more money in the bank, and Charlie says he will return the next day.

Meanwhile, Nathan and Lucy initiate their insurance fraud scheme by exchanging Lucy's dental records with Alice's, hoping to fool people into believing that Lucy died in the fiery car crash. Bruce Jones, a corrupt cop, immediately recognizes the fraud, and while impressed that Nathan is able to murder to his own wife, demands half the payout to stay quiet. At the same time, Charlie anonymously blackmails Nathan with pictures of Alice's kidnapping and assumed death. Lucy pushes Nathan to pay the blackmailer and be done with it, and he reluctantly sets up a meeting.

Dylan confronts and kills Jack. Charlie leaves to meet Nathan. Because he is the only one who can collect the insurance money, Nathan believes himself safe from harm. When Nathan is uncooperative, Charlie surprises Nathan by shooting him. As he dies, Nathan reveals the location of the money Alice stole from Jack, which he recovered during Alice's kidnapping. Charlie returns to collect his money from Jack, only to find Jack dead. At the same time, Bruce stumbles upon Charlie at the crime scene. Charlie kills Bruce. Charlie sneaks into Lucy's house, but, instead of killing her, reveals they are working together.

Lucy is upset that Charlie has killed Nathan, as she can no longer collect the insurance money on her own faked death. Charlie says he will not split the remaining money with her and leaves, though he tells her that she will now inherit Jack's hotel business, as he was her brother. When Dylan arrives, both Lucy and Charlie claim the other murdered Alice. Dylan shoots at Charlie, but Charlie deflects his aim so that the bullet strikes and kills Lucy. As Charlie prepares to kill Dylan, Alice sneaks up behind him and knocks him off the deck. Alice and Dylan leave with the money as Charlie weakly answers his phone to assure a client that he will make an appointment.


Filming started in September 2013, in Perth. Shooting took place in various locations in Western Australia, including wine-producing area Margaret River. Post-production was done in Victoria.
The screenplay was written by Irish screenwriter James McFarland, his first screenplay. The story is told from three different points of view.

The film was first released at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2014, then in the UK at the London Film Festival the following month. It was then released in the U.S. for limited audiences in April 2015. In August 2015, the film was screened in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth, before being released on DVD, VOD and iTunes 9 September 2015

"Kill Me Three Times" received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 16%, based on 55 reviews, with a rating of 4.07/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Kill Me Three Times" offers Simon Pegg an opportunity to play against type as a villain; unfortunately, its derivative storyline fails to offer much of anything to viewers." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 30 out of 100, based on 20 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

Justin Chang of "Variety" said of Pegg and the film, "Simon Pegg plays a bemused hitman in Kriv Stenders' tiresomely derivative Australian-noir bloodbath." David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it derivative of Quentin Tarantino, Robert Rodriguez, the Coen brothers, and Martin McDonagh's "Seven Psychopaths".


</doc>
<doc id="43691787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43691787" title="Calaboose (film)">
Calaboose (film)

Calaboose is a 1943 sequel to "Dudes are Pretty People" (1942), a Western film featurette from "Hal Roach's Streamliners," a series of approximately 50-minute comedic movies, in this case directed by Hal Roach Jr. and starring Jimmy Rogers as "Jimmy" and Noah Beery Jr. as "Pidge Crosby" (Beery's real-life nickname was "Pidge"). The film runs 45 minutes and features Mary Brian in the supporting cast. Another sequel followed later the same year, with Rogers and Beery playing the same characters, entitled "Prairie Chickens".

Jimmy Rogers ... 
Jim<br>
Noah Beery Jr. ... 
Pidge Crosby<br>
Mary Brian ... 
Doris Lane<br>
William Henry ... 
Tom Pendergrast (billed as Bill Henry)<br>
Paul Hurst ... 
Bartender Ed<br>
Marc Lawrence ... 
Sluggsy Baker<br>
William B. Davidson ... 
Sheriff George Lane (billed as William Davidson)<br>
Jean Porter ... 
Major Barabara<br>
Iris Adrian ... 
Gert



</doc>
<doc id="43691835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43691835" title="The Good Witch's Wonder">
The Good Witch's Wonder

The Good Witch's Wonder is a 2014 Canadian/American family film and Hallmark Channel original movie written by G. Ross Parker and directed by Craig Pryce. The film stars Catherine Bell, Chris Potter, Catherine Disher, Matthew Knight, Hannah Endicott-Douglas, Ashley Leggat, Peter MacNeill, Rachel Wilson and Connor Price. "Wonder", the seventh film in "The Good Witch" film series, premiered on Hallmark Channel on October 25, 2014.

Cassie Russell (Catherine Bell) is given little time to plan her stepson Brandon's (Matthew Knight) wedding to Tara (Ashley Leggat). In addition, Martha (Catherine Disher), Middleton's new mayor, wants Cassie to head a silent auction fundraiser for the Middleton Botanical Gardens. When Audrey (Rachel Wilson) arrives in town looking for a job, Cassie hires her to work in her store, Bell, Book & Candle. Audrey even offers to help with the auction. However, Cassie becomes suspicious when items for the auction go missing. She must use her powers, and the help of Martha and husband/police chief Jake (Chris Potter), to uncover the truth.

Meanwhile, Lori (Hannah Endicott-Douglas), now a college student and a fellow writer on the newspaper, is desperate to find a date to her brother's wedding. Jim (Connor Price), the editor of the newspaper, likes Lori, but Lori herself doesn't know that Jim really likes her. He goes out of his way by crashing her dates and ultimately harassing her to show his true feelings for her. Lori finally learns of this and tells Jim that she's not just looking for a date to her brother's wedding, but what she was really looking for was really a boyfriend. The two share their true feelings to each other and kiss. Lori invites Jim to the wedding and end the movie as boyfriend and girlfriend.


In its original airing on the Hallmark Channel, "The Good Witch's Wonder" was watched by 2.49 million viewers and had a 0.3 rating among adults aged 18 to 49.

This is the last "Good Witch" to feature Chris Potter as Jake Russell and Matthew Knight as Brandon Russell.
Brandon was aged up and recast for the Television Series with Dan Jeannotte taking over the role and Jake was killed off between "Wonder" and the Good Witch series due to scheduling conflicts with Chris Potter's work on "Heartland".



</doc>
<doc id="43691878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43691878" title="Prairie Chickens">
Prairie Chickens

Prairie Chickens is a 1943 sequel to "Dudes are Pretty People" (1942) and "Calaboose" (1943), Western films from "Hal Roach's Streamliners," a series of approximately 50-minute comedic movies, in this case directed by Hal Roach, Jr. and starring Jimmy Rogers as "Jimmy" and Noah Beery, Jr. as "Pidge Crosby" (Beery's real-life nickname was "Pidge"). The supporting cast features comedy veteran Raymond Hatton, who had been an unofficial comedy partner with Beery's uncle Wallace Beery in several pictures two decades earlier, and the featurette's running time is 48 minutes.

Jimmy Rogers ... 
Jimmy<br>
Noah Beery, Jr. ... 
Pidge<br>
Joe Sawyer ... 
Albertson<br>
Marjorie Woodworth ... 
Lucy<br>
Jack Norton ... 
Henry Lewis-Clark III<br>
Raymond Hatton ... 
Jefferson 'Jeff' Gibson<br>
Rosemary La Planche ... 
Yola



</doc>
<doc id="43692136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43692136" title="The Lone Star Trail">
The Lone Star Trail

The Lone Star Trail is a 1943 American Western film directed by Ray Taylor and starring Johnny Mack Brown and Tex Ritter. The supporting cast features Fuzzy Knight and Jennifer Holt and, in a small role as a villain, Robert Mitchum (billed as "Bob Mitchum"). The screenplay was written by Oliver Drake from a story by Victor Halperin.

A U.S. marshal (Tex Ritter) and his sidekick (Fuzzy Knight) help a framed ex-convict (Johnny Mack Brown) track rustlers.



</doc>
<doc id="43692268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43692268" title="The Calling (2014 film)">
The Calling (2014 film)

The Calling is a 2014 Canadian crime thriller film adapted from the 2008 novel of the same name by Michael Redhill (published under the pen name Inger Ash Wolfe). The film stars Susan Sarandon, Gil Bellows, Ellen Burstyn, Topher Grace, Donald Sutherland, and Christopher Heyerdahl.

Inspector Hazel Micallef (Susan Sarandon) is a police officer in the small Ontario town of Fort Dundas. She is called to check in on elderly Delia Chandler and finds the woman nearly decapitated in her living room. Chandler's mouth is twisted as if she is screaming. The police encounter another gruesome murder where a man's stomach has been fed to some dogs. His face was also twisted into a scream. After a third murder, the police come to believe they are dealing with a serial killer. They discover that the mouths have been positioned to form the syllables of the word "Líbera".

Micallef consults Father Price (Donald Sutherland), a priest in the nearby Catholic church who specializes in Latin. Price explains the various meanings and uses of "libera", including a "Resurrection Prayer", which supposedly holds the power to raise the dead. He claims that Jesus was resurrected through the sacrifice of 12 willing souls. Micallef deduces that the serial killer she is pursuing is contorting his victims' faces into the 12 syllables of the Resurrection Prayer.

Micallef's deputy, Ben Wingate (Topher Grace), uses his mother's travel points to fly to British Columbia to follow a lead from the Delia Chandler killing. He finds a woman at a trailer in the middle of the forest and learns that she is delivering gifts from "the disciples" and begs him not to enter the trailer. Inside, Wingate discovers more packages and a body wrapped in formaldehyde-soaked bandages.

At a local coffee shop, a mysterious man (Christopher Heyerdahl) enters and chats with the waitress (Kristin Booth). She tells him that her daughter (Ella Ballentine) has terrible seizures, and he offers to help. At her house, he brews the child some tea and appears to smother her. When Micallef later visits the waitress, she learns that the daughter nearly died from the tea she drank but that a recent MRI revealed she was symptom-free. The young girl revealed that the mysterious man's name is Simon. Micallef consults the Coroner's Reports on the local victims and realizes that they were all poisoned. She also discovers that they were all terminally ill. She deduces that Simon is gathering his victims from an on-line forum for terminal patients. She tracks down his next victim and sends Wingate to prevent the murder. Wingate is not in time; and Simon grabs him from behind, injecting Wingate with a powerful sedative.

Simon next turns up in Fr. Price's church, where they talk briefly about Simon's mission. It becomes clear that Simon is attempting to resurrect the body in his trailer and that Fr. Price will be his next victim, because he, too, is terminally ill. Fr. Price is willing to be a sacrifice, but he begins to doubt that they are doing the right thing. Wingate and Micallef arrive too late to save Fr. Price. A nun informs Micallef that Simon's real name is Peter and that he and his brother were orphans under Fr. Price's care. One of them was adopted while the other was left in the orphanage. The dead body in the trailer is Peter's brother, who had committed suicide a year earlier.

Micallef's superiors have deduced who Peter's next victim will be, and they have already secured him. Micallef resents being left off the team that will arrest Peter. She finishes off a bottle of whisky and goes home in a stupor. Peter is waiting for her there. He drugs her and takes her to a farmhouse where he brews her some of his tea. He explains his mission to her, but she remains confused about why he would want to resurrect his brother, who did not want to live. Peter gets her to admit that the true source of her pain is the loss of her baby, and she nearly agrees to be his 12th victim. As she is about to drink the poison, she decides against it. Peter kills himself instead. The film ends with the police raiding the trailer and finding the bed empty.

The movie was filmed primarily in the community of Dundas in Hamilton, Ontario.

"The Calling" grossed over $3 million in the United States on cable, satellite, and video on demand platforms and was #3 on the Top 10 Indie And Theatrical Films of 2014 on Xfinity, Comcast Cable's on demand service.

Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a score of 51% based on 43 reviews with an average score of 5.5/10. Metacritic assigned the film a score of 46 out of 100, based on a weighted average of 11 reviews from mainstream critics.

"Los Angeles Times" reviewer Gary Goldstein praised the film, calling it "an absorbing, solidly crafted procedural thriller" and noting positively on Stone's directing, Abramovitch's writing, and Sarandon's performance which Goldstein later awarded the Best Actress designation in "Los Angeles Times"<nowiki>'</nowiki> 4th Annual "Level The Playing Field" nominations during Oscar season. Pete Vonder Haar of "The Village Voice" wrote that ""The Calling" breathes new life into a moribund genre by touching oft-ignored themes and offering a bit of introspection to go along with the obligatory slashed throats and biblical portents." In her three star review of the film, critic Elizabeth Weitzman of the "New York Daily News" noted "If there are any cable executives out there looking for the next great drama, they might want to check out "The Calling"."

Bruce DeMara of the "Toronto Star" wrote that the film had "a solid beginning" and complimented Stone on creating "an interesting ... Canadian mood", but criticized the overall plot as "outlandish and preposterous" and stated that the film loses its initial momentum "despite Sarandon’s reliably solid performance". Frank Scheck, writing for "The Hollywood Reporter", also notes the lack of momentum and cites Stone's pacing as "[keeping] the atmosphere oppressively moody to the point of sluggish tedium," but praises the performances of the actors, especially Heyerdahl's "real level of creepiness."

RogerEbert.com writer Brian Tallerico called the film "a depressingly bad movie" that "miraculously finds a way to waste the prodigious talents of Susan Sarandon, Ellen Burstyn, and Donald Sutherland", likening it to "the colorful elements of "Fargo" and "Seven" [blended] into a bland beige." Robbie Collin of "The Daily Telegraph" called the film's plot predictable and noted that "the dread barely bobs above sea level".

"The Calling" is rated R16 in New Zealand for graphic violence.



</doc>
<doc id="43693441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43693441" title="Prelude to Axanar">
Prelude to Axanar

Prelude to Axanar (working title: "Star Trek: Prelude to Axanar", and long title: "The Four Years War Part III: Prelude to Axanar") is a 2014 fan-made short film, directed by Christian Gossett and written by Gossett and Alec Peters. Funded through Kickstarter, production sought $10,000 in funding, but raised $101,000. It had its public debut July 26, 2014 at the San Diego Comic-Con.

Set in the "Star Trek" universe, the film stars Kate Vernon, Tony Todd, Richard Hatch, Gary Graham, and J. G. Hertzler, in a documentary-style film recounting the events surrounding the Battle of Axanar, mentioned without any detail in passing in the original "Star Trek" series episode "", here depicted as a decisive military engagement between the United Federation of Planets and the Klingon Empire.

Alec Peters began work on the film in 2010. Prior to 2016, the Star Trek rights holders, primarily Paramount Studios, had generally allowed fan-made projects to move forward just "as long as they agreed not to sell anything—including tickets, merchandise, or copies of the finished film or series." To circumvent these limitations Peters employed both a Kickstarter and a fan funding campaign which eventually exceeded his initial funding goal of $10,000 by raising $101,000. The film itself was shot in two days. Cast includes Richard Hatch and J. G. Hertzler in principal roles, with Gary Graham reprising his role as Vulcan ambassador Soval. The filmmaker's stated purpose was to demonstrate that high quality "Star Trek" films could be made on a low budget. The film's makeup was by Kevin Haney, sound design was by Frank Serafine, and visual effects were the work of Tobias Richter and Tommy Kraft.

The film is presented as one episode of a Federation documentary pertaining to a "Four Years War" with the Klingon Empire, narrated by fictional noted historian John Gill (who appeared in "Patterns of Force") and featuring interviews of participants on both sides. The events depicted reportedly precede "" by two decades, with the war's opening battle at Arcanis IV, a prosperous Federation colony along the Klingon border. The Klingons, who did not consider the Federation to be a worthy adversary, maintained the initiative for the first six months of the war, with a number of victories under the leadership of their supreme commander, Kharn. The Vulcan diplomatic delegation under Ambassador (who appeared on ""), overseeing negotiations with the Klingons, are left with little room to maneuver.

In response to the losses suffered in the war, Starfleet appoints a new Commander-in-Chief, Admiral Marcus Ramirez, who pledges in a fleet-wide broadcast to defend "the dream of the Federation" against the Klingons' commitment to its destruction. Ramirez oversees the creation of the "Ares"-class cruisers, Starfleet's first warships, to counter the Klingons' mainstay, the D6 battlecruiser. The introduction of the "Ares" turns the tide against the Klingons, who begin to give Starfleet its due as a worthy opponent, and particularly take notice of Garth of Izar (who appeared in ""), the captain of the prototype USS "Ares".

To counter the "Ares" cruisers, the Klingons order the construction of a newer and more advanced battlecruiser, the D7, that would restore the Klingons' technical and military advantage. In response, Starfleet begins developing their own next-generation heavy cruiser, the "Constitution"-class, but construction falls behind schedule. To gain more time to finish their new heavy cruiser, Starfleet approves a plan proposed by Garth to fight the Klingons at Axanar, the planet where Kharn's spies have reported the "Constitution" prototypes (revealed to be the "Constitution" and the "Enterprise") are being built. The narrative concludes shortly before the battle at Axanar, when the first three D7s enter the war, leaving the audience to wonder what actually happened in the battle itself.


Jana Monji of RogerEbert.com spoke during the film's private red carpet screening at the Horton Plaza UA Cinema prior to its debut at San Diego's Comic-Con, and offered that involvement of known acting talent dedicated to the genre and to "Prelude to Axanar" might increase "Star Trek" fan influence at such events. By way of example, the film's inclusion of Richard Hatch of the original TV series "Battlestar Galactica" would have the "fan-verse" of the two series collide in a positive manner.

"Houston Press" called it a functional example of "demonstration of concept," and urged "Star Trek" fans to see the film. They praised the cast, writing "actors (Richard Hatch, Tony Todd, etc.) have some serious chops," and noted that the film's visual effects "are stunning."

"Home Media Magazine" shared "the film’s high production values, cinema-quality special effects and the involvement of actors from the canonical "Star Trek" series elevates "Prelude to Axanar" beyond the status of a mere fan film."

Author David Gerrold, writer of "The Trouble with Tribbles" and contributor to both and "", after reading the "Axanar" script for the first time, stated "This is Star Trek." Liking the concept, and being so personally familiar with the "Star Trek" universe, he signed on as creative consultant.

"Guardian Liberty Voice" wrote "The acting is superb, including appealing performances from Gary Graham as a Vulcan ambassador, Richard Hatch as the sweet-eyed Klingon General Kharn and the magnetic Kate Vernon as Starfleet Captain Sonya Alexander," and praised the film, writing ""Prelude to Axanar" is of the highest Hollywood-style production quality and a must-see for any devotee of the franchise."

"Entertainment News International" drew the conclusion that "Axanar is a ground breaking independent film that proves the idea that a studio doesn't need to spend millions of dollars to produce a feature quality production. Axanar will be the first non-CBS/Paramount produced Star Trek to look and feel like a true Star Trek movie."

"Prelude to Axanar" won six of nine categories in the 2015 Independent Star Trek Fan Film Awards (Best Production Design; Best Visual Effects; Best Soundtrack; Best Original Story or Screenplay; Best Director; and Best Dramatic Presentation, Short Form), presented at and by Treklanta.

"Prelude to Axanar" released a three-minute teaser-trailer on June 11, 2014. The completed 21 minute short film had a private red carpet premiere July 26, 2014 at San Diego's Horton Plaza UA Cinema and its public debut screening at the 2014 Comic-Con. Available through the Axanar Productions YouTube page, the "Prelude to Axanar" film includes subtitles in eight languages: French, Spanish, German, Dutch, Czech and Portuguese, as well as both American and British English.
Raising $638,000 on Kickstarter through the creation and release of "Prelude to Axanar", Peters went into pre-production for the feature film "Star Trek: Axanar", with production slated to begin in October 2015, for an early 2016 release. The original plan was to raise financing "in chunks", with the initial Kickstarter to raise enough money to obtain a warehouse, convert it to a sound stage and build sets. Approximately $200,000 of the funding happened in the campaign's final 49 hours, after "" alum George Takei shared his interest publicly, bringing production more than six-times the originally sought amount of $100,000. The cast includes:
Richard Hatch as Kharn the Undying (Klingon supreme commander); J. G. Hertzler as Admiral Samuel Travis (Captain of the USS "Hercules"); Gary Graham as Soval (Vulcan Ambassador to the Federation); and Kate Vernon as Captain Sonya Alexander (Captain of the USS "Ajax").

On January 3, 2016, Alec Peters announced he would no longer portray Captain Kelvar Garth in the "Axanar" movie, stating that he wanted to hire a professional actor to fill the role, which would allow him to focus more on writing and producing.

On December 29, 2015, CBS and Paramount Pictures filed a copyright lawsuit seeking damages in the US District Court for the Central District of California, stating Axanar works infringe their rights by making use of the Klingon language and "innumerable copyrighted elements of "Star Trek", including its settings, characters, species, and themes".

On March 28, 2016, Axanar Productions filed a motion to dismiss or strike Paramount and CBS's claims, saying the elements mentioned in the court filing are not protected by copyright and it is seeking premature relief from a work, the "Axanar" film, that does not exist.

On May 9, 2016, the motion to dismiss the lawsuit was denied. Later that month, J. J. Abrams said that "within the next few weeks, it will be announced this is going away". Abrams said he pushed the studio to stop the lawsuit, because "we realized this is not the appropriate way to deal with the fans." This statement by Abrams had no apparent effect on the lawsuit, since the case was scheduled for a jury trial in early 2017.

On June 23, 2016, Paramount and CBS released new fan film guidelines, which Axanar staff described as "disheartening" and "draconian." However, Alex Peters had several times suggested that the rights holders should issue guidelines to fanfilm makers, even going so far as proposing some prior to the CBS official guidelines release, a number of which were similar to those finally imposed.

On January 5, 2017, U.S. District Court judge R. Gary Klausner rejected various motions by both parties, setting the stage for a civil trial on the matter to go forward on January 31. On January 20, 2017, the parties announced that the lawsuit had been settled, with Alec Peters and Axanar Productions promising to make "substantial changes" to "Axanar" and agreeing to abide by Paramount's and CBS' "Guidelines for Fan Films." Under the terms of the settlement, the filmmakers will be allowed to release two 15-minute movies, instead of their planned 90-minute feature. The films cannot be shown with ads.



</doc>
<doc id="43693675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43693675" title="The Young Country">
The Young Country

The Young Country is a 74-minute 1970 American western made-for-TV film, written and directed by Roy Huggins (creator of TV's Maverick (TV series)). It starred Walter Brennan, Joan Hackett, Wally Cox, Pete Duel and Roger Davis. It was aired on 17th March 1970 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" strand. It was televised in the UK on 1st May 1970 and went on to be shown in Japan, Spain, South Korea and the Philippines. 

Made as a pilot for a potential series, "The young Country" was about con artists in the Old West. "TV Guide" describes "The young Country" as a lighthearted "Movie of the Week" Western, where a footloose young gambler is searching for the owner of a mysterious fortune. 

Stephen Foster Moody (Roger Davis, of TV's Dark Shadows) is "a serious student" of gambling, takes a personal oath to spend the rest of his life avoiding "hard liquor and hard work" after doing hitches in both the Union and Confederate armies. Aarom Grimes (Wally Cox) is a thief who robs a bank. They, and other various interested parties set about finding the said mysterious fortune. 
"The Young Country" was rejected as a series by ABC, however, they broadcast it as an ABC Movie of the Week. Roy Huggins went on to develop a pilot, "Alias Smith and Jones", which ABC accepted and was turned into a series of the same name. That followed the adventures of two reformed outlaws, who in character were not dissimilar to those played by Pete Duel and Roger Davis in "The Young Country". 



</doc>
<doc id="43695138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43695138" title="Hoppy Serves a Writ">
Hoppy Serves a Writ

Hoppy Serves a Writ is a 1943 Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy. The supporting cast features Andy Clyde, Victor Jory and George Reeves. The film remains noteworthy today as one of the earliest performances (his 2nd) of unshaven newcomer Robert Mitchum, who made an impression upon the studio by generating a surprising fan mail response exactly as Clark Gable had after playing an extremely similar unshaven role in "The Painted Desert", a Western starring William Boyd produced a dozen years earlier.




</doc>
<doc id="43697026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43697026" title="Star Trek Beyond">
Star Trek Beyond

Star Trek Beyond is a 2016 American science fiction action film directed by Justin Lin, written by Simon Pegg and Doug Jung, and based on the television series "Star Trek" created by Gene Roddenberry. It is the 13th film in the "Star Trek" film franchise and the third installment in the reboot series, following "Star Trek" (2009) and "Star Trek Into Darkness" (2013). Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto reprise their respective roles as Captain James T. Kirk and Commander Spock, with Pegg, Karl Urban, Zoe Saldana, John Cho, and Anton Yelchin reprising their roles from the previous films. This was one of Yelchin's last films before his death in June 2016. Idris Elba, Sofia Boutella, Joe Taslim, and Lydia Wilson also appear.

Principal photography began in Vancouver on June 25, 2015. The film premiered in Sydney on July 7, 2016, and was released in the United States on July 22, 2016, by Paramount Pictures. The film is dedicated to the memory of Yelchin, as well as to actor Leonard Nimoy, who died during pre-production. The film grossed $343.5 million at the box office, and received generally positive reviews with praise for its acting, action sequences, musical score, visual effects, and tributes to Yelchin and Nimoy. At the 89th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for Best Makeup and Hairstyling, but lost to "Suicide Squad".

The starship USS "Enterprise" arrives at starbase "Yorktown", for resupply and shore leave for its crew. Struggling to find meaning in their exploration, Captain James T. Kirk has applied for a promotion to vice admiral; he recommends Spock as his replacement. Meanwhile, Hikaru Sulu reunites with his family, Montgomery Scott works to keep the ship operational, and Spock and Nyota Uhura have ended their relationship; Spock also receives word from New Vulcan that Ambassador Spock has died.

"Enterprise" is dispatched on a rescue mission after an escape pod drifts out of a nearby uncharted nebula. Its occupant, Kalara, claims her ship is stranded on Altamid, a planet in the nebula. A massive swarm of small ships ambushes and quickly begins to tear the "Enterprise" apart. The swarm's leader, Krall, and his crew board the crippled "Enterprise", capture and kill many crew members, and attempt to capture the Abronath, a relic recovered during a recent mission. Kirk orders the crew to abandon ship, leaving the remains of the "Enterprise" saucer section to crash on Altamid.

On the planet, Krall captures Sulu, Uhura, and other survivors. Kirk and Pavel Chekov, accompanied by Kalara, locate the "Enterprise"s saucer section. Knowing that Kalara knew they would be attacked, they trick her into revealing herself as Krall's spy. She is killed when Kirk and Chekov escape Krall's soldiers and flip the "Enterprise" saucer on Kalara. Elsewhere on the planet, Dr. Leonard McCoy and a wounded Spock search for other survivors. Spock explains to McCoy that the tension he witnessed between him and Uhura at "Yorktown" was due to his intention to leave Starfleet to help the Vulcan survivors, and continue the late Ambassador Spock's work. Jaylah, a scavenger who previously escaped Krall's encampment where her father was killed, rescues Scott and takes him to her makeshift home, the grounded , an early Starfleet vessel reported missing over a century earlier. Scott is reunited with Kirk, Chekov, McCoy and Spock. Krall coerces the "Enterprise" crew to hand over the Abronath, then uses it to complete an ancient bioweapon. With the device complete, Krall intends to kill "Yorktown"s inhabitants, then use the base to attack the United Federation of Planets. Kirk and the others free the crew as Krall launches into space with the bioweapon, leading his drones to "Yorktown".

The "Enterprise" survivors power up the "Franklin" and launch her in pursuit of Krall. Theorizing the swarm's system may be vulnerable to high frequencies such as VHF or radio, they jam and destroy the swarm by broadcasting the song "Sabotage" by the Beastie Boys. Krall is chased by the "Franklin" through "Yorktown". Uhura and Kirk discover from the "Franklin"s logs that Krall is actually Balthazar Edison, "Franklin's" former captain. A pre-Federation human soldier, Edison rejected the Federation's principles of unity and cooperation with former enemies like the Xindi and the Romulans. When he and his crew were stranded on Altamid by a wormhole, the survivors used the extinct natives' technology to prolong their lives at the cost of the others, and re-purposed the ancient race's dormant drone workers into the swarm. Thinking the Federation had abandoned them, Edison planned to destroy the Federation and resume galactic conflict. Kirk pursues Edison into "Yorktown"s ventilation system, where Edison activates the bioweapon. Before it can spread, Kirk ejects it and Edison into space, where the weapon kills Edison. Using an alien ship they commandeered, Spock and McCoy save Kirk moments before he is also blown into space.

In the aftermath, Commodore Paris closes the files of Captain Edison and the USS "Franklin" crew. Though offered the promotion to vice admiral, Kirk decides to remain in his position as a captain; Spock chooses to remain in Starfleet, and renews his relationship with Uhura. On Kirk's recommendation, Jaylah is accepted into Starfleet Academy. As the crew celebrates Kirk's birthday, they watch the construction of their new ship, the USS "Enterprise"-A—and resume their mission.


Leonard Nimoy appears in a photo cameo as Spock Prime, alongside George Takei, Walter Koenig, William Shatner, James Doohan, DeForest Kelley, and Nichelle Nichols as the Prime versions of Sulu, Chekov, Kirk, Scott, McCoy, and Uhura, respectively.

Abrams returned only as a producer so he could focus on directing "". Writer-producer Roberto Orci was announced as director in May 2014. He would have been making his directorial debut. However, in December, Orci's role was also listed as a producer only, with Edgar Wright considered to replace him as director, along with a shortlist of others, including Rupert Wyatt, Morten Tyldum, Daniel Espinosa, Justin Lin and Duncan Jones. Also, "Star Trek" actor and director Jonathan Frakes expressed interest in the job. At the end of the month, Lin was announced as director of the third installment.

In 2013, Orci had begun writing the script with Patrick McKay and J. D. Payne, with Payne saying of the script in March, "We really want to get back to the sense of exploration and wonder. The kind of optimistic sense of the future that "Star Trek" has always kind of had at its core. It's the Chicago Bulls in space, in terms of these people who are all awesome at their job." In January 2015, after Orci's departure as director, Simon Pegg and Doug Jung were hired to rewrite the screenplay, with Pegg saying on the previous draft, Paramount "had a script for "Star Trek" that wasn't really working for them. I think the studio was worried that it might have been a little bit too "Star Trek"-y." Pegg had been asked to make the new film "more inclusive", stating that the solution was to "make a western or a thriller or a heist movie, then populate that with "Star Trek" characters so it's more inclusive to an audience that might be a little bit reticent."

The first film's major cast members signed on for two sequels as part of their original deals. In 2014, early in the film's development, William Shatner said that he was contacted by producer Abrams to see if he would be interested in a possible role, but as the process continued and the script changed hands, the role never materialized. Alice Eve was not included in the film despite her character having joined the "Enterprise" crew at the end of the last installment, because Pegg, in writing the script, did not have anything meaningful for her to do; however, he stressed that Eve could appear in a later installment. Joseph Gatt's cyborg Science Officer 0718 was dropped from the film after a rewrite. In March 2015, Idris Elba was in early talks to play the villain, and he was confirmed for the role in the following months. Pegg noted that the villain would be an original one, rather than a known antagonist from past stories in the "Star Trek" franchise. In April, Sofia Boutella joined the cast in a lead role, and in early July, Deep Roy was confirmed to reprise his role of Keenser. That month, Joe Taslim was added to the cast opposite Elba's villain, and by August, Lydia Wilson joined as well. In March 2016, Shohreh Aghdashloo was cast as Commodore Paris for reshoots on the film.

Principal photography on the film began on June 25, 2015, in Vancouver, and Squamish, British Columbia, after several delays caused by multiple script rejections. Additional filming locations were Seoul, South Korea, and Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Principal filming ended on October 15, 2015. In March 2016, production underwent reshoots, with Aghdashloo added to the cast.

In August 2015, composer Michael Giacchino confirmed that he would return to write the score. On June 26, 2016, singer Rihanna released a teaser across her social media accounts for a single for the film entitled "Sledgehammer", and the song premiered the following day. The Beastie Boys' "Sabotage" was used in the movie's trailer, as well as the final battle scene.

The visual effects are provided by Atomic Fiction, DNEG and Kelvin Optical and Supervised by Kevin Baillie, Ryan Tudhope, Pauline Duvall and Peter Chiang as the Production Supervisor with help from Rodeo FX.

The film was released in 2D, RealD 3D, Imax 3D and Barco Escape. In August 2014, it was announced that Paramount had pushed back the release of the film to 2016, for the 50th anniversary celebration of the debut of Gene Roddenberry's original sci-fi series. In December, it was announced that the film was to be released on July 8, 2016. In September 2015, the film's release date was pushed back to July 22, 2016. The film was released in Dolby Cinema format in selected theaters. The film had its Australian premiere in Sydney on July 7.

A teaser trailer for the film was released on December 14, 2015, and was criticized by some fans for focusing too much on action, and for featuring the Beastie Boys song "Sabotage", which many considered out of place, despite its use in the first film of the rebooted series. Pegg expressed similar thoughts of dissatisfaction with the teaser, saying that he "didn't love it" because "I know there's a lot more to the film." He interpreted the trailer to be a way of the marketing team saying, "Come and see this movie! It's full of action and fun!" A second trailer was released on May 20, 2016, to warmer reviews. A third and final trailer was released on June 27, 2016, featuring Rihanna's single "Sledgehammer".

"Star Trek Beyond" was released on Digital HD on October 4, 2016, and on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray and DVD on November 1, 2016.

"Star Trek Beyond" underperformed financially at the box office. Scott Mendelson of "Forbes" observed that one factor contributing to the film's underperformance was its untimely release in a crowded summer in which it was surrounded by other films like "Ghostbusters", "Jason Bourne" and "Suicide Squad". He also noted that had Paramount released the film for the "Star Trek"s 50th anniversary on September 8, the film could have benefited from that occasion, as demonstrated in October 2012 when MGM released the James Bond film "Skyfall" (which went on to gross over $1 billion) for that series' 50th anniversary.

"Star Trek Beyond" grossed $158.8 million in the United States and Canada and $184.6 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $343.5 million, against a production budget of $185 million. It had a global opening of $89.2 million and an IMAX opening of $11.6 million on 571 IMAX screens. Industry analyst Danny Cox had previously estimated that in order for the film to break even, it would have to earn $340–350 million worldwide, and ended losing an estimated $50.5 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film was projected to gross $50–60 million from 3,928 theaters in its opening weekend. It opened alongside "" and "Lights Out", but critics noted that the film did not face any direct competition with them. It opened across 3,928 theaters, of which 391 were IMAX. It made $5.5 million from Thursday previews from 3,100 theaters, an improvement over its two immediate predecessors. Of that, the film grossed $1.1 million on 387 IMAX screens. This includes revenues generated from Wednesday night, when Paramount screened all "Star Trek" films, which concluded with a 10pm screening of "Beyond". On its opening day, it earned $22.5 million, which is the second-biggest among the franchise, only behind "Star Trek" ($30.9 million), the third-biggest opening day of the summer for a live-action film and the second-biggest opening day of the year for a non-comic book superhero live-action film, behind only "The Jungle Book". It earned $59.3 million in its opening weekend, which is the third-biggest debut among the franchise but the lowest of the reboot series (behind "Star Trek" and "Star Trek Into Darkness" for both). Adjusted for inflation, it ranks fourth behind the aforementioned films and "" ($60 million). It performed exceptionally well in IMAX making $8.7 million in 387 IMAX screens. The film came in 14% lower than the opening of its immediate predecessor, "Star Trek Into Darkness", but box office experts noted that the fall was mild in comparison to other sequels of 2016 and is still considered a hit. It dropped precipitously by 69% on its second Friday and was overtaken by newcomer spy film "Jason Bourne", earning $6.75 million. By comparison, "Star Trek" dropped 56% on its first Friday while "Star Trek into Darkness" fell 53%. However, this was not the worst Friday-to-Friday drop for a "Star Trek" film, as "" plunged 83% on its second Friday due to negative word-of-mouth and heavy competition from "".

By the second and third weekend following the film's release, box office revenue continued to drop significantly due to the release of competing films like "Jason Bourne" and "Suicide Squad".

Internationally, the film received a scattered release pattern and was released across approximately 76 markets. It opened in 37 markets in conjunction with its North American release in its first weekend, including in the United Kingdom, Germany and Australia — territories where the franchise has traditionally performed well. It earned a total of $30 million from the said number of markets which is slightly lower than "Star Trek Into Darkness" $31.7 million international debut in 2013. Paramount said that the heatwave in Europe negatively impacted the weekend's results. "Beyond" debuted at first place in 16 of them and recorded the biggest opening weekend ever for the franchise in 17 markets, including Russia, Taiwan and Thailand. It debuted in third place overall at the international box office, behind "Skiptrace" and "The Legend of Tarzan". "Beyond" set numerous records in IMAX theaters. Led by very strong results in the UK and Russia, it grossed an estimated weekend of $3.2 million on 184 screens besting "Star Trek Into Darkness" $2.8 million debut. In its second weekend, it fell drastically by 57% earning $13 million. As a result, it slipped into sixth place at the box office. After fluctuating up and down the charts, it finally topped the international box office in its seventh weekend due to a robust debut in China and remained at the top for the second weekend in a row.

The highest international tallies were recorded in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malta ($6.1 million), South Korea ($5.6 million), Germany ($4.5 million), Russia and the CIS ($3.3 million), Australia ($3 million), France ($2.1 million), Mexico ($1.5 million), Brazil ($1.6 million), Venezuela ($1.4 million) and Taiwan ($1 million). In the United Kingdom, where the performance of the franchise has been consistently solid, it was edged out by the family film "The BFG". Its £4.74 million ($6.2 million) opening from 535 theaters is the lowest among the rebooted series and a 31% decline from the £8.43 million ($11 million) opening posted by "Star Trek Into Darkness", if previews are deducted. "The Guardian" cited J. J. Abrams' departure as the director and fans' unenthusiastic response to Idris Elba as the villain (in comparison to Benedict Cumberbatch in "Star Trek Into Darkness") as some possible reasons why the film failed to generate lucrative revenue. The site also projected a total gross of around £20 million ($26 million+) for the film.

It opened in China on September 2, and earned an estimated $9.30 million on its opening day (representing 66% of the total marketplace), including $370,000 in midnight preview showings which is 160% larger than the opening day of "Star Trek Into Darkness" and $21.8 million in two days. In total, it had an opening weekend of $31.3 million (per Paramount) and $30.7 million (according to Chinese box office service Ent Group) from 6,259 screens, marking the biggest "Star Trek" debut in country which is 105% bigger than the opening of "Star Trek Into Darkness". It was the only one of five new releases to make any impression on the chart. It remained at the top of the box office for a second weekend by adding another $10.1 million (according to Chinese data provider Ent Group), or $11.37 million (according to Paramount) from 5,830 locations from Friday to Sunday, a steep decline of 62.6% from its previous weekend. It fell out of the top 10 in its third weekend, and has grossed a total of $64.2 million there. It is projected the film will end its run there anywhere around $70–100 million, a disappointing figure considering the robust marketing effort by investors Alibaba Pictures and Huahua Media. Thus, the film is the second Paramount film to underperform in that corner following "" in July.

In terms of total earnings, its biggest offshore markets are the United Kingdom ($13.3 million), Germany ($8.6 million), Russia and the CIS ($5.5 million) and Australia ($5.2 million). "Star Trek Beyond" opened in Japan on October 21, where it has earned $4.9 million as of 17 November 2016.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 86% based on 300 reviews, with an average rating of 7.01/10 as of December 2019. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Star Trek Beyond" continues the franchise's post-reboot hot streak with an epic sci-fi adventure that honors the series' sci-fi roots without skimping on the blockbuster action." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 68 out of 100, based on 50 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale, down from the first two films' "A".

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3 stars out of 4 and said, "Even with its big-screen pyrotechnics and its feature-length running time, "Star Trek Beyond" plays like an extended version of one of the better episodes from the original series, and I mean that in the best possible way." Scott Collura of "IGN" awarded the film 8.4/10, describing it as being: "terrific, a fun and exciting entry in the series that balances subtle fan service while also feeling fresh and modern; "Star Trek Beyond" is the perfect way to celebrate the series’ 50th anniversary." David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" said the screenplay by Simon Pegg and Doug Jung "injects a welcome strain of humor that's true to the original Gene Roddenberry creation, delivering nostalgia without stiff veneration", and went on by saying, "While "Beyond" won't unseat 1982's thrilling "" as the gold standard for "Star Trek" movies, it's a highly entertaining entry guaranteed to give the franchise continuing life." Owen Gleiberman of "Variety", in an otherwise positive review, described the film being: "a very familiar, old-fangled, no-mystery structure, and that’s because it’s basically the "Star Trek" version of an interplanetary action film, with a plot that doesn’t take you to many new frontiers." Furthermore, he called "Star Trek Beyond" "a somewhat diverting place holder, but one hopes that the next "Star Trek" movie will have what it takes to boldly go where no "Star Trek" movie has gone before." Mark Hugues of "Forbes" said, ""Star Trek Beyond" is the third-best "Star Trek" film of all time, creating the sort of emotional connection and familiar, powerful characterizations we loved in the original series while delivering top-notch action and the best "Star Trek" movie villain since "First Contact"s Borg Queen."

Despite its international success, "Star Trek Beyond" was met by critics who were less taken with the film. Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" gave the film 1½ stars out of 4 and he commented that the filmmakers "should have called it "Star Trek Into Drowsiness."" Smith later added, ""Beyond" is tepid when it’s trying to be emotional, moronic when it’s trying to be thrilling and unfunny when it’s trying to be non-unfunny. It lacks a storytelling module: Things just click into place when needed, as when Kirk commands Scotty to rev up a busted old spaceship, Scott says it’s impossible, and 14 seconds later everything is ready to rip." James Berardinelli of "Reelviews" gave 2½ stars out of 4, writing: ""Star Trek Beyond" is a "Star Trek" movie, although not an especially good one; The action sequences are frenetic, kinetic, and at times incoherent. This isn’t unexpected; it’s Lin’s trademark. But the plot, credited to Simon Pegg & Doug Jung, is pure "Trek". Unfortunately, it’s also instantly forgettable." Dave Robinson of outlet "Crash Landed" writes that ""Star Trek Beyond" fails to push beyond its own roots and becomes just another very safe sci-fi popcorn movie in an increasingly crowded market, that will likely have you leaving the theatre feeling exactly as you entered." Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a C+ and wrote, "[w]ith "Beyond", it feels like just another summer tentpole with not enough going on underneath the tent."

Pine and Quinto had signed contracts to return as Kirk and Spock for a fourth film should one be made. In July 2016, Abrams confirmed plans for a fourth film and stated that Chris Hemsworth would return as Kirk's father, George, whom he played in the prologue of the first film. Later that month, Paramount confirmed the return of Hemsworth, as well as most of the "Beyond" cast, producers Abrams and Lindsey Weber, and writers J. D. Payne and Patrick McKay. That same month, Abrams said that Chekov would not be recast, after Anton Yelchin died in an accident outside his residence in California.

In December 2017, it was revealed that Quentin Tarantino had pitched an idea for a potential "Star Trek" film to Abrams and Paramount, who were reportedly enthusiastic about the idea. Tarantino was mentioned as a possibility to direct the film if his schedule allowed, and that Abrams and Paramount would attempt to assemble a writer's room to explore the concept. On December 22, writer Mark L. Smith was hired by Paramount and Bad Robot to write a screenplay based on Tarantino's original pitch, with Tarantino still expected to direct.

In April 2018, it was announced that two new "Star Trek" films were in development at Paramount. Later that month, it was announced that S. J. Clarkson would direct the second "Star Trek" film in development, and that the film would enter production before Tarantino's film. J. D. Payne and Patrick McKay would co-write the screenplay, while Abrams and Lindsey Weber would co-produce the project. In August 2018, Pine and Hemsworth walked away from negotiations to star in the film after refusing to take pay cuts as a result of "Star Trek Beyond"s alleged underperformance at the domestic box office. According to Hemsworth, the reason for his exit was because he found the script underwhelming. In January 2019, Paramount reportedly cancelled development of the fourth installment, refusing to offer a comment.

In May 2019, Tarantino confirmed that his "Trek" film was still in development, saying: 
On November 19, 2019, it was reported that Pine had signed on to return for a fourth installment alongside Quinto, Saldana, Pegg and Urban, and that Noah Hawley was in talks to write and direct the film. Simon Pegg later stated that he had no knowledge of the reboot cast's return in the film.

In December 2019, it was reported that Tarantino had left his proposed film, looking to make a smaller budget film. In January 2020, Tarantino stated the film "might" be made, but he would not direct it.




</doc>
<doc id="43697665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43697665" title="Teen Lust (2014 film)">
Teen Lust (2014 film)

Teen Lust is a 2014 Canadian comedy horror directed by Blaine Thurier and written by Thurier and Jason Stone. The film had its world premiere on 10 September 2014 at the Toronto International Film Festival and stars Jesse Carere, Daryl Sabara and Annie Clark.

High school student Neil has taken an oath to remain celibate; an upcoming religious ceremony requires him to be a virgin. He's fully aware that his church is actually a Satan-worshiping cult, but only his parents and the other members know that this ceremony will involve actually sacrificing him to Satan. Not until during the ceremony, when Neil sees the dagger, does he realize what's about to happen; he and best friend Matt narrowly escape. Cult leader Sheldon sends members Collette and Brad to bring them back.

They realize Neil needs to lose his virginity to be safe. They go to Neil's friend and crush Denise; he frantically explains his situation and asks her to have sex with him. She doesn't believe him. They have to run when Brad and Collette show up at her house. Denise realizes Neil really is being pursued and helps him escape from the cult.

Matt and Neil show up at Cheryl's party to get Neil laid. He's confronted by two bullies from school. Neil humiliates the bullies via a magic trick. Cheryl's so impressed that she leads him upstairs for sex. But before it can happen, Denise shows up, warning him that Brad and Collette are close. Neil and Matt narrowly escape, but Denise is kidnapped.

Neil and Matt's next plan is to use prostitutes. At the brothel, Matt loses his virginity. But before Neil gets his turn, the place is surrounded by cult members, tipped off by the prostitute. Matt distracts them so Neil and Denise can escape in one of their cars. Denise and Neil confess their feelings for each other; she wants him right then. He pulls over into an alley so they can have sex, but he's overexcited and ends up climaxing before intercourse. The cult members catch up with them and they're captured.

In a locked cell, Neil is ready to accept his fate. Matt is willing to offer himself for anal sex and take Neil's virginity if it will save his life. But before they can carry out the plan, they're taken to the altar room. Meanwhile, upstairs, Denise has knocked out her guard, Brad. 

Neil is about to be sacrificed when Denise, who's infiltrated the altar room, knocks over a large candelabra, igniting the drapes behind the altar. The cult members back up in a panic. Denise climbs onto the altar and has sex with Neil while Matt uses that same candelabra to keep everyone at bay. With Neil's virginity taken, the cult's plan is ruined.

Some time later, Neil's parents have become devout Christians. Neil and Denise are now dating, and Matt is off to "bible study" with 3 pretty girls.


"The Hollywood Reporter" panned "Teen Lust", writing that it was "Uneven as a straightforward comedy and never pointed enough as a send-up of religion or sexuality." Joe Leydon of Variety also panned the film calling it a "conspicuously uninspired mix of teen-sex comedy and horror thriller tropes" but praised Cary Elwes' acting. "Fangoria" was more positive in their review and gave the film two and a half out of four skulls, as they felt that the movie did have "a few big laughs and a great premise" and that "It might be a missed opportunity, but at least it’s not a blown one." The film currently holds a 4.6/10 on IMDB.



</doc>
<doc id="43698032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43698032" title="The Woman Between (1931 American film)">
The Woman Between (1931 American film)

The Woman Between is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Howard Estabrook. The film stars Lili Damita, Lester Vail, O.P. Heggie, Miriam Seegar, and Anita Louise. The film was released on August 8, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

A young man returns from Europe after several years' estrangement from his family caused by his disapproval of his father's remarrying after his mother's death. At the family reunion he learns that his stepmother is the woman with whom he had a shipboard romance on the voyage home.




</doc>
<doc id="43698136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43698136" title="The Big Gamble (1931 film)">
The Big Gamble (1931 film)

The Big Gamble is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Fred Niblo and written by Walter DeLeon and F. McGrew Willis. The film stars William Boyd, Dorothy Sebastian, Warner Oland and James Gleason. The film was released on September 4, 1931 by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43698852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43698852" title="Sundown Trail">
Sundown Trail

Sundown Trail is a 1931 American pre-Code western film written and directed by Robert F. Hill and starring Tom Keene, Marion Shilling, Nick Stuart, Hooper Atchley and Stanley Blystone. It was released on September 11, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Her male co-stars liked to tease Marion Shilling during down time and frequently made her blush with their risque comments. "A bit later in my life when I became more hip, I thought of some great comebacks, but as with so many marvelous afterthoughts, it was too late, alas, too late." They also laughed together about their director, who they dubbed "Bring 'Em Back Alive." "Immaculately groomed, he wore riding pants and pith helmet, and everything he said was with emphasis. His booming voice and the way he dashed about left no doubt to onlookers as to who was directing the picture," Shilling said.

The film is preserved in the Library of Congress collection.




</doc>
<doc id="43699694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43699694" title="The Tip-Off (film)">
The Tip-Off (film)

The Tip-Off is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell, written by Earl Baldwin, and starring Eddie Quillan, Robert Armstrong, Ginger Rogers, Joan Peers and Ralf Harolde. The film was released on October 16, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Young Tommy Jordan (Eddie Quillan) is sent for a repair job. When he arrives at the address he was told, two guys are waiting for him on the street, bringing him somewhere else - without letting him see where - to repair a radio. He jokes about "must be a hide-out, that I should not know where I am", for which he earns a "you're a smart guy".
When left in the apartment doing his job, he follows a wire and ends up in the bedroom, lying on the floor under the bed. At this point, the telephone rings and a woman comes out of the bathroom and answers. He is trapped under the bed and can only see her legs. 
When the lady has finished her conversation, they have to talk and he is told that his great idol Kayo McClure (Robert Armstrong (actor)) a fighter lives in that apartment. She herself is "famous" Babyface (Ginger Rogers) the woman of McClure. 
When McClure comes back home, Tommy manages to hide and when Gang leader Nick Vatelli (Ralf Harolde) appears in McClure's apartment with his men threatening him, Tommy acts as Policeofficers through the radio-microphone, so that they leave the flat. McClure is forever thankful to Tommy and he offers him to help him whenever he needs it. McClure hands him out a ticket to a ball.
When he gets to the ball there is Baby-Face eager to dance with him. To avoid being mixed up too much with her attracting jealousy of McClure he grabs another girl, that was handy to him, to dance. But this girl is even worse, as she is the fiancé of Nick, Edna Moreno (Joan Peers). Tommy is very fond of her and when Nick appears he finally takes Edna with him to McClure, to hide for a night. The next day Babyface argues with McClure about hiding the kids, threatening to leave him. Edna leaves the apartment without saying anything.
Tommy finds out where she is, and with the help of McClure he saves her from marrying Nick. As the movie ends, Tommy and Edna get married.




</doc>
<doc id="43700334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43700334" title="Consolation Marriage">
Consolation Marriage

Consolation Marriage is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Paul Sloane and written by Humphrey Pearson. The film stars Irene Dunne, Pat O'Brien, John Halliday, Myrna Loy, and Matt Moore. The film was released on November 21, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

In prohibition-era Manhattan, shopkeeper Mary Brown loses Aubrey, her childhood sweetheart, when he marries a rich woman. Reporter Steve "Rollo" Porter has also lost his childhood sweetheart, Elaine, who has married some one else. Mary and Steve become friends and make a marriage of convenience based on a shared sense of whimsical humor as well as their mutual losses. When their old loves re-enter their lives, a few years later, Mary and Steve must decide what is really important to them.




</doc>
<doc id="43700793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43700793" title="Lost in Florence">
Lost in Florence

Lost in Florence (previously titled The Tourist ) is a 2017 romantic drama film written and directed by Evan Oppenheimer and starring Brett Dalton, Stana Katic, Alessandra Mastronardi, Marco Bonini, Alessandro Preziosi and Emily Atack. The sport played in the film is Calcio Fiorentino, an archaic form of soccer that has been played in Florence since the sixteenth century.


Originally titled "The Tourist", filming took place on location in Florence, Italy for four weeks beginning 9 June 2014, and filming completed around 10 July 2014.

In 2016, two years after production, the film was picked up for distribution by Orion Pictures and Gunpowder & Sky, and was released on 27 January 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="43701011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43701011" title="The Wise Kids">
The Wise Kids

The Wise Kids is a 2011 drama film written and directed by Stephen Cone and starring Molly Kunz, Tyler Ross, Allison Torem, Matt DeCaro, Sadieh Rifai, and Stephen Cone. An ensemble, coming-of-age piece, the film follows a group of young members of a South Carolina Baptist church as they confront issues of homosexuality and a crisis of faith.

Brea (Molly Kunz), Laura (Allison Torem), and Tim (Tyler Ross) are three high school seniors and close friends connected by their South Carolina Baptist church. As they prepare for life after graduation, Brea begins to have doubts about her beliefs, creating a rift between her and the devoutly religious Laura. Likewise, Tim begins to confront feelings of homosexuality, much to Laura's dismay. Brea's doubts about her faith continue to grow as she researches contradictions in the Bible. She befriends an outcast named Cheryl (Sadie Rogers), the granddaughter of a longtime congregation member, Ms. Powell. Cheryl confesses to Brea that she is a nonbeliever, further prompting Brea's curiosity and disbelief.

Meanwhile, Elizabeth (Sadieh Rifai), a fellow congregation member, is suffering from a lack of intimacy with her husband Austin (Stephen Cone), the church's music director. Austin begins to confront his own feelings of homosexuality, even privately exchanging an awkward kiss with Tim during a house party. Elizabeth continues to struggle with husband's lack of intimacy and embarrasses herself at a party after flirting with the church's married prospective youth director Dylan (Cliff Chamberlain). Austin and Elizabeth later go out on their anniversary and get drunk. Afterward, despite his best effort, Austin is still unable to perform sexually for his wife.

Tim eventually comes out to his single father Jerry (Matt DeCaro), who is accepting—if initially apprehensive—of his son's sexuality. Tim's younger brother Brad (Jacob Leinbach) does not take the news as well, but Jerry advises Tim to give Brad some time to process it. Tim and Brea then take Cheryl out to a dance club, where Tim further explores his sexuality by passionately dancing with a stranger.

Laura starts feeling increasingly alienated from Tim and Brea, which is only further complicated when Tim and Brea are accepted into New York University. Feeling her once close relationship with Tim and Brea fading away, she tries to befriend April (Alyssa Puckett) over a tense lunch date where she is introduced to Patrick, April's cousin. Laura, Brea, and Tim hang out for a final time before they head off to college. Laura then makes a final, impassioned plea for Brea to remain true to her faith.

The film then picks up after the three friends return home from their first semester at college. Laura is now dating Patrick while Tim and Brea are even closer than before. Jerry reaches out to Tim, asking him if he has met anyone at school. In turn, Tim suggests that his dad start looking for someone to date, too. Later that evening, Austin comes to Tim and confesses that he might be gay. Tim says that he is too and Austin cries on his shoulder.

The film concludes as the congregation members gather at the church's Christmas pageant. Austin mouths the words "I love you" to Elizabeth and she mouths back "I love you, too."

To raise money for production, the film's writer and director Stephen Cone ran a Kickstarter campaign with a goal of $17,500. The campaign closed on July 18, 2010, having successfully raised $17,830. The film was shot on location in Cone's hometown of Charleston, South Carolina. Cone, the son of a Baptist minister, described elements of the film as semi-autobiographical, saying that he "experienced some of it, and some of it is speculation and curiosity, wondering about people [he] grew up with."

"The Wise Kids" was given its world premiere at the Outfest film festival in Los Angeles, California on July 9, 2011. It was later shown at the LGBT NewFest in New York, New York on July 23, 2011. The film also opened the 30th annual Reeling Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. It was played premiered in Charleston on November 19, 2011.

The film was distributed by Wolfe Video who released the film on DVD January 8, 2013.

"The Wise Kids" received a very positive response from critics. The film holds a 100% positive "Fresh" rating on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3 out of 4 stars and described its handling of the subject matter as "honest, observant, and subtle." Robert Koehler of "Variety" called the performers "a brilliant cast of young actors" and said of the film, "Most impressively, this is an ensemble piece in which no boogeymen are permitted, everyone is observed in shades of gray, and the easy out of making fun of true believers is simply not in the cards." Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" praised the film as "... a guileless exploration of the growing pains of sheltered innocents whose reticence and sincerity evoke 1950s small-town values" and added, "The performances all capture the perplexity of sexually repressed people who are trying to do the proper Christian thing while coping with unruly desires that they recognize as challenges to their way of life. In its unassuming way, this tiny, low-budget film is a universal reflection on issues of personal identity and choice for which there are no easy answers."

Melissa Anderson of "The Village Voice" was slightly more critical, commenting, ""The Wise Kids" suffers from a theater workshop-y tendency to rest too long on pauses and silences to convey dramatic heft. But the blunder is ultimately overshadowed by Cone's excellent young actors, particularly Torem, burrowing deeply into her character's zealotry and anguish about being left behind."

"The Wise Kids" was selected as a Critics' Pick for "The New York Times". The film won the Audience Award for Best Narrative Feature at NewFest and won the Jury Awards for Best Narrative Feature and Best Ensemble at the Out on Film film festival. It also won the Grand Jury awards for Outstanding U.S. Screenwriting and Outstanding U.S. Dramatic Feature at the Outfest film festival.


</doc>
<doc id="43702331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43702331" title="Are These Our Children">
Are These Our Children

Are These Our Children? is a 1931 American pre-Code drama film directed by Wesley Ruggles and written by Howard Estabrook. The film stars Eric Linden, Ben Alexander, Beryl Mercer, Mary Kornman, Arline Judge, and Rochelle Hudson. The film was released on November 14, 1931 by RKO Pictures

Eddie Brand (Eric Linden) is a high school student in New York City. After he loses an oratory contest about the U.S. Constitution, he becomes depressed and leaves his girl friend Mary (Rochelle Hudson) to take up with Flo Carnes (Arline Judge) and her hardcore friends, Maybelle (Roberta Gale), Agnes (Mary Kornman), Nick Crosby (Ben Alexander) and Bennie Gray (Bobby Quirk), in spite of his grandmother's warnings. He and his new crowd of friends get drunk on gin in jazz clubs and dance halls, and start robbing strangers for cash. Eddie drops out of school and become more and more dependent on liquor.

One night, Eddie, needing a drink, shoots an old family friend, Heinrich "Heinie" Krantz (William Orlamond), who has refused to sell him a bottle of booze. When Eddie, Nick and Bennie are arrested for the murder, Nick blurts out the truth on the witness stand, and Eddie is given the death penalty, with Nick and Bennie given life sentences.



</doc>
<doc id="43702562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43702562" title="Nothing But Pleasure">
Nothing But Pleasure

Nothing But Pleasure is the third short subject American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures. Keaton made a total of ten films for the studio between 1939 and 1941.

Clarence Plunkett (Buster) and his wife (Dorothy Appleby) drive to Detroit to buy a new car. To save money on the shipping fee, they decide to drive it back home.

This short was later remade as an episode of "The Abbott and Costello Show".



</doc>
<doc id="43702589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43702589" title="Pardon My Berth Marks">
Pardon My Berth Marks

Pardon My Berth Marks is the fourth short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures. Keaton made a total of ten films for the studio between 1939 and 1941.

Elmer (Buster) is a newspaper reporter who boards a train and innocently becomes involved with a mobster's wife.

Columbia remade this film in 1947 (with Harry Von Zell) as "Rolling Down to Reno".



</doc>
<doc id="43703649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43703649" title="Painted Desert (1938 film)">
Painted Desert (1938 film)

Painted Desert is a 1938 Western film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien and Laraine Day (billed as "Laraine Johnson"). The picture is a remake of "The Painted Desert", which stars William Boyd and features an early appearance by Clark Gable in a major supporting role. The movie was partially filmed on location in Red Rock Canyon, a popular filming location during the 1930s and 1940s, with a multitude of B-Westerns being filmed there.

Bob, a young rancher, buys a mine on his leased land to prevent the working of it. However, surveys show a valuable mineral deposit, so he and Carol, the granddaughter of the discoverer of the mine, who has been forced to sell it to a crook, start operations on it. Fawcett, the crook, schemes to get the mine back, but is outwitted at every turn and loses his life in the dynamiting which he inspired.



</doc>
<doc id="43705931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43705931" title="Secret Service (1931 film)">
Secret Service (1931 film)

Secret Service is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by Bernard Schubert. The film based on a play by William Gillette, stars Richard Dix, Shirley Grey, and Nance O'Neil. The film was released on November 14, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Two Union officers, Captain Lewis Dumont and his younger brother, Lieutenant Henry Dumont, receive orders from General Ulysses S. Grant Grant to go behind enemy lines and become undercover agents to feed false information to the Confederate States Army. Lewis is tasked with becoming part of a Confederate telegraph office in Richmond, Virginia, under the guise of a deceased Confederate officer, Thorne. Meanwhile, Henry is ordered to allow himself to be captured by the enemy, during which he is supposed to pass incorrect information about Union positions.

Thorne comes upon the tail-end of a skirmish between Union and Confederate soldiers, during which he is wounded. After the battle, he carries one of the wounded southerners, Howard Varney, back to his family's plantation. This endears Thorne to the family of the wounded rebel, particularly Varney's father, who is a Confederate general. While recuperating from his own wounds, Thorne develops a romantic relationship with Howard's sister, Edith. However, this creates enmity with one of the locals who was interested in Edith prior to Thorne's arrival, Arlesford.

When Thorne enlists one of the Varney's slaves to take a message to his brother in the prisoner of war camp, Arlesford, already suspicious of Thorne, sets a trap. When the trap is sprung, the slave is executed by hanging. As the two Dumont brothers develop their plan for giving false information, and allowing Union troops to break through the Confederate lines, the younger brother is brought from the prison camp to the Varney plantation. Rather than allow their plan to be uncovered, Henry shoots himself.

The elder Dumont, torn between duty and his love for Edith, is eventually uncovered as a spy. However, it is also discovered that he never sent the false information. As he is led away to prison, Edith vows to wait for him.



</doc>
<doc id="43707084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43707084" title="Suicide Fleet">
Suicide Fleet

Suicide Fleet is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Albert S. Rogell, written by Lew Lipton and F. McGrew Willis, and starring William Boyd, Robert Armstrong, James Gleason, and Ginger Rogers. It was released on November 20, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Three friends who work on the Coney Island boardwalk, Skeets O'Reilly, Baltimore Clark, and Dutch Herman are all in love with the same woman, Sally. At the outbreak of World War I, the three men enlist in the US Navy. Before they leave for active duty, both Skeets and Baltimore meet with Sally, with the intention of letting her know how they feel about her. Baltimore can't bear the thought of Sally rejecting him, so he never discloses the depths of his feelings towards her. Skeets does propose to her, which she gently declines, being secretly in love with Baltimore.

The three are assigned to a US Naval destroyer, Dutch and Skeets subordinate to Baltimore, who is promoted to a chief petty officer, because he has served in the navy before. A German U-boat intercepts a sailing ship flying Norwegian colors, and when the German officer boards the ship, the Norwegian captain shares information with him regarding the movements of allied shipping, thus showing us that the Norwegian ship is an undercover "message ship" for the Germans. Shortly after this encounter, the destroyer carrying the three friends also intercepts the sailing ship. In an attempt to destroy incriminating evidence, the Norwegian captain sets the ship afire. The three sailors are part of the boarding party, and Baltimore manages to take possession of coded dispatches prior to the ship's sinking.

After the messages are decoded, it enables the US Navy to equip a fake "message ship", and O'Reilly, Clark and Herman are part of the crew assigned to man the vessel. The message ship cruises the Atlantic, hoping to be approached by a German submarine. Eventually they are, and during the encounter, they learn of the German plans to ambush and sink a fleet of American destroyers. As the Germans are about to leave, one of their officers becomes suspicious of the crew of the phony message ship. He exposes the American subterfuge, and the Germans return to their submarine and ready to sink the sailing ship. Before they can, Dutch manages to get a warning off to the American fleet. The US destroyers arrive, and the three German U-boats are sunk, two by American destroyers, and the third by the sailing ship. The three men return as heroes to the United States, and Baltimore marries Sally.


In early March 1931, RKO announced that Bill Boyd's first picture with the fledgling studio would be the submarine drama, "Suicide Fleet". The original title of the film was "Mystery Ship", referring to the clandestine nature of the ship communicating to the Germans. The following month, Lew Lipton was said to be working on the story, which was to be adapted to the screen by Marion Jackson, although Harold Shumate was also mentioned as the author of the story. By July both James Gleason and Robert Armstrong had been attached to the film, and it was published that Pierre Collings had been allocated to assist writing the screenplay. The film began production on July 27, 1931. The trade papers announced Sal Polito as the director of photography and Denzel A. Cutler as the sound editor. In August RKO announced the addition of Harry Bannister to the cast. Even though the film was already in production, the final pieces of the cast were announced in late August: Frank Reicher, Henry Victor, and Hans Joby.
Several thousand extras were employed by RKO for the filming. Ginger Rogers, who had appeared in several smaller roles for Paramount Pictures, with whom she was under contract, was given her first starring role in this film.

The film was partially shot at the San Pedro Naval Base, as well as on the studio's Culver City studio. In late August, the cast and crew spent several weeks at sea filming, 25–50 miles off the coast of San Diego, California, in cooperation with the United States Navy, before returning to the Culver City studio. During this time, an actual obsolete navy vessel was sunk during filming. During filming, Albert Rogell, through actual US Naval officers, had ten US Navy vessels under his command. Two sailing ships, the "USS Indiana" and the "USS Bohemia" were used extensively during the weeks the production was at sea, as were several tugs, submarines (including the "USS Argonaut" – at the time the largest submarine in the world), and destroyers, including the "USS Dent". Child actor, Ben Alexander, was announced as part of the cast of "Suicide Fleet". RKO was reporting the completion of production of the film by mid-October.

The film employed a new type of portable sound recording equipment, which employed the dual system of film and sound on separate recording reels. The unit was smaller, weighed less, and was more portable than other units of the era.

RKO announced in early November that the film was scheduled for release Thanksgiving weekend. Joe Kane began the final editing of the picture shortly after. On November 16, RKO announced that the film would be released on November 20. The film opened at the Mayfair Theater, whose front had been "converted" into a replica of US Navy battleship, on November 20, 1931. The film ended production $85,000 over budget.

"Film Daily" gave the film a positive review, calling it "... one of the best Navy spectacles ever made." "Film Daily" went on to say that the battle action film sequences "... carry a powerful kick as impressive as if a newsreel cameraman had caught actual engagements during a sea battle".


</doc>
<doc id="43708160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43708160" title="Regarding Susan Sontag">
Regarding Susan Sontag

Regarding Susan Sontag is an award-winning documentary film about the American intellectual Susan Sontag, directed by Nancy Kates. It premiered at Tribeca Film Festival in April 2014 and on HBO in December 2014. Interviewees include Nobel laureate Nadine Gordimer, writers Terry Castle, Wayne Koestenbaum and Stephen Koch, and Sontag’s sister Judith Sontag Cohen. Actress Patricia Clarkson voices Sontag’s journals and writings.

Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" called the film “compelling” and “perceptive.” Others described it as “fascinating” ("The Times", UK) “striking” and “nuanced” (documentary.org), “enthralling” (Yahoo!), and a “must-see” (Shutterstock.com).

“Serious-minded and aesthetically ambitious.” - "The Hollywood Reporter" 

“Kates’s documentary gives a vast look at the life of the cultural critic, from her personal love life to her bold, brilliant writings on art and politics.”—"Huffington Post"

CineVue's Patrick Gamble gave "Regarding Susan Sontag" a rating of three out of five stars.

The film was nominated for the award for Best Documentary Feature at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival. It lost to "Point and Shoot", however it received the Special Jury Mention for Best Documentary Feature.

The film was broadcast on HBO and HBOGO. The film is distributed by Women Make Movies. 



</doc>
<doc id="43709412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43709412" title="The Big Shot (1931 film)">
The Big Shot (1931 film)

The Big Shot is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Ralph Murphy and written by Earl Baldwin, Hal Conklin, George Dromgold, and Joseph Fields. The film stars Eddie Quillan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Mary Nolan, Roscoe Ates and Belle Bennett. The film was released on December 18, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

A rash go-getter is duped by would-be swindlers into buying swamp land which turns out to be worth a fortune.



</doc>
<doc id="43711968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43711968" title="Metal Down Under">
Metal Down Under

Metal Down Under is a 2014 documentary directed by Nick Calpakdjian. The film uses interviews, archival footage and animation to trace the history of heavy metal music in Australia. Calpakdjian partly funded the film through crowd-funding website Pozible. It was released in Australia on 22 August 2014 with distribution by MGM. On 1 September 2014 it debuted on the ARIA Top 40 Music DVDs chart at #4.

"Metal Down Under" traces the history of heavy metal music in Australia from the early influences of bands such as Buffalo, AC/DC, The Angels and Rose Tattoo to present day acts including Ne Obliviscaris, King Parrot, Karnivool and Psycroptic. The film is divided into three 55-minute episodes featuring interviews, archival footage and animation sequences with the first episode discussing the early development of metal from hard rock influences to the thrash scenes of late 1980s Melbourne and Sydney, in particular Hobbs' Angel of Death and Mortal Sin. There is also some examination of the niche record stores Metal For Melbourne and Utopia, "Hot Metal" magazine and the influence of public radio on the spread of the genre. Part two looks at the influence of Perth band Allegiance in the development of a national touring circuit, as well as the Metal for the Brain festival and the extreme metal bands Blood Duster, Alchemist and Sadistik Exekution. The third part looks primarily at several of the more prominent currently active bands with some discussion of the metalcore scene and the shape of the scene at the present time.

"Metal Down Under" was released on DVD in Australia through MGM Distribution. It was released in the UK and Europe through Plastichead Distribution on 10 November 2014. Its official release date on iTunes is 18 November 2014 worldwide (ex USA).

"Nick Calpakdjian has made a funny and engrossing film that finally sheds a light on a part of Australia's popular culture that has been left in the dark for its entire existence, a vital and important document that even people who couldn't care less about heavy metal should see. After spending two years of his life on this, he deserves nothing but respect." Reviewed by Brian Giffin.

"One might even go so far as to say that Metal Down Under is an important piece for the Metal community, as it may well be, itself, a stepping stone to another such feature in the future; and that will hold promise for another time. " Reviewed by Tristan Peterson, Metal Obsession.




</doc>
<doc id="43714782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43714782" title="Prestige (film)">
Prestige (film)

Prestige is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by Tay Garnett and written by Tay Garnett, Rollo Lloyd and Francis Edward Faragoh. The film stars Ann Harding, Adolphe Menjou, Melvyn Douglas and Guy Bates Post. The film was released on January 22, 1932, by RKO Pictures.

Synopses for Prestige are available on TCM.com and AFI Catalog. Both entries are identical. The film is rarely shown. 


Melvyn Douglas was called in to replace Adolphe Menjou. In later years, Douglas recalled that Ann Harding was so unhappy with the picture that she asked the studio to let her buy up every print.

"Prestige" became available on DVD in October, 2013, through a Spanish distributor.


</doc>
<doc id="43714965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43714965" title="Panama Flo">
Panama Flo

Panama Flo is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by Ralph Murphy and written by Garrett Fort. The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Robert Armstrong, Charles Bickford, Marjorie Peterson and Maude Eburne. The film was released on January 19, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43715639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43715639" title="Ladies of the Jury">
Ladies of the Jury

Ladies of the Jury is a 1932 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Lowell Sherman and written by Marion Dix, Edward Salisbury Field and Eddie Welch. The film stars Edna May Oliver, Jill Esmond, Ken Murray, Roscoe Ates and Kitty Kelly. The film was released on February 5, 1932, by RKO Pictures. It was based on the 1929 play "Ladies of the Jury", written by John Frederick Ballard.

Middle-aged Mrs. Livingston Baldwin Crane (Edna May Oliver) is selected to serve on a jury for the murder trial of French ex-showgirl Yvette Gordon (Jill Esmond), accused of killing her rich, much older husband. The prosecutor calls only two witnesses, a doctor and Mrs. Gordon's maid, Evelyn Snow. Snow testifies that after she found Mrs. Gordon kneeling beside the body of her husband holding the murder weapon, a gun, her employer offered to pay her to say that Mr. Gordon committed suicide. Mrs. Gordon, on the other hand, claims that Snow demanded money to tell the police that story. On the witness stand, Mrs. Gordon says she went away for a week to get away from Mr. Gordon for a while, then returned to an angry, suspicious husband who threatened her with a gun. She states they struggled, and the gun went off by accident. During the testimony, Mrs. Crane asks several questions of the witnesses, much to the annoyance of Judge Henry Fish. She discovers that Snow was recommended to Mrs. Gordon by Chauncey Gordon, Mr. Crane's nephew and sole relative (and heir if Mrs. Gordon is convicted).

When the jury retires to consider a verdict, Mrs. Crane casts the sole "not guilty" vote. When asked why, she replies, "Woman's intuition." After lots of convincing and several votes, the count is ten to two in favor of acquittal. During the deliberations, the wealthy Mrs. Crane manages to (illegally) pass a note to her maid Suzanne, instructing her to hire a detective agency to investigate further.

When Mrs. Crane overhears a couple of the jurors debating whether to switch their votes back to guilty, she recommends they reenact the death at the scene. In the Gordon mansion, Chauncey Gordon refuses to pay Snow any more money until after Mrs. Gordon is found guilty. When they see the jury drive up, Snow hides Chauncey in a secret compartment. However, the jurors find the secret compartment and him by accident. Furthermore, a telegram arrives, stating that the detective agency has found out that Chauncey paid Snow $10,000. As a result, the jury find Mrs. Gordon not guilty.


"The New York Times" review was favorable. The critic praised Edna May Oliver's "most amusing performance" and stated that "she is a clever enough player to deserve even a better story. But this film has a number of really funny lines and creditable portrayals are given by those in the supporting cast".

"TV Guide" called it an "innocuous courtroom drama" and noted that "Oliver is hilarious".

It was remade as "We're on the Jury" in 1937.




</doc>
<doc id="43716131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43716131" title="Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials">
Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials

Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials (stylized onscreen simply as The Scorch Trials) is a 2015 American dystopian science fiction film based on James Dashner's novel "The Scorch Trials", the second novel in "The Maze Runner" book series. The film is the sequel to the 2014 film "The Maze Runner" and the second installment in "The Maze Runner" film series. It was directed by Wes Ball, with a screenplay by T.S. Nowlin. Adding to the original film's cast of Dylan O'Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Dexter Darden, Alexander Flores, Ki Hong Lee, and Patricia Clarkson, the new supporting cast includes Nathalie Emmanuel, Giancarlo Esposito, Aidan Gillen, Jacob Lofland, Barry Pepper, Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor, and Alan Tudyk.

The plot of "The Scorch Trials" takes place immediately after the previous installment, with Thomas (O'Brien) and his fellow Gladers, who have just escaped from the facilities of the powerful World Catastrophe Killzone Department (WCKD), which had imprisoned them. On the run in the desert and in ruined cities, they must escape WCKD soldiers and face the perils of the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with dangerous obstacles. Filming began in Albuquerque, New Mexico on October 27, 2014, and officially concluded on January 27, 2015.

"Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" was released in select international territories starting September 9, 2015 in 2D, 3D, 4DX and Barco Escape, and was released on September 18, 2015, in the United States in 2D and premium large format theaters by 20th Century Fox. It was originally set to be released in IMAX, but this was cancelled, as "Everest" had all worldwide IMAX screens booked until the release of the film "The Walk". "The Scorch Trials" received mixed reviews: some commended its action sequences and performances; others criticized the film for its lack of plot and character advancement. Like its predecessor, the film was a commercial success grossing $30.3 million on its opening weekend, making it the ninth-highest grossing debut in September. The film went to the number one spot at the box office during its opening weekend, and grossed $312 million worldwide.

The concluding entry, titled "", was released on January 26, 2018.

A mother drops off her son, Thomas, with scientist Ava Paige and troops of an organization called WCKD. Thomas and other abandoned children are placed in a walled maze in a glade as part of its scientific testing.

Years later, shortly after being rescued from the Maze, Thomas and the remaining Gladers – Teresa, Newt, Minho, Frypan, and Winston – are taken to a facility run by Mr. Janson. He says the facility is a safe haven, protecting them from WCKD, the Flare virus and the "Cranks", and provides them supplies. Thomas becomes suspicious and investigates. With help from Aris, the first maze survivor to arrive in the facility, Thomas discovers that WCKD's leader, Ava, is still alive and that Mr. Janson is working for WCKD, when they discuss experiments on the Immunes and that Janson has yet to find the Right Arm, a resistance group located in the mountains. The group, including Aris, escapes the facility to the deserted outside world – the Scorch. Janson orders WCKD troops to track them down.

The group arrive at an abandoned shopping mall, where they encounter the Cranks, humans zombified by the Flare virus. Winston gets infected by one of them. When morning comes, they find the city in ruins and the WCKD still searching for them. Winston's infection becomes worse, forcing the others to leave him to die by suicide to prevent his transformation. While crossing the desert, Thomas wakes to discover a distant civilization. During a thunderstorm, Minho is struck by the lightning but survives. They take shelter in an abandoned facility, only to find out it is filled with chained Cranks. The group meets Brenda and Jorge, who leads a dangerous band of survivors and have used the Cranks as guard dogs. Brenda and Jorge agree to take them to the Right Arm, abandoning their group of survivors. Moments later, WCKD, led by Janson, storms the place, only for the facility to be destroyed by Jorge's explosives. Thomas and Brenda are left behind, as the rest escape with Jorge. As Thomas and Brenda escape the Cranks, Brenda is infected. Thomas experiences a flashback of when he and Teresa were formerly working for WCKD, in which Thomas tries to warn Teresa of WCKD's plans, only for the two to be separated by WCKD's troops. As Thomas and Brenda reunite with the rest of the group, Jorge interrogates Marcus, a survivor who secretly works for WCKD, into revealing the whereabouts of the Right Arm. 

The group eventually arrive at the Right Arm's outpost relief camps, where other immune survivors are present. Vince, who leads the Right Arm, greets them. As Brenda's infection gets worse, Vince threatens to shoot her, only to be stopped by Mary Cooper, a former WCKD scientist who reveals that Thomas was their informant, which also helped the Right Arm in taking down WCKD's illegal major operations ever since. As Mary halts Brenda's infection using an enzyme cure, Mary explains that the enzyme can only be harvested from an Immune's body, not manufactured, and that arguments over the methods of manufacturing the cure with Ava led to Mary's departure from WCKD. That evening, Teresa tells WCKD of her location, believing that WCKD's motivations are good, leading to an ambush by WCKD, where Ava and Janson arrive and confront the Right Arm. Janson shoots Mary dead, while WCKD troops capture survivors for experimentation, including Minho. After Thomas and the Right Arm fend the WCKD troops off, Ava, Janson and Teresa retreat with their captured survivors. With only a fraction of survivors left at the site, Thomas plans an infiltration into WCKD.

On October 13, 2013, almost a year before "The Maze Runner"'s release, it was reported that Fox had started work on "The Scorch Trials". It was revealed that T.S. Nowlin – who had recently worked on the "Fantastic Four" reboot – would adapt "Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials", taking over from Noah Oppenheim, with returning director Wes Ball supervising Nowlin's script.

The early development of "Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" suggested to many that Fox was confident in the potential success of "The Maze Runner". On November 19, 2014, John Paesano was confirmed to return to score the film. Creature designer Ken Barthelmey returned to design the "Cranks" for the film.

On September 26, 2014, Aidan Gillen was cast as Janson, also known as Rat-Man. On September 30, 2014, Rosa Salazar signed on to the cast as Brenda. Within the next few days, "Mud" star Jacob Lofland and Giancarlo Esposito joined the cast, playing Aris Jones and Jorge, respectively. Nathalie Emmanuel was cast as Harriet, co-leader of Group B, on October 22, 2014, and Katherine McNamara as the other co-leader on December 22. On November 3, 2014, there were two additions to the cast, with Lili Taylor as Mary Cooper, a "doctor who helps Thomas and the Gladers", and Barry Pepper as Vince, "a survivalist who is one of the last remaining soldiers of a legendary unit called the Right Arm".

On July 25, 2014, Ball announced at San Diego Comic-Con International that the studio wanted to start shooting in fall 2014, should its predecessor become a success when it hit theaters.

On August 31, 2014, Ball announced they were "about nine weeks out from shooting". He also revealed "we are in New Mexico right now. We've got a crew and stages. We are rapidly approaching our shoot time. The sets are being built. A lot of the same crew is coming back. Most of the cast is coming back, except for the ones who were killed [in the first film]. The script is really coming along". A week later, Ball told BuzzFeed that "we've got stages, we've got crews coming in, Dylan [O'Brien] will be back in a few weeks, we're building sets, and the script is being written. It's a bit of a race this time because we're cautiously optimistic, but we're feeling excited we're about to do something that's way more sophisticated, way more grown up, and really set up a saga here."

Principal photography commenced on October 27, 2014 in and around Albuquerque, New Mexico. Filming finished on January 27, 2015, lasting 94 days.

Composed by John Paesano, the soundtrack was released on September 11, 2015.

On August 31, 2014, Ball revealed he is hoping "the movie will be out in about a year". On September 21, 2014, it was announced the film would be released on September 18, 2015 in the United States. The film was released in Barco's multi-screen immersive movie format Barco Escape in across 25 countries with approximately 20 minutes of the film converted into the format. It was also released in the Dolby Vision format in Dolby Cinema in North America.

At San Diego Comic-Con International 2014, Ball released the first piece of concept art for the film. Six stills were released on March 11, 2015.

The first official trailer was released on April 23, 2015, at 20th Century Fox's CinemaCon. It was not released online at the same time, but the 1 minute and 44-second teaser trailer premiered before "Pitch Perfect 2" in May 2015. The trailer was released publicly on May 19, 2015. On July 10, 2015, a 30-minute sneak peek was screened at San Diego Comic Con International, with Ball, Dashner, and O'Brien also at the screening.

"The Scorch Trials" was released on Blu-Ray and DVD on December 15, 2015.

"Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" grossed $81.7million in North America and $230.6million in other territories for a worldwide total of $312.3million, against a budget of $61million.

In the United States and Canada, the film was released alongside "Black Mass" and "Captive", and was projected to gross $34–36 million in its opening weekend. It made $1.7 million from its late night screenings—55% ahead of the first film's $1.1 million—from 2,900 theaters and an estimated $11 million on its opening day, which is lower than its predecessor's opening day. It finished off the weekend with $30.3 million from 3,796 theaters, which is lower than its predecessor's $32.5 million (−7%) opening in 2014. Nevertheless, the film opened at No. 1 at the box office ahead of its competitor "Black Mass". Premium large formats comprised $2.75 million (9%) of the opening gross from 270 PLF screens, while Cinemark XD contributed $825,000 of that figure in 87 screens. The film relied on younger audiences, with 65 percent of the audience under the age of 25 and women making up 53 percent of ticket buyers. Also noteworthy was that Fox did not release the film in IMAX format as it had with the first installment, as all IMAX screens at the time were devoted to "Everest," which was receiving a week-long "sneak preview" release in IMAX and large-format screens. But Fox did release the film on 270 PLF screens, which made up 9% of its overall gross. "Deadline Hollywood" reported that Fox was nevertheless happy with the result. The franchise followed a similar box-office trajectory as "The Divergent Series," which dipped slightly from its first installment ($54.6 million) to ($52.2 million). Still, both the movies proved "the consistency of the young-adult audience," said Paul Dergarabedian, Rentrak's senior analyst. "They're not growing at a huge rate, but we're also not seeing a massive drop-off." In its second weekend, the film's box office revenues fell by 53% to $14 million, slipping to third place behind "Hotel Transylvania 2" ($47.5 million) and "The Intern" ($18.2 million). In comparison, "The Maze Runner" dropped 46% in its second weekend. "The Scorch Trials"s 10-day gross stood at $51.69 million in relation to its predecessor's $57.9 million 10-day gross.

Internationally, "The Scorch Trials" was released in a total of 76 countries. It was released overseas a week before it opened in the U.S., and earned $26.7 million in its opening weekend from 21 markets in 5,586 screens and in all markets, outperforming its predecessor. It debuted at second place at the international box office, behind "". In its second weekend, it expanded to 41 additional markets and earned a total of $43.2 million from 12,699 screens in 66 markets, opening at No. 1 in 34 of the 41 markets as well as topping the international box office charts. In South Korea, it had the biggest opening for Fox of 2015 with $7.2 million from 804 screens. That's 41% higher than its predecessor's opening. France posted the highest opening for the film with $8.5 million followed by South Korea ($7.2 million) Russia and the CIS ($5.2 million), the United Kingdom, Ireland and Malta ($4.9 million), and Mexico ($4.4 million). In terms of total earning, its largest market outside of the U.S. are France ($25 million), South Korea ($19 million) and the United Kingdom ($13.2 million). It opened in China—its last market—on November 4 and grossed an estimated $19.77 million on 4,945 screens in its five opening weekend ($14.6 million over three days) which is 60% above its predecessor's opening. It has grossed a total of $29.5 million in China making it the biggest market for the film, followed by France ($25.3 million) and South Korea ($19 million).

"Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" received mixed reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 46%, based on 145 reviews, with an average rating of 5.4/10. The website's critical consensus states, ""Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials" is an action-packed sequel at the cost of story, urgency, and mystery that the original offered." Metacritic gives the film a score of 43 out of 100, based on 29 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

The main criticisms of the film were its narrative, particularly its changes from the source material, and lack of character development. "Forbes" said the film suffered from "middle movie syndrome", claiming that it did not offer an introduction nor a finale. "The Wrap" stated that, "it doesn't offer much plot or character development". Stephen Kelly of "Total Film" said, ""Scorch Trials" ambitiously opens up its world with mixed results: gripping action, so-so script." Walter Addiego of the "San Francisco Chronicle" said, "there's lots of eye candy, and the pace is fast, but somehow the movie falls short."

Some critics considered it to be an improvement over its predecessor, highlighting its action sequences and performances. John Williams of "The New York Times" wrote, "the many chases and ludicrous narrow escapes offer respectable doses of adrenaline", and Brian Truitt of "USA Today" said, ""Maze Runner"s action, suspense and twists give movie fans of all ages a chance to embrace their inner on-the-run teenager." Rafer Guzman of "Newsday" said, "the teen dystopian franchise continues to play rough, and now even rougher, with satisfying results." Bilge Ebiri of "Vulture" said "essentially, "The Scorch Trials" makes up for the humdrum Apocalypse of its first half by going a little bonkers in its second."

In March 2015, it was confirmed that Nowlin, who co-wrote the first and wrote the second film, has been set to adapt the third book, "The Death Cure". Ball confirmed that, if he returns to direct, the film will not be split into two films. On July 9, 2015, it was revealed that filming is set to begin in February 2016. On September 16, 2015, it was confirmed that Ball would return to direct the third film.

Filming was scheduled to start in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada on March 14, 2016. Following lead Dylan O'Brien's severe accident on set, it was later rescheduled to film between March and June 2017 in South Africa for a January 26, 2018 release.



</doc>
<doc id="43717512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43717512" title="Assault on the Wayne">
Assault on the Wayne

Assault on the Wayne is a 1971 American Cold War-themed action thriller TV film starring Joseph Cotten, Lloyd Haynes, Dewey Martin, Leonard Nimoy and William Windom. It aired on January 12, 1971 in the "ABC Movie of the Week" space. The film was originally broadcast on the same night as "All in the Family" premiered.

A US Navy nuclear submarine is sabotaged to steal an anti-ballistic missile guidance system.



</doc>
<doc id="43717784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43717784" title="Carnival Boat">
Carnival Boat

Carnival Boat is a 1932 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Albert S. Rogell and written by James Seymour. The film stars William Boyd, Ginger Rogers, Fred Kohler, and Hobart Bosworth. The film was released on March 21, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43718681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43718681" title="War for the Planet of the Apes">
War for the Planet of the Apes

War for the Planet of the Apes is a 2017 American science fiction action film directed by Matt Reeves and written by Mark Bomback and Reeves. A sequel to "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" (2011) and "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014), it is the third installment in the "Planet of the Apes" reboot series. The film stars Andy Serkis, Woody Harrelson and Steve Zahn, and follows a confrontation between the apes, led by Caesar, and the humans for control of Earth. Like its predecessor, its premise shares several similarities to the fifth film in the original series, "Battle for the Planet of the Apes", but it is not a direct remake.

"War for the Planet of the Apes" premiered in New York City on July 10, 2017, and was theatrically released in the United States on July 14, 2017, by 20th Century Fox. The film was a commercial success having grossed over $490 million. It received critical praise, with many reviewers highlighting the performances (particularly Serkis's), visual effects, story, direction, cinematography, and musical score. The film received a nomination for Best Special Visual Effects at the 71st British Academy Film Awards, and was nominated for Best Visual Effects at the 90th Academy Awards. It was also nominated for four Saturn Awards, including Best Director for Reeves and Best Actor for Serkis.

Two years after the human-hating bonobo Koba attacked the human survivors in San Francisco (in "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes"), Caesar and his tribe of intelligent apes have been forced to fight against a rogue U.S. military faction known as the Alpha-Omega, led by a ruthless colonel. The Alpha-Omega employs apes previously loyal to Koba, derogatorily calling them "donkeys".

After a failed attack by an Alpha-Omega platoon on an ape outpost, four surviving soldiers, including one named Preacher and a "donkey" gorilla named Red, are captured. Caesar releases the humans, hoping to show the Colonel the apes are not savages; Red escapes by injuring the albino gorilla Winter.

Caesar's eldest son, Blue Eyes, and his lieutenant, Rocket, return from a long journey. Blue Eyes reports that they found a place across the desert that is ideal for the apes. Despite an uneasy Winter asserting that the apes should leave immediately, Caesar decides they need to prepare first. That night, the Colonel leads a team to infiltrate the apes' home, killing Blue Eyes and Caesar's wife Cornelia. The apes are unable to find Winter, who they believe betrayed them to the Colonel out of cowardice.

As the tribe gathers to journey to safety, Caesar leaves his younger son, Cornelius, in the care of Blue Eyes' wife Lake, and then departs to serve as a decoy for the others, while seeking vengeance against the Colonel for the death of his wife and son. Accompanied by Rocket, orangutan Maurice, and gorilla Luca, they enter a desolate village, where they find a soldier. After Caesar kills him in self-defense, they find a mute girl whom Maurice befriends, giving her a rag doll.

They find Winter, now a "donkey", at an Alpha-Omega camp. Winter says that the Colonel has left, then attempts to call out for help, but the other apes restrain Winter and accidentally suffocate him. Caesar begins to worry that he is becoming like Koba, killing other apes in his quest for revenge. While following the Alpha-Omega force, the apes discover soldiers that were shot and left for dead. Their examination of a dying soldier reveals that he is mute like the girl.

After losing track of the Alpha-Omega, Caesar's group chases a hooded figure who stole one of their horses and are surprised to discover he is another intelligent chimpanzee named Bad Ape. Bad Ape knows where the Alpha-Omega is stationed and leads them there. The location turns out to be a heavily fortified quarantine facility in the northern part of the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Attempting to get a closer look, Luca is killed by some Alpha-Omega spotters and Caesar, after deciding to proceed alone, is captured. Caesar discovers that the Alpha-Omega has captured his entire tribe and is forcing them to build a defensive wall. The Colonel forces him to work with the other apes, but Caesar inspires them to stop working temporarily before the Colonel threatens them into going back to work.

Caesar deduces that the Colonel is barricading the facility against the remaining U.S. Army, who are against him for going rogue and for killing his own men. The Colonel tells Caesar that the Simian Flu virus has mutated and the surviving human carriers subsequently become mute. He has Caesar tortured with hypothermia and starvation to force the other apes to work. The mute girl, named Nova by Maurice, sneaks into the facility to give Caesar food, water, and her rag doll. To divert attention from Nova, Rocket allows himself to be captured and beaten by Red. The next day, the Colonel discovers and confiscates the doll.

Caesar, Rocket, Maurice, and Bad Ape successfully free the apes in a tunnel leading out of the facility. Caesar remains behind to confront the Colonel, just as the facility is attacked by the Army. Finding the Colonel infected by the virus from contact with Nova's doll, Caesar decides to let him commit suicide rather than exact his revenge.

The escaping apes are caught in the crossfire between the Alpha-Omega and the Army. Caesar attempts to blow up a large fuel tank to take out the Alpha-Omega forces from behind, but he is shot by Preacher. Red, having a change of heart, intervenes, killing Preacher, and is immediately executed by another soldier. Caesar blows up the tank, which inadvertently triggers an avalanche that completely wipes out both the Alpha-Omega and the Army. The apes survive by climbing nearby trees.

The apes journey across the desert and reach the oasis. While the apes and Nova celebrate, Maurice discovers Caesar is mortally wounded. He promises to tell Cornelius who his father was and what he did for the apes. Caesar then dies peacefully as the other apes look on.



After seeing his cut of "Dawn", 20th Century Fox and Chernin Entertainment signed Matt Reeves to return as director for a third installment of the reboot series. In January 2014, the studio announced the third film, with Reeves returning to direct and co-write along with Bomback, and Peter Chernin, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver serving as producers. During an interview in mid-November 2014 with MTV, Andy Serkis said they did not know the next film's setting. "...It could be five years after the event. It could be the night after the events of where we left "Dawn"." In May 2015, the title was first given as "War of the Planet of the Apes". By October 2015, it had been retitled as "War for the Planet of the Apes".

When director Reeves and screenwriter Bomback came on board to helm "Dawn", the film already had a release date, which led to an accelerated production schedule. However, with the third installment, Fox wanted to give the duo plenty of time to write and make the film. Taking advantage of this, the two bonded with each other more than before.

In interviews for "Dawn", Reeves talked about the inevitable war Caesar would have with the humans: "As this story continues, we know that war is not avoided by the end of "Dawn". That is going to take us into the world of what he is grappling with. Where he is going to be thrust into circumstances that he never, ever wanted to deal with, and was hoping he could avoid. And now he is right in the middle of it. The things that happen in that story test him in huge ways, in the ways in which his relationship with Koba haunts him deeply. It's going to be an epic story. I think you've probably read that I sort of described it where in the first film was very much about his rise from humble beginnings to being a revolutionary. The second movie was about having to rise to the challenge of being a great leader in the most difficult of times. This is going to be the story that is going to cement his status as a seminal figure in ape history, and sort of leads to an almost biblical status. He is going to become like a mythic ape figure, like Moses."

Toby Kebbell, who portrayed Koba in "Dawn", had expressed interest in reprising his role or performing as other characters. Plans to include Koba in a larger role in the film were abandoned early, with Bomback saying, "If you stayed until the very end of "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes", you hear Koba's breathing. We did that to give us a tiny crack of a possibility that we could revive Koba if we wanted to. Very early on in spitballing, we realized there was nothing more to do with Koba—certainly nothing that would exceed what he had done in the last story. But we knew we wanted to keep him alive as an idea. In playing out the reality of what happened at the end of the last film, Caesar would be traumatized by having to kill his brother. That would have resonance, and we wanted to make sure that did not get lost. So the answer was that we could go inside Caesar's mind at this point and revisit Koba that way."

In August 2015, "Deadline" reported that Gabriel Chavarria had been cast as one of the humans in the film. In September 2015, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Woody Harrelson had been cast as the film's antagonist, and that Chavarria's role was supporting. In October 2015, TheWrap reported that Steve Zahn was cast as a new ape in the film. It was also announced that actress Amiah Miller was cast as one of the film's humans, with Judy Greer and Karin Konoval reprising their roles as Cornelia and Maurice, while Aleks Paunovic and Sara Canning were cast as new apes.

Principal photography on the film began on October 14, 2015 in the Lower Mainland in Vancouver, under the working title "Hidden Fortress". Filming was expected to take place there until early March 2016. Parts of the film were expected to shoot for up to five days in the Kananaskis in late January and early February. In March, Serkis confirmed that he had finished shooting his portions.

As with "Rise" and "Dawn", the visual effects for "War" were created by Weta Digital; the apes were created with a mixture of motion-capture and CGI key-frame animation, as they were performed in motion-capture technology and animated in CGI.

At New York Comic-Con 2016, Reeves explained that he and Bomback were influenced by many films before writing. He said, "One of the first things that Mark and I did because we had just finished "Dawn" was that we decided to watch a million movies. We decided to do what people fantasize what Hollywood screenwriters get to do but no one actually does. We got Fox to give us a theater and we watched movie after movie. We watched every "Planet of the Apes" movie, war movies, westerns, "Empire Strikes Back"... We just thought, 'We have to pretend we have all the time in the world,' even though we had limited time. We got really inspired." According to Reeves, the treacherous apes being nicknamed "donkeys" is both a reference to the video game character Donkey Kong and the fact that they are used as "pack mules".

Additionally, during production, Reeves and Bomback sought broader inspirations from films like "The Bridge on the River Kwai" and "The Great Escape". Feeling that there was a need to imbue Biblical themes and elements, they also watched Biblical epics like "Ben-Hur" and "The Ten Commandments". The influences and inspirations were made evident in the relationship between Caesar and Woody Harrelson's Colonel, a military leader with pretensions toward godhood. Reeves has compared their relationship to the dynamic between Alec Guinness's British Commander and Sessue Hayakawa's prison camp Colonel in "Bridge on the River Kwai". Another comparison is in Caesar's journey to find the Colonel, flanked by a posse of close friends—a situation Reeves explicitly tied to Clint Eastwood's war-weary soldier in "The Outlaw Josey Wales". Influences from the film "Apocalypse Now", notably Harrelson's character and his Alpha-Omega faction being similar to Colonel Kurtz's renegade army, were also noted by several journalists. Harrelson has also acknowledged the similarities and inspiration.

On October 17, 2015, it was confirmed that Michael Giacchino, the composer and writer of the soundtrack for "Dawn", would return to compose "War"s score. The soundtrack was digitally released to iTunes and Amazon on July 7, 2017, and in its physical form by Sony Masterworks on July 21, 2017.

The film was initially set for a July 29, 2016, release. However, in January 2015, Fox postponed the film's release date to about a year later on July 14, 2017.

Special behind-the-scenes footage for the film was aired on TV on November 22, 2015, as part of a contest announcement presented by director Matt Reeves and Andy Serkis. The footage aired during "The Walking Dead" on AMC. The announcement allowed winners to wear a performance-capture suit and appear in a scene as an ape. The announcement was released on 20th Century Fox's official YouTube page later the same day.

At a New York Comic Con special event on October 6, Reeves, Serkis and producer Dylan Clark debuted an exclusive look at the film.

Serkis has also mentioned that the film would be accompanied by a video game, for which he performed motion capture. Titled "", the game was released for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC in fall 2017.

"War for the Planet of the Apes" grossed $146.9 million in the United States and Canada and $343.8 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $490.7 million, against a production budget of $150 million.

In North America, the film was projected to gross $50–60 million in its opening weekend; however, given its acclaimed status and strong word-of-mouth, rival studios believed the film had the potential to debut as high as $70–80 million. "War" was closely monitored by analysts while the summer was witnessing a decline in ticket sales, a situation that they blamed on franchise fatigue for an overabundance of sequels and reboots (such as "", "" and "The Mummy"). However, box office analysts noted that well-reviewed films have tended to perform in-line with estimates ("Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2", "Wonder Woman" and ""). The film grossed $5 million from Thursday night previews at 3,021 theaters, up 22% from the $4.1 million earned by its predecessor, and $22.1 million on its first day. It went on to debut to $56.3 million, topping the box office, albeit with a 22% drop from "Dawn"s $72.6 million debut. In its second weekend, the film grossed $20.9 million (a drop of 62.9%, more than the 50.4% fall "Dawn" saw), finishing 4th at the box office. In its third weekend, the film made $10.5 million (dropping another 49.9%), finishing 6th at the box office. It was lower than the third weeks of both "Rise" ($16.1 million) and "Dawn" ($16.8 million).

Outside North America, "War for the Planet of the Apes" received a scattered release in a span of three months (July–September). The film began its release in about a third of the marketplace on July 14, albeit only in two major markets, and was projected to have an opening of $50–60 million, with the potential to go higher if smaller Asian markets over-perform, as they have for recent tent poles. The film ended up having an international debut of $44.2 million, including $9.27 million in the United Kingdom.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 94% approval rating based on 343 reviews, with an average rating of 8.18/10. The website's critics consensus reads, ""War for the Planet" of the Apes combines breathtaking special effects and a powerful, poignant narrative to conclude this rebooted trilogy on a powerful—and truly blockbuster—note." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 82 out of 100 based on 50 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale.

"War for the Planet of the Apes" received praise for the cast's performances (particularly Serkis'), Reeves' direction, visual effects, musical score, cinematography and its morally complex storyline. Scott Collura of IGN awarded the film a score of 9.5 out of 10, saying: ""War for the Planet of the Apes" is an excellent closing act to this rebooted trilogy, but also one that does enough world-building that the series can potentially continue from here—and it's a rare case where, after three movies, we're left wanting more." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" said of the film, ""War for the Planet of the Apes," directed by Matt Reeves, is the grimmest episode so far, and also the strongest, a superb example—rare in this era of sloppily constructed, commercially hedged cinematic universes—of clear thinking wedded to inventive technique in popular filmmaking," and lauded Andy Serkis's performance in the film, stating that "Andy Serkis's performance as Caesar is one of the marvels of modern screen acting."

Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, and said that Serkis performed "with a resonant power and depth of feeling that's nearly Shakespearean. Oscar, get busy: Serkis deserves the gold," and went on to say that ""War for the Planet of the Apes"—No. 9 in the simian cinema canon—is the best of the Apes films since the 1968 original." Eric Kohn of IndieWire gave the film a B+ rating, and praised Matt Reeves's directing, saying "It's a given that an expensive 21st-century sci-fi movie with talking animals, exploding tanks, and jarring machine guns would look and sound great, but Reeves applies these effects with such a measured strategy that they're always working in service of a greater narrative agenda." Kohn went on to applaud the visuals and musical score, stating that "The breathlessly paced montage of flying bullets and angry monkeys raining down on terrified men, aided by Michael Giacchino's vibrant score, is a strong indicator of the next-level craftsmanship that distinguishes these movies from so many cacophonous Hollywood spectacles; not only is the action easy to follow, but you care for the motion-captured characters at the center of it, while the humans cower in fear."

"War for the Planet of the Apes" was released on Digital HD on October 10, 2017, and on Blu-ray and DVD on October 24, 2017 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment.

During an interview of Andy Serkis with MTV in mid-November 2014, Serkis talked about possible sequels: "It might be three films, It could be four. It could be five. Who knows? The journey will continue." By October 2016, it was reported that a fourth "Planet of the Apes" film was being discussed. Shortly before the release of "War" in July 2017, Reeves said that he expressed interest in making more "Apes" films and that Steve Zahn, who played Bad Ape in the film, had set up a story for further sequels. Writer Mark Bomback hinted that more films would be possible, saying, "Truthfully, we haven't had those kinds of conversations. I've been working on these films for about seven years now. I'm ready to take a breather and let things rest a bit." In April 2019, following the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney, Disney announced that future "Planet of the Apes" films are in development. It was also confirmed in August 2019 that any future installments would take place in the same universe first established in "Rise." On December 3, 2019, it was reported that Wes Ball is currently set to write and direct an untitled "Planet of the Apes" film. On February 17, 2020, it was reported that the film will be produced by Joe Hartwick Jr. and David Starke. Later that same day, Ball confirmed that he would be directing the film, and that it would be set after the events of "War for the Planet of the Apes", following "Caesar's legacy".



</doc>
<doc id="43719294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43719294" title="Unconvention: A Mix-Tape from St. Paul, RNC '08">
Unconvention: A Mix-Tape from St. Paul, RNC '08

Unconvention: A Mix-Tape from St. Paul, RNC '08 is a documentary directed by Minneapolis artist Chris Strouth about the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul, Minnesota. The film edits together a wide variety of film and video shot by dozens of independent journalists and citizen videographers with divergent political viewpoints, compiling a mosaic of perspectives on the four days of the convention. It was produced by Alternavision Films, a California production company specializing in political documentaries. "Unconvention" was one of eight full-length features chosen to debut as part of the "Minnesota Made" series at the 2009 Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Film Festival.

While the film was not widely distributed, it received accolades from several critics. The "Minnesota Daily"'s Tony Libera called it "an engaging, at times terrifying, record" of the events surrounding the RNC. Peter S. Scholtes of "City Pages" said, "Whenever it opens, you must see "Unconvention"," adding that "the movie feels raw, unprocessed, and complex—with an eye toward every possible irony."



</doc>
<doc id="43719778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43719778" title="Magic Mike XXL">
Magic Mike XXL

Magic Mike XXL is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed by Gregory Jacobs, written by Reid Carolin and starring Channing Tatum, Matt Bomer, Kevin Nash and Joe Manganiello. A sequel to 2012's "Magic Mike", the film premiered in Hollywood on June 26, 2015 with subsequent European premiere in London on June 30, 2015. The film was released on July 1, 2015, received generally positive reviews from critics and grossed $122 million.

Three years after abandoning his life as a stripper, Mike is running his own furniture business. He receives a call from Tarzan who informs Mike that Dallas is "gone". Believing that his former boss has died, Mike drives to a hotel only to find that his friends, the remaining Kings of Tampa, are enjoying themselves at a pool party. After revealing that Dallas has bailed on them to start a new show in Macau and only took "The Kid" (referencing Adam from "Magic Mike") with him, the Kings let Mike in on their plan: to end their careers on a high note by traveling to Myrtle Beach for a stripping convention. Later, while trying to work, Mike overhears a song he used to strip to and dances. Reinvigorated, Mike decides to join them on their trip.

Driving in a fro-yo van owned by Tito and Tobias, they decide to make their first stop at Mad Mary's. To prove to Richie that he's willing to commit to the trip, Mike participates in an amateur drag queen contest. The others join him soon after. They then head down to a beach where Mike attempts to resolve his issues with Ken through violence. The two later reconcile. Mike also meets a photographer named Zoe who tells him that she's headed for New York. They flirt but mutually agree that they should not have sex.

Back on the road, Mike suggests that they change their routine after the group (excepting Tarzan) take MDMA. They stop at a gas station where he coerces Richie into trying to make the cashier smile with an improvised striptease which he successfully does. This inspires the others to abandon their old routines. Soon afterward, Tobias, under the influence of MDMA, passes out while driving and crashes the van. Everyone is left unscathed aside from Tobias who gets a concussion. In the hospital, the group begins to lose morale, and contemplate packing up and heading home. Mike then reveals that his furniture business isn't going that well and that he's no longer dating Brooke after she rejected his marriage proposal. The group decides to continue on.

In search of a new emcee, Mike brings the group to a Savannah strip club owned by Rome, a woman that Mike has a history with. Despite proving to her that his skills haven't deteriorated, he's unsuccessful in getting her to help them. However, she does give them a ride to their next stop by having Andre, a rapper/singer who works at the club, drive them there.

The group arrives at a mansion. Tito tells them that he knows the girl who lives there and that she's expecting them. They walk in through the door but are greeted by the girl's mother, Nancy, along with Nancy's friends who are all middle-aged women. Nancy's teasing of the group initially makes them feel awkward but as the night goes on, the mood lightens. During this time, Mike meets Zoe again. Zoe confesses that she was hired by another photographer as his assistant solely so he could try to start an affair with her, despite being married. Mike urges her to come to the convention to regain her smile.

After sleeping with Richie, Nancy allows the group to drive her ex-husband's car to Myrtle Beach. When they arrive, they are surprised to see Rome. Rome, after having a change of heart, agrees to be their emcee. She also brings along Andre and Malik to help. With their preparations complete, they head to the convention where they manage to squeeze in a spot thanks to Rome and her seemingly romantic history with the organizer of the event, Paris. The group's performance is a success. During Mike and Malik's performance, Mike brings Zoe on stage. The film ends in celebration, Tobias returning with the fro-yo van and everyone watching the 4th of July fireworks.

In a Twitter Q&A in July 2012, Tatum confirmed work on a sequel. The actor responded: "Yes, yes and yes! We're working on the concept now. We want to flip the script and make it bigger." By March 2014, "Magic Mike" first assistant director Gregory Jacobs had been chosen to direct the sequel, titled "Magic Mike XXL" and scheduled to begin shooting by the end of 2014. Steven Soderbergh, the original film's director, acted as editor and cinematographer. The film was released on schedule on July 1, 2015.

On September 17, 2014, it was officially announced by director Jacobs during an interview with Indiewire that Matthew McConaughey would not be returning for the film. Alex Pettyfer and Cody Horn were also confirmed as not returning. On September 18, 2014, Jada Pinkett Smith was in talks to join the cast. On September 22, 2014, Smith was confirmed to play a role originally written for a male actor. On September 29, 2014, as production began in Savannah, Greg Silverman announced the official cast and plot of the film, returning cast includes Tatum, Bomer, Manganiello, Nash, Adam Rodríguez and Gabriel Iglesias, while new cast members include Elizabeth Banks, Donald Glover, Amber Heard, Andie MacDowell, Smith and Michael Strahan. On October 8, 2014, Stephen "tWitch" Boss announced his involvement in the film. Boss said that he was asked by Tatum to join the cast.

On August 31, 2014, filming took place in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, including 2nd Avenue Pier, Pier 14, Plyler Park, Myrtle Beach SkyWheel and Myrtle Beach Aviation located in the former Myrtle Beach Air Force Base. On September 29, filming began on location in Savannah, Georgia, where the shoot took place at the "Savannah Gentleman's Club", some photos from the set were also shared by actors. On September 30, the shooting took place on Tybee Island. Filming took place October 23–25 in Savannah, GA, where more than 900 women extras were used, 300–900 each day for Convention scenes. Filming officially wrapped on November 5, 2014 with a final sequence filmed on the boardwalk in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.

The soundtrack of the film consists of R&B and hip hop songs that the men dance to, including "Pony" by Ginuwine, which was also included in the first film. The album was released on June 30, 2015 in the United States by WaterTower Music. Included in the film and on the album are Matt Bomer's covers of "Untitled (How Does It Feel)" by D'Angelo and "Heaven" by Bryan Adams. As well as acting in the film, Donald Glover also features on the soundtrack where he covers "Marry You" originally by Bruno Mars. The album also contains "I Want It That Way" by the Backstreet Boys (which serves as the music for an impromptu public routine by Manganiello).

"Magic Mike XXL" grossed $66 million in North America and $56.5 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $122.5 million, against a budget of $14.8 million.

The film was released alongside "Terminator Genisys", and along with holdovers "Jurassic World" and "Inside Out", each was projected to earn $27–30 million over the three-day weekend and $45–55 million during the five-day Independence Day stretch. It made $2.4 million from Tuesday night showings (higher than the $2.1 million earned by its predecessor's preview screenings) and $9.3 million on its opening day (Wednesday) – including Tuesday showings. In its opening weekend, the film grossed $12.8 million ($27.9 million for the five-day total), coming in below expectations and finishing 4th at the box office behind "Inside Out" ($29.7 million), "Jurassic World" ($29.2 million) and "Terminator Genisys" ($27 million).

"Magic Mike XXL" received mixed to positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a rating of 66%, based on 232 reviews, with an average rating of 5.93/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Magic Mike XXL" has enough narrative thrust and beefy charm to deliver another helping of well-oiled entertainment, even if this sequel isn't quite as pleasurable as its predecessor." On Metacritic the film has a score of 60 out of 100, based on 41 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". In CinemaScore polls, cinema audiences gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.



</doc>
<doc id="43721582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43721582" title="Black Box (2013 film)">
Black Box (2013 film)

Black Box is a 2013 drama film written and directed by Stephen Cone and starring Josephine Decker and Austin Pendleton.

Holly Pollard is in an undergrad student in a directing program at her college. She forsakes her advisor's direction to do a standard play for her first production opting instead to adapt an 1980s young adult novel called "The Children's Reaper" for the stage. The book is about a group of children terrified and abused by their seemingly overly-religious foster parents. Holly has had the book since she was a teenager and has written her name and the year 1993 when a young girl inside the front cover to signify the book belongs to her. Through rehearsals, we watch her young cast struggle with the material as they hone their performances. They have myriad reactions to the way the material and the rehearsals affect their real lives including their sexuality and personal interactions.

Holly is also sleeping with Jarrett, who appears to be a Junior Advisor at school. Eddie is married with a pregnant wife. Adam is struggling with coming out. Brandon is openly and almost fiercely bisexual. Madeline admits that a kiss during a rehearsal was actually her very first kiss. Madeline also struggles with doing a nude scene. Eventually, During a drunken post-rehearsal party, Madeline asks Terra to make out with her while, elsewhere in the building, Adam and Brandon hook up and, within the next few days, seem to begin a relationship.

William Peters (Austin Pendleton) the author of the book comes to rehearsals. While walking together with Adam their discussion leads Adam to wonder if the older man is also gay. When one of the actors is sick, he helps with a scene but he seems overwhelmed and has to stop. He continues to stay in town and come to rehearsals often nitpicking at Holly's way of presenting the adaptation. Eventually it is obvious that the source material is autobiographical and seeing it performed is causing Peters great mental anguish.

On opening night a girl brings Brandon flowers backstage although he insists it is not what is seems. Holly hears Madeline's family discussing how they should look away during a part of the performance. Peters leaves on a plan without seeing the performance. Overall, the performance goes well.

Seemingly a few days later, at home, Holly opens her worn copy of the novel we have seen her carry throughout the production. Under where she has written her name and 1993, the author has written his name, William Peters, and the current year, 2013.


"Black Box" was filmed on location in Illinois, with exteriors shot around Illinois State University in Normal and interiors shot in black box theater space at the Viaduct theater. Cone has stated that elements of the plot were inspired by the 1987 film adaptation of V. C. Andrews's "Flowers in the Attic".

"Black Box" first premiered at the 15th Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama on August 25, 2013. The film had a limited film festival run, playing at the Cucalorus Film Festival, the Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival, and the LGBT Reeling Film Festival, where "Black Box" made its Chicago premiere in November, 2013.

Though a critics' poll by "Indiewire" named it the seventh best film of 2013 to remain undistributed, "Black Box" was eventually picked up by Devolver Digital Films for a cable/VOD release in late 2014.

Despite a limited release, "Black Box" received a very positive response from critics. "Newcity"'s Ray Pride called the film "ambitious" and praised Pendleton's performances as "ever-fascinating." Paul Bower of the online magazine "Tiny Mix Tapes" further lauded the film, saying "Preparing a play, rehearsing and fleshing out the writing, forces its participants to get super vulnerable (if it’s done right, anyway) and face things about themselves in front of a group of other people that can cause all sorts of embarrassment if done in a hostile environment. The great thing about Stephen Cone’s "Black Box" is that it understands this terrifying thing about doing theater to such a devastating extent that the film can, rightly, become hard to watch at times." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film 3½ out of 4 stars, calling it "a worthy follow-up to Cone's previous film" and adding, "I hope Cone keeps writing and making movies because he has what a lot of other writer-directors do not: an interest in character; a facility for drawing fine, subdued on-camera work from stage performers; and a knack for pulling together a variety of sympathetic characters at a crucial point in their collective lives."



</doc>
<doc id="43722428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43722428" title="Young Bride">
Young Bride

Young Bride is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Garrett Fort, Ralph Murphy and Jane Murfin. The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Eric Linden, Arline Judge, Roscoe Ates and Polly Walters. The film was released on April 8, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43722845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43722845" title="Air: The Musical">
Air: The Musical

Air: The Musical is an independent feature film directed by Jeremy Osbern and starring Ian Stark, Megan Carter, Granvile O'Neal, Brenda Harvey, Dylan Paul Hilpmann, and Jennifer Coville. The film received screenings in 2007 and 2008, and was officially released to DVD on 6 April 2010. "AIR: The Musical" was filmed and produced in Lawrence, Kansas between the years of 2004 and 2008.

The film follows six individuals, all of whom are struggling to find their place in the world.


"The Newton Kansan" wrote a favorable review for "Air: The Musical", stating "Every Kansan needs to see this movie — if only to reinforce the idea there are talented people right here where we live."
The film was featured as the cover story of issue #58 of Indie Slate Magazine.



</doc>
<doc id="43723151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43723151" title="Girl on the Run (1953 film)">
Girl on the Run (1953 film)

Girl On The Run is a 1953 ultra-low budget independent production drops a standard crime melodrama into the noirish, tawdry world of a carnival burlesque show.

The most notable cast member of "Girl On The Run" has one of the smallest roles: Steve McQueen, seen in the background of two scenes during his first known film role. It also inspired the hit Indian Hindi film Caravan starring Asha Parekh.

Newspaper reporter Bill Martin is assigned to investigate a crime ring working out of a carnival. Martin's boss is killed and he is framed for the murder, while the victim's girlfriend Janet goes undercover as a burlesque dancer for Lil's carny revue while running from the gangster behind the scheme.




</doc>
<doc id="43723895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43723895" title="The Roadhouse Murder">
The Roadhouse Murder

The Roadhouse Murder is a 1932 American pre-Code thriller film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by J. Walter Ruben and Gene Fowler. The film stars Dorothy Jordan, Eric Linden, Purnell Pratt, Roscoe Ates and David Landau. The film was released on April 28, 1932, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43724411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43724411" title="Is My Face Red?">
Is My Face Red?

Is My Face Red? is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Ben Markson and Casey Robinson. The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Ricardo Cortez, Jill Esmond, Robert Armstrong and Arline Judge. The film was released on June 17, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43726868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43726868" title="Beyond the Rockies">
Beyond the Rockies

Beyond the Rockies is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Fred Allen and written by Oliver Drake. The film stars Tom Keene, Rochelle Hudson, Marie Wells, Julian Rivero and Ernie Adams. The film was released on July 8, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43727354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43727354" title="Fiend (film)">
Fiend (film)

Fiend is a 1980 American B movie science fiction horror film directed and written by low-budget filmmaker Don Dohler, shot in Perry Hall, Maryland and starring Don Leifert, Elaine White, Richard Nelson, and George Stover. The film had U.S. theatrical release in September 1980.

An evil spirit enters a graveyard and reanimates the corpse of music teacher Eric Longfellow (Don Leifert). However, in order to stay alive, he has to wrap his hands around his victims' throats to absorb their life essences. When he moves to the suburbs of Baltimore, Maryland, his neighbor Gary Kender (Richard Nelson) begins to suspect something just is not right with Mr. Longfellow.

The film had U.S. theatrical release in September 1980. Later release included on U.S. VHS as "Deadly Neighbor" and in West Germany as "Angst der Verlorenen".

Having years previously read an article in "Amazing Cinema" about the making of "Fiend", author Scott Phillips had wanted to see the film but had not been able to locate a copy. When later as a staff writer at "Monsters at Play", he found a copy and wrote "So was it worth the 20+ -year wait? Two words: Holy Freakin' Hell, Yes. Any movie that delivers this kind of cheese-slathered drive-in goodness is gonna get the big thumbs-up from this li'l reviewer, you can count on that - and "Fiend" serves it up big", and went on to praise, plot, effects, lighting, and acting. He noted the film benefited from writer/director Don Dohler avoiding gore in favor of atmosphere, doing "a great job of delivering some creepy moments, one of which - involving a little girl behind Longfellow's house - will have you squirming in your seat. It gets goofy in places, but that's part of what makes it so enjoyable." The film is recommended for anyone loving old-school, late-nite horror films. The DVD transfer of the original 16mm film was good considering the age of the original film stock, and includes a blooper reel, a still gallery, and the "gratuitous George Stover gallery" (there's also a great photo of the lovely "Miss Kim" (Fred Olen Ray's wife) on the Retromedia website link)."

Contrarily, when re-released and co-featured with "The Alien Factor" on DVD in 2005, DVD Talk compared the two films, and in finding "T.A.F." almost likable, felt that "Fiend" was "an almost complete failure, primarily because it is much more dependent on Dohler's storytelling and direction, and his skills aren't up to the task in either department," concluding it was "little more than a backyard movie not worth anyone's time."



</doc>
<doc id="43728083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43728083" title="Frozen Fever">
Frozen Fever

Frozen Fever is a 2015 American computer-animated musical fantasy short film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is based on the 2013 feature film "Frozen", and tells the story of Anna's birthday party given by Elsa with the help of Kristoff, Sven, and Olaf. Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee again served as the directors with Kristen Bell, Idina Menzel, Jonathan Groff, and Josh Gad reprising their roles from the first film.

Production on "Frozen Fever" began in June 2014 and took six months to complete. The film debuted in theaters alongside Walt Disney Pictures' "Cinderella" on March 13, 2015. It received positive reviews from critics, along with praise for its new song "Making Today a Perfect Day" by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez.

Elsa plans to give Anna a surprise birthday party with the help of Kristoff, Sven, and Olaf; but while Anna is led on a party treasure hunt by a string that winds through the kingdom, Elsa has caught a cold, and unknowingly produces a group of "Snowgies" with each sneeze, who begin to dismantle the birthday party's decorations while Kristoff tries to stop them. While Elsa takes Anna on the hunt, Kristoff, Sven, and Olaf try to control the snowmen and fix the decorations in time for Anna and Elsa's return. Meanwhile, Elsa's condition rapidly worsens and she becomes delirious with fever. After Elsa nearly falls off a clock tower, Anna convinces her to rest. They walk back to the castle where Elsa apologizes to Anna for "ruining" another birthday, but Anna reassures her that she didn't ruin anything. As Anna goes to lead Elsa to bed, the doors to the castle open to reveal Kristoff, Olaf, Sven, and a mountain of tiny snowmen, who surprise Anna. Elsa sneezes again and finally sees more tiny snowmen that she produced. Despite Anna's protests, Elsa concludes the party by blowing into an alphorn. However, she sneezes into the horn, forming a giant snowball that inadvertently hits Hans overseas (and into a cart of manure, as he was cleaning out the stables as punishment for his attempt on Elsa's life). Elsa rests in bed under Anna's care while she points out that taking care of her beloved big sister is the best birthday present ever.
Olaf, Kristoff, and Sven escort the small snowmen to Elsa's ice palace, where they stay with her snow-giant doorkeeper Marshmallow.


On September 2, 2014, during the ABC airing of "", Walt Disney Animation Studios' chief creative officer John Lasseter announced that a "Frozen" short film with a new song would be released in the future. On the same day, "Variety" announced that the short would be released in early 2015 under the title "Frozen Fever", with Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee returning as co-directors, Peter Del Vecho returning as producer and a new song by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez. Olaf the snowman would also make an appearance in the short. On December 3, 2014, it was announced that Aimee Scribner would be a co-producer and that "Frozen Fever" would debut in theaters alongside Walt Disney Pictures' "Cinderella" on March 13, 2015. In late December, the co-directors told the Associated Press "There is something magic about these characters and this cast and this music. Hopefully, the audiences will enjoy the short we're doing, but we felt it again. It was really fun." Around the same time, Dave Metzger, who worked on the orchestration for "Frozen", disclosed he was already at work on "Frozen Fever".

The short features the song "Making Today a Perfect Day", by Anderson-Lopez and Lopez. At the premiere of "Cinderella" and "Frozen Fever" at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood, California, on March 1, 2015, Josh Gad told "USA Today", "I want to apologize to parents everywhere for the fact that children are going to be singing a whole new "Frozen" song[.]"

The creators started brainstorming possibilities for the short film in June 2014. After early discussions about Olaf, head story artist Marc Smith pitched the idea of what might happen if Elsa had a cold, which became the basis for the short's plot. The directors began working on the short in June and by August were back in the recording studio with the cast to lay down vocal tracks. The production of "Frozen Fever" took six months. All of the animators from "Frozen" wanted to come back to animate at least one shot on "Frozen Fever", resulting in a large number of animator credits for a short film. They struggled to squeeze the animation phase of the short's production into a tight time slot in fall 2014 after animation wrapped on "Big Hero 6" and before the studio's animators had to start working on subsequent features. It was during this time period that the directors began to realize how much they missed the "Frozen" characters; they began to discuss the ideas that evolved into a full-length sequel, "Frozen II" (2019).

"Frozen Fever" premiered in theaters alongside Walt Disney Pictures' "Cinderella" on March 13, 2015. It was released on Digital HD and Disney Movies Anywhere on August 11, 2015, and was released on the "Walt Disney Animation Studios Short Films Collection" DVD/Blu-ray Combo Pack on August 18, 2015. It was also included on the Blu-ray, DVD, and digital HD releases of "Cinderella" on September 15, 2015. On November 9, 2015, it was released on an exclusive DVD copy of its own, courtesy of Tesco stores across the UK.

"USA Today"s Claudia Puig rated the short three stars out of four, and described the new song ("Making Today a Perfect Day") as "pleasant". She concluded that although the short "is not as exhilarating and inventive as the original, it's still a treat to see an abridged tale of these two sisters in a warmhearted spinoff." Writing for BBC, Natalie Jamieson called the new song "catchy and fun". Dan Kois of the "Slate" called the film "a real bummer, the first recent misfire from Disney's shorts program, and thus the first serious misfire from the Lasseter-led Disney." "The Daily Telegraph"s Robbie Collin praised the song "Making Today a Perfect Day", stating that "it's a lip-smacking confection, dusted with pure icing sugar, and suggests that songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez are capable of coming up with something special for the forthcoming feature-length "Frozen" sequel."

CraveOnline's Witney Seibold wrote that the film "is a celebration of the very kind of conspicuous consumerism that Disney is always smearing the landscape with." Mike Scott of "The Times-Picayune" wrote that "with its blend of sweetness, silliness and tunefullness, this animated Disney short is satisfyingly consistent in vision and in spirit with the original "Frozen.""



</doc>
<doc id="43728347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43728347" title="CHiPs (film)">
CHiPs (film)

CHiPs (stylized CHIPS) is a 2017 American buddy cop action comedy film written and directed by Dax Shepard, based on the 1977–1983 television series of the same name created by Rick Rosner. The film stars Shepard as Officer Jon Baker and Michael Peña as Frank "Ponch" Poncherello, with Rosa Salazar, Adam Brody and Vincent D'Onofrio in supporting roles.

Principal photography began on October 21, 2015, in Los Angeles. The film was released on March 24, 2017, by Warner Bros. Pictures and grossed $26 million worldwide. It has a 17% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, which called it "only mildly arresting at best".

Unlike the original series, the movie was produced without the cooperation of the California Highway Patrol (CHP) and without a license to use CHP logos.

A getaway driver known as Chacho (Michael Peña) assists a crew of bank robbers in evading the Miami Police. After exchanging vehicles, Chacho reveals himself to be Agent Castillo of the FBI, who then converges with other agents on a dock and arrests the bank robbers. At the same time, Jon Baker (Dax Shepard) enrolls in the California Highway Patrol Academy. Despite his low aptitude score across every field, Sgt. Gail Hernandez (Maya Rudolph) sympathizes with Jon, noting that he can ride a motorcycle better than the majority of cadets she has trained and grants him a probationary graduation.

On a California highway, an armored van is attacked by a crew of bike riders. One member identified by the guard as "LT" accuses the guard and TJ, his CHP closet boyfriend of stealing from him from a previous hit. TJ, who happens to be responding to the hit at the time, arrives overhead in a Police helicopter. LT informs TJ over the police frequency that he must choose who lives (TJ or his boyfriend) as punishment. TJ ultimately jumps from the helicopter and falls to his death.

In Miami, Castillo is informed by his boss Peterson (Isiah Whitlock Jr.) that the CHP have requested the FBI's help in the armored van heist, believing that a corrupt police ring is involved. Castillo is ordered to go undercover within the CHP and is given the alias Francis Llewellyn "Ponch" Poncherello. Ponch is partnered up with Baker and the two head to ostensibly pay respects to TJ's widow at home. Baker points out that there isn't a single commendation, picture or other effects a helicopter pilot would have in the house, and later precisely identifies the bikes used in the heist as the Ducati Hypermotard 939. The bike gang makes another attempt on an armored van. The crew evade Ponch and Baker on the faster Ducati's after a lengthy chase through Elysian Park. LT, already wary of Ponch's extensive investigations into the heists finds out from his FBI contacts that he is undercover, whereas Ponch also obtains a potential lead on an apartment TJ tenanted at. Ponch concludes that TJ had to have been corrupt, as it would not have been affordable on his salary. Sensing that something is still amiss, Ponch and Baker re-visit TJ's widow. Officer Parish - who had previously warned Ponch not to return - fights him until he is subdued by Baker. Ponch recognizes that Parish is not in on the corrupt circle, after he suggests that "LT" in reality could stand for Lieutenant. Ponch and Baker arrive on the profile of Lieutenant Raymond Kurtz (Vincent D'Onofrio) and immediately suspect him, but have nothing to pin him to the heists.

The FBI pick up on a promising lead to a drug house in Venice, prompting Ponch and Baker to respond and give chase to one of the bike crew members. During the lengthy pursuit, Officer Brian Grieves (Ryan Hansen) secretly informs LT that the suspect involved is his son. While crossing a bridge, the suspect is decapitated by a recovery vehicle's extended industrial wire. LT arrives and crashes into Baker who was in pursuit. Parish arrives in his police helicopter and airlifts an unconscious Baker to hospital.

Corrupt Officer and Ponch's love interest Lindsey Taylor (Jessica McNamee) attempts to console LT over his loss, but is instructed to wait for Grieves until he is discharged from hospital. Petersen fires Ponch for disobeying his orders to stay well away from Allen's lead, and Baker also discovers that his ex-wife Karen (Kristen Bell) who Baker had been living with, has sold her house while he was in hospital without telling him. At Ponch's house, Baker identifies the decapitated biker as Raymond Reed Kurtz Jr., CHP Lieutenant Ray Kurtz's son, confirming their earlier suspicions. Ponch returns to the CHP Central Station and is sworn in as a CHP Officer while Ray kidnaps Karen and holds her hostage at his safe house. Ray gives Ponch and Baker her location, but the two are ambushed by Ray en route. Both Ponch and Baker rescue Karen as Officer Ava Perez (Rosa Salazar) arrives with back up, but are attacked by Ray's associates.

Ray shoots off three of Ponch's fingers, leaving him unable to return fire and instead rely on Baker's poor aim to retaliate. Baker alters his aim to compensate for this, but accidentally triggers an explosive device that incapacitates Ray and his remaining guards, who Perez and the other Officers arrest. Ray comes to, but is reinforced by Taylor and then holds Baker at gunpoint. Ponch intervenes moments before Ray fires a shot into Baker's arm which ricochets off of a titanium implant and strikes Ray in the head, killing him instantly.

Baker is loaded onto an ambulance to be treated for his injuries. Karen offers to join him in hospital, however Baker finally realizes how little she cares for him and declines her offer. Ponch is given morphine by a Paramedic (who is played by Erik Estrada in a cameo appearance). A final cut scene shows Castillo receiving a call from Peterson, who offers him his job back at the FBI. Castillo however refuses, preferring to stay in the CHP.


The project began as a personal film that Dax Shepard wanted to do: a motor sports comedy starring him and Michael Pena, and a tribute to the "CHiPs" television series. In an interview with Vulture, Shepard said:

On September 2, 2014, Warner Bros. announced a film adaptation of the 1977-1983 TV series "CHiPs" created by Rick Rosner, Andrew Panay would be producing along with Shepard. Shepard also wrote, directed and starred in the film. It was announced that Panay would produce the film through his Panay Films along with Ravi Mehta. In August 2015, the film was selected by the California Film Commission to receive $5.1 million in tax credits.

Principal photography on the film began on October 21, 2015, in Los Angeles, California, utilizing many of the same sections of Southern California freeways used for the original television series, notably Interstate 210 in La Crescenta, California.

In September 2014, Warner Bros. announced that Shepard would write, direct, and star in the film as Officer Jon Baker, and that Michael Peña would portray Frank "Ponch" Poncherello. In May 2015, Vincent D'Onofrio was announced to be playing a former cop turned car thief and gang-leader. In September, Adam Brody joined the film to play an officer, while Rosa Salazar and Shepard's wife Kristen Bell also signed on to star. A few weeks later, Jessica McNamee signed on to play Lindsey Taylor, a tough young California Highway Patrol officer. In November, Jane Kaczmarek joined the film to play the police captain. In March 2016, it was announced that Ryan Hansen would join the film.

"CHiPs" was originally scheduled to be released on August 11, 2017, but it was pushed up to March 24, 2017, by Warner Bros. Pictures.

"CHiPs" was released digitally on June 13, 2017. Two weeks later on June 27, 2017, Warner Home Video released the film on Blu-Ray and DVD.

"CHiPs" grossed $18.6 million in the United States and Canada and $8.2 million in other territories for a worldwide gross of $26.8 million, against a production budget of $25 million.

In the United States and Canada, "CHiPs" opened alongside "Life", "Power Rangers" and "Wilson", and was projected to gross around $10 million from 2,464 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $500,000 from Thursday night previews at 2,400 theaters. It went on to debut to $7.6 million, finishing 7th at the box office. In its second weekend the film grossed $4 million (a drop of 48.7%), finishing 9th at the box office.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 17% based on 109 reviews and an average rating of 3.59/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""CHiPs" abandons the endearing innocence of its source material, using the titular cop show's premise as a setup for aggressively lowbrow gags that prove only mildly arresting at best." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 28 out of 100 based on 26 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave a 74% overall positive score and just 50% gave it a "definite recommend".

"Variety"s Owen Gleiberman called the film lazy and clichéd, saying: "The film's model is—or should have been—the movie version of "21 Jump Street" and its sequel, but the co-directors of those bumptious nihilistic undercover burlesques, Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, knew how to turn comedy into suspense and thrills into media-mad absurdity. Shepard just sprinkles overstated banter onto a generic plot and bits of pedal-to-the-metal action, as if he was serving the action-comedy gods by sticking the usual ingredients in a blender and pushing 'purée.'"

The original show's star, Larry Wilcox, posted on Twitter saying, "Way to go Warner Bros - just ruined the Brand of "CHIPS" and of the Calif Highway Patrol. Great choice!"

The film was awarded the Barry L. Bumstead Award at the 38th Golden Raspberry Awards, meaning the film would have likely been nominated in their "Worst Film" category had the recipient's theatrical run met their eligible criteria.



</doc>
<doc id="43732947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43732947" title="1001 Grams">
1001 Grams

1001 Grams () is a 2014 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Bent Hamer. It was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.




</doc>
<doc id="43733030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43733030" title="The Dark Valley">
The Dark Valley

The Dark Valley () is a 2014 Austrian-German western drama film directed by Andreas Prochaska, based on Thomas Willmann's sole eponymous 2010 novel. The film stars Sam Riley as a lone traveler who ends up in a small town in the Alps, finding corruption and tyranny running rampant.

It was selected as the Austrian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.

The film opens with a scene of a scared young man and woman hiding in the basement of a wooden building. Footsteps are heard from above, and then several men find them, severely assaulting the man and then dragging them both away as the woman screams.

Some time later, a young stranger rides into a remote town somewhere in the Austrian Alps. Having introduced himself as a photographer, Mr Greider, he becomes the lodger of a widow whose husband and son suffered an untimely death. Soon, the newcomer learns that the entire town is firmly under the dominion of an aged rich man named Old Brenner and his six power-drunk sons. One day, the widow sends her daughter to town to run some errands. Greider is invited, and decides to accompany young Luzi. As Luzi does her shopping, Greider asks for coffee and horseshoe nails. The brothers discover him at her side within the store, and command him to drink their schnapps. When he politely refuses by stating that he "doesn't drink," one of the brothers beats him into compliance. Later, one of the Brenner brothers dies in what looks like a freak logging accident. Soon this same fate befalls another of the brothers; he falls off a cliff having been blinded by a branch with nails on it. Old Brenner finds nails in his dead son's eyes. Since Greider is suspected to have had his hand in these accidents, he hides.

Meanwhile, it is revealed that the Brenners walk in the footsteps of their father. At every local wedding they claim the (fictional) medieval prerogative of Primae noctis; only Greider's parents (the young couple from the opening scene) had refused to comply. For that defiance, the Brenners crucified Greider's father, but his mother managed to escape and find refuge in America. The local priest still supports what the Brenners do. Greider confronts the priest in private, revealing that he's come to crack down on the Brenners. He admits that he did kill the two Brenner sons. After telling the priest that he's next to die, Greider shoots him.

Greider rescues Luzi from the grasp of the Brenners after she marries Lukas and is abducted. Greider challenges them to a duel on the next day. Rather than waiting for the appointed duel, the brothers try to ambush Greider at the remote mountain cabin where he is holed up. At dawn they come after him, attacking all together. A shootout ensues. Greider is outnumbered four-to-one, but he has the advantage of a Winchester lever-action repeating rifle, while the Brenners all wield two shot side-by-side and breechloading rifles, and are unfamiliar with a repeating rifle. Skillfully leveraging this edge, Greider kills or leaves for dead the remaining four brothers. He then seeks to deliver the message of their deaths to their father, but discovers that some citizens of the town remain loyal to Brenner senior.

As Greider approaches Brenner's home he is attacked by the blacksmith, a hulking giant brandishing a large iron log hook. Lukas manages to save Greider by shooting the blacksmith, but not before the hook finds its way through Grieder's shoulder. After the fight, Greider storms Old Brenner's house and finds him in his bed. Greider gives Old Brenner a picture of his mother, explaining the reason for killing Old Brenner's sons and now him. Old Brenner reveals to Greider that he is Greider's father (a product of his mother's rape by Brenner on her wedding night) and so therefore he has murdered his own half-brothers. Brenner asks him "to make it quick" and Greider obliges by shooting him in the heart. Greider recovers for three weeks from his wounds. Meanwhile, the various families that live on the valley ask to punish Greider as many have relatives to Old Brenner due to his ways. Greider leaves the valley, never to return.


Filming took place in Italy, notably South Tyrol and Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.



</doc>
<doc id="43733650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43733650" title="Roar of the Dragon">
Roar of the Dragon

Roar of the Dragon is a 1932 American Pre-Code adventure film directed by Wesley Ruggles and written by Howard Estabrook. The film stars Richard Dix, Gwili Andre, Edward Everett Horton, Arline Judge and ZaSu Pitts. The film was released on July 8, 1932, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43733934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43733934" title="Strange Justice (1932 film)">
Strange Justice (1932 film)

Strange Justice is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger, written by William A. Drake, and starring Marian Marsh, Reginald Denny, Richard Bennett, Norman Foster and Irving Pichel. It was released on October 7, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43735783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43735783" title="Little Orphan Annie (1932 film)">
Little Orphan Annie (1932 film)

Little Orphan Annie is a 1932 American pre-Code comedy film directed by John S. Robertson, and written by Wanda Tuchock and Tom McNamara. It is based on the comic strip "Little Orphan Annie" by Harold Gray. The film stars Mitzi Green, Buster Phelps, May Robson, Matt Moore, and Edgar Kennedy. The film was released on November 4, 1932, by RKO Pictures.

Oliver "Daddy" Warbucks is going away to find gold. He must leave Annie and Sandy, and promises that when he gets back, they'll be rich. On the way home, Sandy finds a little boy named Mickey crying behind a fence. Mickey is upset because his grandmother died, and he is being forced to go to an orphanage.



</doc>
<doc id="43736062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43736062" title="Men Are Such Fools (1932 film)">
Men Are Such Fools (1932 film)

Men Are Such Fools is a 1932 American pre-Code drama film directed by William Nigh and written by Viola Brothers Shore and Ethel Doherty. The film stars Leo Carrillo, Vivienne Osborne, Una Merkel, Joseph Cawthorn and Tom Moore. The film was released on November 11, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43736667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43736667" title="Ghost in the Shell (2017 film)">
Ghost in the Shell (2017 film)

Ghost in the Shell is a 2017 American science fiction action film directed by Rupert Sanders and written by Jamie Moss, William Wheeler and Ehren Kruger, based on the Japanese manga of the same name by Masamune Shirow. It stars Scarlett Johansson, Takeshi Kitano, Michael Pitt, Pilou Asbæk, Chin Han and Juliette Binoche. Set in a near future when the line between humans and robots is blurring, the plot follows the Major (Johansson), a cyborg supersoldier who investigates her past.

Filming for "Ghost in the Shell" took place in New Zealand from February to June 2016, with additional filming in Hong Kong that June. The film premiered in Tokyo on March 16, 2017, and was released in the United States on March 31, 2017, in 2D, 3D, IMAX 3D and 4DX. It received mixed reviews, with praise for its visual style, action sequences, cinematography and score, but criticism for its story and lack of character development. The casting of Caucasian actors, particularly Johansson, drew accusations of racism and whitewashing in the United States. It grossed $169.8 million worldwide against a production budget of $110 million. The film debuted at No. 2 on home video.

In the near future, humans are augmented with cybernetic improvements to traits such as vision, strength, and intelligence. Augmentation developer Hanka Robotics establishes a secret project to develop an artificial body, or "shell", that can integrate a human brain rather than an AI. Mira Killian, the sole survivor of a cyberterrorist attack which killed her parents, is chosen as the test subject after her body is damaged beyond repair. Over the objections of her designer Dr. Ouelet, Hanka Robotics CEO, Cutter, decides to use Killian as a counter-terrorism operative.

A year later, Killian has attained the rank of Major in the anti-terrorist bureau Section 9, working alongside operatives Batou and Togusa under Chief Daisuke Aramaki. Killian, who experiences hallucinations that Ouelet dismisses as glitches, is troubled by how little she remembers of her past. The team thwarts a terrorist attack on a Hanka business conference, and Killian destroys a robotic geisha after it murders a hostage. After learning that the geisha was hacked by an unknown entity known as Kuze, Killian breaks protocol and "dives" into its AI for answers. The entity attempts a counter-hack, and Batou is forced to disconnect her. They trace the hacker to a yakuza nightclub, where they are lured into a trap. The explosion destroys Batou's eyes and damages Killian's body. Cutter is enraged by Killian's actions, and threatens to have Section 9 shut down unless Aramaki keeps her in line.

Kuze tracks down Section 9's Hanka consultant, Dr. Dahlin, and kills her. The team links her murder to the deaths of other senior company researchers and realize that Ouelet is the next target. Kuze takes control of two sanitation workers and sends them to kill Ouelet. Now with cybernetic eyes, Batou kills one while the repaired Killian subdues the other. While they interrogate the worker, Kuze speaks through him before compelling him to commit suicide. Togusa traces the hack to a secret location, where the team discovers a large number of humans mentally linked as a makeshift signal network. Killian is captured and Kuze reveals that he is a failed Hanka test subject from the same project that created Killian. He urges her to question her own memories, then frees her and escapes.

Killian confronts Ouelet, who admits that 98 test subjects died before Killian, and that her memories are implanted. Cutter has decided that Killian is a liability and orders Ouelet to kill her after she returns to Hanka Robotics. Instead, Ouelet gives Killian an address and helps her escape. Cutter kills Ouelet, but blames Killian, saying that she has gone rogue. He informs Aramaki and the team that Killian must be terminated.

Killian follows the address to an apartment occupied by a widowed mother, who reveals that her daughter, Motoko Kusanagi, ran away from home a year ago and was arrested. Motoko took her own life while in custody. Killian leaves and contacts Aramaki, who allows Cutter to remotely eavesdrop on their conversation. Batou, Togusa and Aramaki eliminate Cutter's men trying to ambush them, while Killian follows her memories to the hideaway where Motoko was last seen. There, she and Kuze meet and recall their past lives as anti-augmentation radicals who were abducted by Hanka as test subjects.

Cutter deploys a "spider-tank" to kill them. Kuze nearly dies before Killian is able to tear off the tank's motor, losing an arm in the process. Mortally wounded, Kuze offers to merge his "ghost" with Killian's, but Killian refuses. Kuze fades out, then a Hanka sniper kills him. Batou and the team rescue Killian, while Aramaki executes Cutter with Killian's consent. The next day, now repaired and embracing her true identity as the Japanese Motoko, Killian reconnects with her mother and returns to work with Section 9.

In the Japanese dub, Atsuko Tanaka, Akio Ōtsuka and Kōichi Yamadera reprise the roles they played in the Mamoru Oshii films and the "" television series.

In 2008, DreamWorks (who had handled U.S. theatrical distribution of "" through its Go Fish Pictures banner) and Steven Spielberg acquired the rights to produce a live-action film adaptation of the original manga. Avi Arad and Steven Paul were later confirmed as producers, with Jamie Moss set to write the screenplay. In October 2009, it was announced that Laeta Kalogridis had replaced Moss as writer. On January 24, 2014, it was reported that Rupert Sanders would direct the film, with the screenplay now written by William Wheeler. Wheeler worked on the script for approximately a year and a half, later saying, "It's a vast enterprise. I think I was second or third in the mix, and I know there have been at least six or seven writers." Jonathan Herman also worked on the screenplay. Ultimately, credit for the screenplay was given to Moss, William Wheeler and Ehren Kruger.

On September 3, 2014, Margot Robbie was reported as being in early talks for the lead role. On October 16, it was announced that DreamWorks had made a $10 million offer to Scarlett Johansson for the lead role, after Robbie had chosen to play Harley Quinn in "Suicide Squad" instead. In May 2015, Paramount Pictures agreed to co-produce and co-finance the film. On November 10, 2015, Pilou Asbæk was cast in the role of Batou. According to "TheWrap", Matthias Schoenaerts was previously circling the role that went to Asbæk. On November 19, 2015, it was reported that Sam Riley was in early talks to play the villain role Kuze, leader of dangerous criminals and extremists, though on February 4, 2016, "Variety" reported that Michael Pitt had entered talks for the role. On March 3, 2016, "TheWrap" reported that Japanese actor Takeshi Kitano had been cast as Daisuke Aramaki, the founder and leader of the elite unit Section 9, tasked with protecting the world from the most dangerous technological threats.

Principal photography on the film began on location in Wellington, New Zealand, on February 1, 2016. In April 2016, the full cast was announced, including Juliette Binoche, Chin Han, Lasarus Ratuere and Kaori Momoi. In May 2016, Rila Fukushima was cast in a role. Filming wrapped in New Zealand on June 3, 2016. Filming also took place in the Yau Ma Tei and Jordan areas of Hong Kong, around Pak Hoi Street and Woosung Street on June 7, 8 and 10 or 14–16.

"Ghost in the Shell" was originally scheduled for release on April 14, 2017, by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures through their Touchstone Pictures banner. The film was part of DreamWorks' distribution deal with Walt Disney Studios, which began in 2009. In April 2015, Disney moved the film's North American release date to March 31, 2017, with Paramount Pictures handling international distribution. However, it was reported in September 2015 that DreamWorks and Disney would not renew their distribution deal, which was set to expire in August 2016. In January 2016, Disney dropped the film from its slate after DreamWorks finalized their distribution deal with Universal Pictures in December 2015. Disney's distribution rights for the film were transferred completely to Paramount instead of Universal, with Paramount retaining Disney's release date of March 31, 2017. The film was not screened for critics before its release.

"Ghost in the Shell" grossed $40.5 million in the United States and Canada, and $129.2 million in other territories, for a worldwide gross of $169.8 million, against a production budget of $110 million.

In North America, "Ghost in the Shell" opened alongside "The Boss Baby" and "The Zookeeper's Wife", and was projected to gross around $25 million from 3,440 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $1.8 million from Thursday night previews and $7.7 million on Friday, which includes the preview number. The film opened to $19 million, finishing third at the box office, behind "The Boss Baby" and "Beauty and the Beast". "Deadline Hollywood" attributed the poor opening to below-average critical reviews, an unclear marketing campaign, and no social media presence by Johansson. In its second weekend, the film grossed $7.4 million, dropping 60.4% and finishing 5th at the box office.

Kyle Davies, domestic distribution chief for Paramount, felt the controversy around the casting had damaged reviews, and said: "...you're always trying to thread that needle between honoring the source material and mak[ing] a movie for a mass audience. That's challenging, but clearly the reviews didn't help." Conversely, Deadline argued that the negative critical assessment was due to the film being "cold, boring, thoughtless, and the same old next to its futuristic ancestors "The Matrix" and "Blade Runner"," and suggested that Paramount held the film from review because they "knew they had a lame duck."

Japanese box office reception since the official release in the country, on April 7, was more positive, earning $3.3 million during its first three days in theaters. In Japan, "Ghost in the Shell" made it to second place, just behind "Sing".

In China, the film debuted at number one, grossing in $22.1 million and claiming the spot from "", which had held it for three weeks. It performed below already muted expectations, leading to the Chinese media calling it a flop.

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, "Ghost in the Shell" has an approval rating of 44%, based on 288 reviews, with an average rating of 5.51/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Ghost in the Shell" boasts cool visuals and a compelling central performance from Scarlett Johansson, but the end result lacks the magic of the movie's classic source material." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 52 out of 100, based on 42 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Justin Chang of the "Los Angeles Times" praised the film's visuals and production: "Some of that ravishment arrives courtesy of the movie's setting, a stunning pan-Asian metropolis that makes boldly inventive use of the Hong Kong skyline, its tightly stacked buildings tricked out with enormous holographic billboards. (The cinematography and production design, both staggering, are by Jess Hall and Jan Roelfs, respectively.)"
Michael Phillips of "Chicago Tribune" gave the film 3/4 and said, "This isn't jokey, quippy science fiction; true to the source material, it's fairly grave about the implications of an android-dominated culture, though of course "Ghost in the Shell" is also about giant mecha spiders equipped with machine guns."

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, saying: "Just about every scene in "Ghost in the Shell" is a visual wonder to behold—and you'll have ample to time to soak in all that background eye candy, because the plot machinations and the action in the foreground are largely of the ho-hum retread variety." Evan Narcisse of "io9" commented that the film failed to capture the feel of the source material, with the biggest problem being the Major asking the wrong sort of existential questions about herself.

Cecilia D'Anastasio of "Kotaku" commented on the film's failure to adhere to the source material: "Somebody misjudged how poorly American superhero movie tropes would map onto "Ghost in the Shell" ... [the] final scene tried to do that 'satisfying our need for closure' thing American directors think is kind, but is actually condescending."
Brian Truitt of "USA Today" gave the film 1.5/4, stating: ""Ghost in the Shell" is a defective mess with lifeless characters, missed chances for thematic exploration and a minefield of political incorrectness."

Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" expressed disappointment at the absence of the original's "big, human, all-too-human questions" in contrast to the retention of action clichés, such as chases and gun fights. Dargis also criticized the absence of the unique setting, stating that "The original manga takes place in what’s described as a "strange corporate conglomerate-state called 'Japan'", while this movie unwinds nowhere in particular, just a universal megalopolis filled with soaring gray towers."

Nicholas Barber of the BBC described the film as "conceptually and visually breathtaking", an elaborately designed and detailed dystopia which seems disturbingly real.

Peter Suderman of "Vox" and Emily Yoshida of "Vulture" criticized the removal of philosophical ideas from the story, feeling the movie westernized the story and changed the search for the idea of a soul to finding individuality and memories. Hanns-Georg Rodek of Die Welt newspaper praised the film for being an action movie that for once does not throw philosophy overboard.

James Hadfield of "The Japan Times" argued that the film missed the mark, but was better than Hollywood's previous attempts at adapting anime for the big screen.

The film has a 3.48 star (out of 5) rating on Yahoo! Japan Movies, with four stars for its visuals and three for its story. On April 10, 2017, "The Hollywood Reporter" noted that the adaptation's then 3.5 rating on Yahoo Movies Japan was higher than the 3.2 rating of the 1995 original anime film.

"Ghost in the Shell" was released on digital on July 7, 2017, and on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, Blu-ray and DVD on July 25, 2017. The film was number two in the Top 20 NPD VideoScan First Alert chart and the Top 10 "Home Media Magazine" rental chart in the week ended July 20, 2017.

The casting of Scarlett Johansson as Major Mira Killian / Motoko Kusanagi brought accusations of whitewashing. Pavan Shamdasani of "Asia Times" wrote: "The original is about as Asian as things get: Japanese cult manga, ground-breaking anime, Hong Kong-inspired locations, Eastern philosophy-based story. Most of that's been downright ignored with its big-screen adaptation, and Scarlett Johansson's casting as the dark-haired, obviously originally Asian lead sent netizens into a rage." In April 2016, "ScreenCrush" reported that the filmmakers had commissioned the use of CGI and other visual effects testing to alter Johansson's appearance to make her appear Asian, spurring further backlash. Paramount stated the tests were short-lived and did not involve Johansson. Some fans and industry employees argued that the controversy was a symptom of Hollywood's fear that casting non-white actors would bring less profit. Marc Bernardin of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that "the only race Hollywood cares about is the box office race".

In Japan, some fans were surprised that the casting had caused controversy, as they had already assumed that a Hollywood production would choose a white actress. They felt the appearance of the protagonist was immaterial due to the franchise's themes of self-identity and the blurring of artificial and natural bodies. "The Hollywood Reporter" spoke to a group of female Japanese American actors, including Keiko Agena, about the film; the actresses argued that Japanese natives are not upset by the film because of white beauty standards held in Japan. According to Justin Charity of "Ringer", "your average Japanese citizen's outlook on diversity is much less influenced by pluralism than the outlooks of many Asian Americans, who live in a country where popular culture rarely represents them well, if at all. Hence, many Japanese Americans may find Johansson's casting in a "Ghost in the Shell" movie distressing, while native Japanese observers make nothing of it."

Paramount released a featurette of Mamoru Oshii, director of the anime films, visiting the studio, in which he says that Johansson exceeded his expectations for the role. Oshii told IGN that the Major uses an assumed body and name, "so there is no basis for saying that an Asian actress must portray her... I can only sense a political motive from the people opposing it, and I believe artistic expression must be free from politics." During a launch event in Tokyo, director Rupert Sanders said of Johansson: "There are very few actresses with 20 years' experience who have the cyberpunk ethic already baked in. I stand by my decision—she's the best actress of her generation." Addressing the controversy, producer Steven Paul referred to the film's setting as "an international world" with characters of numerous nationalities.

Sam Yoshiba, director of the international business division at Kodansha's Tokyo headquarters, which holds the rights to the "Ghost in the Shell" series, said: "Looking at her career so far, I think Scarlett Johansson is well cast. She has the cyberpunk feel. And we never imagined it would be a Japanese actress in the first place... this is a chance for a Japanese property to be seen around the world." Johansson said of the criticism: "I certainly would never presume to play another race of a person. Diversity is important in Hollywood, and I would never want to feel like I was playing a character that was offensive. Also, having a franchise with a female protagonist driving it is such a rare opportunity. Certainly, I feel the enormous pressure of that—the weight of such a big property on my shoulders."

The film attracted further criticism for its ending, which reveals that Johansson's character was originally a Japanese girl. The Media Action Network for Asian Americans accused Johansson of lying when she said she would never play the role of a person of a different race than her own. Japanese-American actress Ai Yoshihara, speaking to "The Hollywood Reporter", said she felt the twist was "white people trying to justify the casting". Another Japanese-American actress, Atsuko Okatsuka, said: "Hanka Robotics [the corporation in the film] is making a being that's the best of human and the best of robotics. For some reason, the best stuff they make happens to be white."

The film has been nominated in two categories for the Hollywood Post Alliance (HPA) Awards, and was also nominated for the 'Most Innovative Advertising' category at the Motion Picture Sound Editors' Golden Reel Awards. It won the 12th annual HPA Award for 'Color Grading'. The film was on the Academy Awards shortlist for the category of Visual Effects, and was shortlisted for Hair and Makeup, but was not nominated for either category.

It was also nominated for Best Contemporary Make-up by the Make-Up and Hair Guild. On October 23, 2018, the film's composer Lorne Balfe received the "Top Film Score" award at the ASCAP London Music Awards.






</doc>
<doc id="43740369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43740369" title="Little Orphan Annie (1938 film)">
Little Orphan Annie (1938 film)

Little Orphan Annie is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes, and written by Budd Schulberg and Samuel Ornitz. It is based on the comic strip "Little Orphan Annie" by Harold Gray. The film stars Ann Gillis, Robert Kent, June Travis, J. Farrell MacDonald, and J.M. Kerrigan. The film was released on December 2, 1938, by Paramount Pictures.

Annie (Ann Gillis), an orphan (based on Harold Gray's comic strip), is befriended by a fight manager, "Pop" Corrigan (J. Farrell MacDonald). She brings him Johnny Adams (Robert Kent), a promising prizefighter. Annie gets the people of the neighborhood to finance his training. But on the night of Johnny's big fight, a gambling syndicate locks him in a gymnasium, and it appears the neighborhood folks will lose their investment.



</doc>
<doc id="43740577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43740577" title="An American Girl: Isabelle Dances Into the Spotlight">
An American Girl: Isabelle Dances Into the Spotlight

An American Girl: Isabelle Dances Into the Spotlight (2014) is the eighth film in the American Girl series, starring Erin Pitt as Isabelle Palmer, along with Melora Hardin, Grace Davidson as Jade Palmer, Devyn Nekoda as Luisa, Genneya Walton as Renata, Alyssa Trask as Emma, Avery Trask as Hip Hop Dancer, Daniel Fathers, Kolton Stewart, Mathew Edmondson, and Saara Chaudry. The screenplay was written by Jessica O'Toole and Amy Rardin. The movie was directed by Vince Marcello.

The film revolves around Isabelle Palmer, a 9-year-old dancer and aspiring fashion designer from Washington, D.C., as she studies at a prestigious performing-arts school with her older sister Jade and her best friend Luisa. It was shot in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.


The direct-to-DVD film was released on DVD and Blu-Ray on July 22, 2014, and aired on the Disney Channel on August 9, 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="43740584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43740584" title="An American Girl: McKenna Shoots for the Stars">
An American Girl: McKenna Shoots for the Stars

An American Girl: McKenna Shoots for the Stars (released in PAL territories as American Girl: Shooting for the Stars) is a 2012 American family-drama film starring actress Jade Pettyjohn, Ysa Penarejo, Cathy Rigby, Nia Vardalos, and Ian Ziering. This film is based on the "McKenna" books in the American Girl series written by Mary Casanova. The film is also the second in the series to feature a Girl of the Year character, the first being "", and is the sixth film in the "American Girl" series overall.

The film is about the life of McKenna Brooks, as she struggles to balance her time at school and in her career as a gymnast. The screenplay was written by Jessica O'Toole and Amy Rardin. The movie was directed by Vince Marcello.

A free screening of the film was held at the Tysons Corner Marriott on July 21, 2012, as part of a promotional package by American Girl and Marriott.

In the Shooting Star gym, McKenna Brooks is practicing her balance beam routine, which she finishes with a challenging back handspring dismount. Coach Isabelle Manning tells McKenna that the move is too advanced for her and she should stick to the easier dismount for now. McKenna's dream is to go to the Olympics; however, her coach tells her that she needs to work up to it slowly. As McKenna begins feeling dejected, her best friend Toulane Thomas comes over and tells McKenna she was great. She then gets on about how the two of them will get into the 2016 Summer Olympics. Toulane explains that she'll be on the podium with her gold, and McKenna next to her with her silver. McKenna tells her that it'll be the other way around. For now, their immediate goal is to make the regional competitive team; as another girl, Sierra, falls, they note that she won't be much of a competition, but also comment about a girl from another team who is generally considered the best and who they feel is pretty much sure to get one of the three spots. The girls get back to gymnastics until McKenna's grandma comes into the gym with McKenna's younger twin sisters, Maisey and Mara, to pick her up.

At home, McKenna, Maisey, Mara, Mr. and Mrs. Brooks are at the table and talking about Mrs. Brooks' business, and how her guitarist didn't show up on his first day. Mr. Brooks tries to convince Mrs. Brooks to let his old rock band play at her coffee shop. Mr. Brooks starts singing one of his songs. Then, Mrs. Brooks tells Maisey and Mara to go to their room, while she and Mr. Brooks talk to McKenna. When the twins leave, McKenna thinks it's about her accidentally feeding the class pet. Mr. and Mrs. Brooks explain that Mr. Wu e-mailed them and said that McKenna's grades are slipping. Mr. Wu is concerned about McKenna's grades and he recommended that she get a reading tutor from the middle school. McKenna's parents believe that she's spending too much time on gymnastics and not enough time on school. McKenna refuses and promises to bring her grades up as there's going to be a science quiz the next day. She starts to read the science book, but doesn't understand it and quits.

The next day at school McKenna is desperate to improve her grades and ends up cheating off of Sierra's paper. McKenna gets caught by Mr. Wu. Mr. Wu gives McKenna a zero on her test and tells Mr. and Mrs. Brooks. As soon as her parents find out, McKenna's grounded and they tell her that unless she gets a tutor, she'll have to quit gymnastics. In an effort to continue gymnastics McKenna agrees to get a tutor. McKenna reluctantly meets Josie Myers at the school's library. When McKenna sees Sierra, she tries to hide. Josie doesn't understand this. After Sierra leaves, Josie tries to tutor McKenna. McKenna gets angry when she finds out Josie wants her to read "baby books". She storms out of the library and asks Mr. Wu to find her a new tutor. She tries three different tutors who won't work for her. McKenna is soon forced to go back to Josie.

At the presentation run, the Shooting Stars gymnastics team perform for the parents. When McKenna goes up, she does everything perfectly. She comes to the very end of her practice and decides to disobey the coach by doing the back handspring dismount, but falls and breaks her ankle. When McKenna comes home, she is very angry, as her parents say that the accident will allow her to focus on school now instead of gymnastics. McKenna yells at them saying they must be happy she broke her ankle as she would have nothing to do, but study, and hobbles into her room. She tears down most of her posters about the Olympics, and cries.

McKenna keeps meeting with Josie, and is soon found out by Toulane. Toulane is very upset that McKenna lied to her. McKenna still goes on a camping trip with Josie. While McKenna is reading A Little Princess, she starts to understand what she is reading. In her excitement, McKenna shows Josie her and Toulane's secret victory handshake, unaware that Toulane had been watching. Afterwards, Josie invites McKenna to go the horseback riding facility for kids with disabilities where Josie rides. McKenna first agrees, but then remembers she gets her cast off the same day and tells Josie she can't go after all, which upsets Josie. McKenna later realizes that she should go and does so, only to run into Toulane. Toulane says that McKenna showed Josie their secret handshake on their camping trip. Toulane and McKenna have a talk and make up. Meanwhile, McKenna decides to do an important school paper about gymnastics, which captures her attention in a way that schoolwork never has before.

The audition for the regional competitive meet comes around, but McKenna is nervous because she's been struggling with her dismount (the skill she was injured on) since coming back from her injury. Meanwhile, Toulane is upset and finally admits to McKenna that she's sick of competitive gymnastics; her mother has been pushing her into it so that Toulane can follow in the footsteps of her older sister, a star gymnast, and Toulane no longer enjoys it. She tells McKenna that she has been watching the rhythmic gymnastics practices and wishes she could do that instead.

During the meet, McKenna hesitates on her beam dismount, but after seeing Josie in the audience, she goes for it and sticks the landing. She and Toulane are both named to the regional competitive team, but Toulane finally confronts her mother, and is finally allowed to switch to rhythmic gymnastics, and her place on the competitive team goes to the much-improved Sierra. McKenna also does well during her presentation at school, finally bringing her grades up.


The film aired on NBC on July 14, 2012.

The film was released on DVD and Blu-Ray on July 3, 2012. The film was initially only available at American Girl and Wal-Mart, but was eventually released in PAL territories as "American Girl: Shooting for the Stars".

"An American Girl: McKenna Shoots for the Stars" was filmed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.



</doc>
<doc id="43740594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43740594" title="Madeline (1998 film)">
Madeline (1998 film)

Madeline is a 1998 family comedy film adaptation of the children's book series and television series Madeline. The film starred newcomer Hatty Jones as the titular character with Frances McDormand and Nigel Hawthorne in supporting roles as Miss Clavel and Lord Covington. The film encompasses the plots of four "Madeline" books. It was released on July 10, 1998 by TriStar Pictures.

In 1956 Paris, France, a young girl named Madeline attends a Catholic boarding school, taught by the strict but loving nun Miss Clavel and fed by the passionate French chef Hélène. Madeline is an orphan, coming from neither family nor money, but maintains a positive attitude and is best friends with another girl, Aggie.

One night, Madeline is stricken with appendicitis and taken to the hospital, where Madeline undergoes an appendectomy. During her stay there, Madeline meets Lady Covington, the terminally ill wife of the school's board of trustees member, Lord Covington. Unlike her husband, Lady Covington is a kind-hearted person who cares deeply for the school and the girls, having attended the school herself in her youth. Lady Covington asks a favor of Madeline; she carved her birth name, Marie Gilbert, into one of the dorm's bed frames and she would like for Madeline to find out if her name is still there. Unfortunately, a few days later, when Madeline is ready to leave the hospital, she learns from Miss Clavel that Lady Covington has died. But, true to her promise, Madeline searches for her name under the beds, finding it under her own.

After her hospital stay, Madeline finds that the Spanish ambassador has purchased the property next door to the school and that he also has a son, Pepito, who is around Madeline's age. While the other girls are smitten with Pepito, Madeline is irritated by the noise created by the boy riding around on his Vespa. Shortly after the ambassador's arrival, Lord Covington announces he plans on closing the school due to the death of his wife.

Miss Clavel, unnerved by Pepito's bothering her girls, attempts to make peace with the boy by giving his tutor, Leopold, a tool box for him, in hopes that it will distract him from his obnoxious ways. However, her actions are unsuccessful as Pepito steals Madeline's drawing pad and write "Beware" with a vicious drawing in it before inviting the girls to his birthday party. During the party, Pepito tries to unnerve his guests by showing them a mouse but is unsuccessful in unnerving Madeline. Pepito threatens to kill the mouse, either by feeding him to his snake or executing him using a guillotine he made using the tool box he'd received as a gift from Miss Clavel. Madeline, angered by Pepito's threats to harm the innocent and tiny animal, brutally attacks him and releases all of his mice, causing guests to flee in horror and Miss Clavel to faint, which results in the girls' visit getting cut short, much to Pepito's amusement. On the way back to the school, Madeline takes Pepito's Vespa keys in an act of revenge.

While out on a daily walk, Madeline accidentally falls into the Seine while standing on the ledge of a bridge going over the river. She is rescued by a stray dog, whom she names Genevieve, and emerges from the ordeal relatively unscathed, save for a cold. While sick in bed, Madeline is displeased to watch Leopold teach Pepito, frustrated over the loss of his keys, how to start his scooter with a paper clip. However, her anger disperses when she discovers that Genevieve has followed her to the school and convinces Miss Clavel who has dog allergies to let her golden haired savior live in the shed. Wanting to save the school Madeline forms an alliance with Pepito, enlisting his help to sabotage Lord Covington's attempts to sell the property but her efforts are ultimately discovered by Lord Covington, who initially blames Miss Clavel. Madeline takes responsibility for her involvement, though Lord Covington is unmoved by her apology or the motivation behind her actions when she makes a Freudian slip and calls him "Cucuface" and, after leaving, he turns Genevieve loose into the night in an act of retaliation against her and the girls.

Upset over the loss of Genevieve, Miss Clavel takes the girls to a circus in hopes of cheering them up and Madeline, fearing she'll have no place to go as an orphan once the school closes, makes the decision to join the circus, hoping to make friends and find a home within the community there. After telling Aggie of her plans and making her swear not to tell, Madeline leaves the group and unintentionally stumbles upon Leopold, with the help of a trio of clowns known as "The Idiots," kidnapping Pepito, hoping to hold him from ransom, and, while trying to intervene, is abducted as well. Luckily, Leopold and the Idiots leave the two children alone with a motorcycle, which Madeline uses her hair clip to start and convinces Pepito to drive, though he is initially reluctant as he drives a Vespa. The two are pursued by Leopold and the Idiots but Miss Clavel, having learned of Madeline's running away from Aggie, goes driving in search of her (finding and picking up Genevieve along the way) and, narrowly avoiding a collision with the two children on the bike, is able to cause the Idiots to crash into a lake. The police arrive and arrest the kidnappers, while Miss Clavel, Madeline, Pepito and Genevieve head back to the school.

Back at the school, Hélène decides to celebrate by fixing a vegetarian feast, to which Madeline responds and that she wants Chicken Hélène, with the girls squawking in agreement, only to be interrupted by the sudden arrival of Lord Covington who happily shares that he's sold the property to the ambassador of Uzbekistan. Madeline realises that Lord Covington is merely trying to sell the school. He at first dismisses her sympathy but Madeline speaks earnestly to Lord Covington about her own family being gone and says that Lady Covington is still with him and with the school and Miss Clavel, knowing Madeline is fearful of having no one if the school were to shut down, assures her that they'll be together, regardless of what happens. While Lord Covington is moved by Madeline's words and sincerity, he regretfully tells her and the girls that there's nothing he can do as he's already sold the property but, in a happy twist, the ambassador, also moved by Madeline, decides to back out of the sale. The film then concludes with a montage accompanied by Louis Armstrong's "What a Wonderful World", and changes back to a book setting, as the word, "the end" appears.


While largely based on the original series, with storylines from three of the picture books weaved into the plot, several liberties were taken with the characters' backstories. Notably, Madeline is depicted as an orphan in the film, while in the books, she receives a dollhouse from her father and is known not only to have both her parents but siblings as well.

The film's costume department went for some artistic licence in developing the costumes for "Madeline". Aside from moving the time period from the 1930s to 1950, the producers elected for saturated blues and reds in the students' uniforms while keeping them as believable as possible, ruling out the possibility of using grey as it was seen as depressing. Similar considerations were made for Frances McDormand's character, a novice nun who, according to research, would have worn a short black habit; a softer blue habit similar to the one worn by Miss Clavel in the books was used instead.

Principal photography took place in Paris from September 1997 to January 1998, with English actress Hatty Jones, then 8 or 9 years, cast as the main character. Unlike the books, the film takes place in 1956, not 1939. Many of the landmarks from the books appear in the film, although some were too crowded with modern traffic to be used.

"Madeline "was released on VHS, part of the Columbia TriStar Family Collection series, and DVD on December 15, 1998.

This film received mixed to positive reviews upon release. It currently has a 63% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 30 reviews, with an average score of 6.41/10. The site's consensus states: "It may be a tad tedious for older viewers, but "Madeline"'s clever, adventurous heroine is likely to charm its intended audience." On their TV show, Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert awarded the film with "Two Thumbs Up" (see photo of film). Nell Minow of Common Sense Media said that the movie was "great for young kids and fans of the books." AOL movie critic Brandon Judell said of it, "No horribly arch double entendres to draw in audiences who can't spend two hours in a theater without having their libido massaged." Jeffery Huston called it "a disarming, charming fable so artfully crafted that adults will fall under its spell." Conversely, John R. McEwen gave a negative review, stating that the movie was: "...Adequately simple for children, though perhaps a bit pedestrian for adults." A similarly negative review was given by Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post", stating that "their 8-year-old daughters will less likely be impressed by the meandering story, dull visuals and flat characterizations."

The film depicts many events from the books, but there are a number of discrepancies from both the books and TV series as follows:



</doc>
<doc id="43740599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43740599" title="An American Girl: Saige Paints the Sky">
An American Girl: Saige Paints the Sky

An American Girl: Saige Paints the Sky (2013) is the seventh film in the American Girl series, introducing newcomer Sidney Fullmer in the title role, as well as Kerr Smith, Jane Seymour, Alex Peters, Alana Gordillo and Mika Abdalla.

The film tells the story of , an aspiring young artist from Albuquerque, New Mexico. As with the , the screenplay was written by Jessica O'Toole and Amy Rardin. The movie was directed by Vince Marcello.

A screening of the film was held at the KiMo Theatre in Albuquerque.

9-year-old artist Saige Copeland begins her first day of fourth grade in Albuquerque, New Mexico, only to learn that the art class has been dropped from the school's curriculum due to budget cuts, replacing it with music. Saige's best friend Tessa Joblansky, a musician, befriended another girl named Dylan Patterson in camp and hangs out with her instead of Saige, making Saige jealous. A new girl in school named Gabi Peña, who is also an artist, becomes friends with Saige. 

Saige tells her grandmother, who she calls Mimi, about the situation, and Mimi proposes a school-wide protest against the decision. Tessa goes to Mimi's house with Saige instead of going to Dylan's house. At the same time, Gabi invites Saige to her house, but Saige turns her down, saying she is busy. 

Later, as Saige is telling her grandmother about Tessa and her other friends, Mimi trips over Saige's dog, Rembrandt, and breaks her leg and wrist. She is then hospitalized due to her injuries. At the hospital, she begs Saige to continue on with her protest. Saige agrees, and promises to do so for her grandmother.

At school, Saige, Tessa, Gabi and Dylan discuss plans on staging the protest, with Saige coming up with "A Day of Beige" after her visit to the hospital. Dylan suggests a press conference in order to gain more attention since her mother works as a news reporter, to which Saige reluctantly agrees. The demonstrations are held as planned with all of the students wearing beige in protest, but is nearly put to a halt as Saige and her friends are summoned to the principal's office to explain the situation. After a bit of a talk, Principal Laird gives the girls the permission to hold a press conference. The conference takes place, but upon being interviewed, Saige is overwhelmed with stage fright, and Dylan answers the reporters' questions in her place.

Principal Laird later tells the girls that there aren't any more funds to hire an art teacher, and that they would need to earn $5000 in six weeks for the art class to start. Mimi suggests a fund drive to be held at the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta, and to have her granddaughter lead the parade in her place as she may not make it in time for the event. Saige worries that she might freak out in front of people, but her father assures her that it will be alright. The four girls take up various odd jobs to earn funds only to be unsuccessful. Dylan suggests a concert at the fiesta, but Saige has doubts about it.

Later at the ranch, Saige and her horse Picasso do a practice run for the parade, but Saige is frustrated as she can't concentrate on the ride. Saige and Gabi are worried that Dylan and Tessa's part for the fundraiser is getting more attention than theirs, and the two agreed to come at Mimi's ranch to further discuss on the matter. Saige and Picasso do another run at the ranch, this time with success as they manage to pull off a gait without being distracted.

The four girls talk about combining their efforts in the fundraiser. Dylan and Tessa argue that they have their plans already set for their part, but Saige disagrees, leading to a confrontation. Saige then tells Tessa that the Tessa she knows would agree with her before flying into a rage against Dylan and accuses her of stealing the spotlight over her efforts, for which she is rejected by Tessa.

Saige tries to talk Mimi into doing artwork, but Mimi says that she can't do things as she did before. Saige suggests coming to the parade but Mimi says that she's not up for it. Saige gets upset and confesses that the arrangements are worse than she has been admitting, but also that the Mimi she knows wouldn't give up, before running off.

Another practice run with Picasso takes place, but when her parents and Gabi show up, Saige is too frustrated to continue, and worries that the fiesta is going to be a disaster. Gabi quickly leaves because Saige says she wanted things to be the same as the year before.

Saige then joins her father on a hot air balloon ride. She later reconciles with Gabi, and apologizes to Mimi about how she got mad at how things turned out. After her horse practice with Luis, Saige goes to Mimi's studio and decides to paint over her horse painting with a painting knife, turning it into an abstract work. Tessa later sees it, and compliments Saige for what she did. Both Saige and Tessa admit to their mistake, reconcile, and agree to work together for the fiesta. Saige also makes amends with Dylan, with the latter apologizing over how she was taking over Saige's fundraiser.

With the Balloon Fiesta taking place, Saige leads the parade in front of onlookers. She is nervous at first, but she eventually overcomes her fears as she performs the scarf trick. The girls later come up with the joint fund-raising art exhibit and concert as previously planned. The show is a success, but the girls are several dollars short of the $5,000 goal. Saige then makes a speech in front of the audience telling them about how important art is to her and to others, receiving a standing ovation. Once some extra money is put into the fundraiser from the audience, the donation goal is reached and with the art program being reinstated the girls rejoice over the news.

Back at the hot air balloon show, Saige, Tessa, Gabi, and Dylan (now all best friends) all ride a hot air balloon Saige designed as the film ends.


"An American Girl: Saige Paints the Sky" was filmed in New Mexico, USA and Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

The film aired on NBC on July 13, 2013. It was released on DVD + Blu-Ray on July 2, 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="43741309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43741309" title="Gabi on the Roof in July">
Gabi on the Roof in July

Gabi on the Roof in July is a 2010 American independent comedy-drama film directed by Lawrence Michael Levine.

Gabi (Sophia Takal), a rambunctious Oberlin undergrad, heads to New York City to spend the summer with her older brother, Sam (Lawrence Michael Levine).


The dialogue in the film is both scripted and improvised.

"Gabi on the Roof in July" has been generally well received by critics. The film currently holds a 73% certified fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 11 reviews. Steve Dollar, writing for "The Wall Street Journal", noted that the film is "wisely observant of human nature as it bounces between the leads, "Gabi" evokes Woody Allen with a more generous heart."

The film premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival on February 27, 2010



</doc>
<doc id="43742204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43742204" title="Live by Night (film)">
Live by Night (film)

Live by Night is a 2016 American crime drama film written, directed, produced by and starring Ben Affleck. Based on the 2012 novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane, the film follows an ambitious Ybor City bootlegger (Affleck) who becomes a notorious gangster. The film also stars Elle Fanning, Brendan Gleeson, Chris Messina, Sienna Miller, Zoe Saldana and Chris Cooper.

Produced by Warner Bros., the film premiered in New York City on December 13, 2016. It began a limited release in the United States on December 25, 2016, before going wide on January 13, 2017. It received mixed reviews and was a box office bomb, grossing $22 million against its net budget of $65 million. The film lost around $75 million, according to insiders and rival studio executives.

In 1926, Joe Coughlin, a World War I veteran of Irish descent and the prodigal son of Boston police captain Thomas Coughlin, falls in love with Emma Gould, the mistress of notorious gangster Albert White, the boss of the Irish Gang of Boston who he has been targeting in a series of robberies. Thomas objects to the relationship and advises Joe against his criminal activities, warning him that his wrongdoing will catch up with him eventually.

White's rival, Italian Mafia boss Maso Pescatore, finds out about their affair and blackmails Joe to kill White. Joe refuses, and instead he and Emma decide to flee to California. To fund the trip, Joe commits a bank heist with his partner Dion Bartolo, during which three police officers are killed in an ensuing chase. When Joe tries to leave with Emma anyway, she lures him into a trap set by White. Joe is brutally beaten by White and his men and nearly killed before Thomas and the police arrive and arrest Joe for the policemen's murders.

Thomas tells Joe that Emma drowned while being pursued by police. He also blackmails Chief Inspector Calvin Bondurant to ensure that Joe is sent to prison on a relatively minor charge rather than murder. Two weeks before Joe's release, Thomas dies of a heart attack. Wanting revenge against White, Joe volunteers his services to Pescatore and is recruited as an enforcer for the latter's rum empire in Ybor City in Tampa, Florida, which is under attack by White. Joe brings Dion along and together they protect Pescatore's business in the area; the boss then sends orders for them to bring gambling and drugs into Tampa. Joe also develops a relationship with Graciela Corrales, the sister of a local Cuban businessman who supplies most of the rum, and they are soon married.

Joe befriends Sheriff Irving Figgis to get police protection for his bootlegging. Irving's daughter Loretta heads to Hollywood to become an actress but instead becomes a heroin-addicted prostitute. Irving's brother-in-law, R. D. Pruitt, a member of the local chapter of the Ku Klux Klan who wants to drive immigrants out of Tampa, starts bombing Joe's clubs and killing his men. Joe promises Irving to help get Loretta off drugs and back to Ybor City in exchange for his betrayal of Pruitt. Joe then murders Pruitt and, in the ensuing mob war with the Klan, he and his men beat or kill enough Klansmen to weaken the group's standing in Florida.

Recognizing that Prohibition will eventually come to an end and unwilling to follow Pescatore's orders to invest in the morally unpleasant narcotics trade, Joe focuses on building a casino near Sarasota. He intends to persuade the state government to legalize gambling, but Loretta, who has become a devout Christian under her father's strict and punishing discipline, begins preaching that alcohol and gambling are against God's word. Her ministry is popular enough that the government decides not to legalize gambling. Joe recognizes that Pescatore will be enraged, particularly since Joe still refuses to invest in narcotics.

During a private meeting in a restaurant, Loretta confides to Joe that she does not truly believe in God and her sins cannot be forgiven. The next day, Joe is despondent to learn that Loretta committed suicide. While visiting his brother-in-law, an amateur photographer, Joe finds a recent picture of Emma, whom he believed to be dead. He decides to pursue her, but only after informing Graciela first, much to Dion's dismay.

Pescatore forms an alliance with White and orders Joe to meet with him at a hotel, intending to have him killed and replaced with his son Digger in retaliation for Joe's recent failures. Anticipating Pescatore's betrayal, Joe distracts White by showing him Emma's picture, as White also believed her to be dead. Dion and his men ambush Pescatore's men through a series of tunnels Joe had previously used to move rum into the hotel. Joe kills White, Pescatore and Digger, eliminating all of his enemies in one stroke. He names Dion as his successor before locating Emma at the brothel she now works at. She relates how she faked her death to escape from White and enjoys her newfound freedom, and claims she never reciprocated Joe's love for her. Satisfied, Joe returns to Graciela.

Joe and Graciela move to Miami, where they have a son, Tommy, and spend their days building houses for the impoverished. Driven insane by Loretta's death, Figgis tracks them down and shoots up their house, killing Graciela before being fatally shot by Joe. Joe arranges for Graciela to be buried in her homeland in Cuba and spends the rest of his days dedicated to charity and to raising Tommy, who soon voices his desire to become a police officer.

Warner Bros. acquired the rights to Dennis Lehane's "Live by Night" in April 2012, with the intention of developing the project as a starring vehicle for Leonardo DiCaprio, through his Appian Way Productions. In October 2012, it was announced that Ben Affleck would direct, write, and star in the film; he and Jennifer Todd would produce through their production company Pearl Street Films, along with Appian Way's DiCaprio and Jennifer Davisson Killoran.

In the summer of 2013, Affleck and film crew members visited Tampa, Florida, and Lawrence, Massachusetts, to scout for locations. In August 2013, it was reported that production would be pushed back from the fall of 2013 to the fall of 2014, due to Affleck's acting commitments in "Gone Girl" (2014) and "" (2016). He visited various locations in Brunswick, Georgia in the summer of 2014. Affleck stated in a September 2014 interview that the film had been green-lit: "It's supposed to start shooting in July [2015] and I'll start prepping in March. We got a budget, we got locations." On September 4, 2014, Sienna Miller, Zoe Saldana and Elle Fanning joined the cast of the film. Affleck visited Brunswick, Georgia, again in February 2015.

On July 9, 2015, Warner Bros.' decision to green-light the film was officially announced. Miller, Saldana and Fanning were all still attached to the project. From August to December 2015, other cast members were gradually revealed, including Chris Messina, Chris Cooper, Miguel, Max Casella, Scott Eastwood (who did not appear in the finished film), Brendan Gleeson, Anthony Michael Hall, and Titus Welliver.

Principal photography began on October 28, 2015, in coastal Georgia. Exterior scenes were filmed in Brunswick, at Affleck's private property on Hampton Island near Riceboro, on Tybee Island, in Savannah, and at Fort Pulaski National Monument. Tampa's film commissioner said tax rebates in both Georgia and Affleck's home on Hampton Island, a 45-minute drive from Brunswick, had led the filmmakers to choose the state instead of Florida. Filming took place in Lawrence, North Andover, and Boston's North End. From December 2015 to February 2016, filming took place in Los Angeles, California. Scenes were shot at the Millennium Biltmore Hotel in Pasadena, and in Wilmington.

Cinematographer Robert Richardson used both the Arri Alexa 65 and vintage 65 lenses from Panavision.

William Goldenberg signed on as the film's editor; he had previously worked with Affleck on "Gone Baby Gone" and "Argo". Harry Gregson-Williams, who previously worked with Affleck on "Gone Baby Gone" and "The Town", composed the score. In March 2016, Affleck remarked: "Editing is a strange process. It's a lot of ups and downs, but overall, the movie has amazing performances. I just got so lucky with the cast. They're incredible ... The hardest part about the process now is trying to find stuff to cut out because I don't want the movie to be too long."

In November 2013, Warner Bros. scheduled the film for a Christmas 2015 release date. In May 2014, the release date was moved to October 7, 2016 and, in August 2015, it was pushed to an unknown release date in 2017. In March 2016, Warner Bros. stated that the film would be released on October 20, 2017. In June 2016, however, the release date was changed to January 13, 2017. In October 2016, the film was pushed up to a limited release on December 25, 2016, before opening wide on January 13.

"Live by Night" grossed $10.4 million in the United States and Canada and $12.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $22.7 million, against a net production budget of $65 million.

Over its first two days of release, the film grossed $49,000 (including $33,000 on its opening day) for a four-theater average of $8,250, finishing 34th at the box office. In North America, the film had its expansion alongside new openers "Monster Trucks", "The Bye Bye Man" and "Sleepless", as well as the wide releases of "Silence" and "Patriots Day". It was expected to gross around $10 million from 2,822 theaters in its four-day MLK opening weekend. It ended up debuting to $5.1 million (a four-day total of $6.2 million), finishing 11th at the box office. "Deadline Hollywood" attributed the film's poor opening to its crowded release weekend, as well as lack of critical praise and award buzz. 54% of its opening weekend attendance was male, while 88% was over the age of 25. The film grossed $1.8 million in its second weekend of wide release (a drop of 64.8%), falling to 15th at the box office.

In its third week of wide release the film was pulled from 94.1% of theaters (2,822 to 163) and grossed just $101,028, marking at the time the largest third-week theater drop in history (besting the 2,523 theater decrease set by "Meet Dave" in 2008); the record was overtaken by "The Darkest Minds" in August 2018. Due to its poor performance, the film is expected to lose Warner Bros. around $75 million.

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 35% based on 225 reviews, and an average rating of 5.24/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Live by Night" boasts visual style and an impressive cast, but they're lost in a would-be crime saga that finds producer, director, and star Ben Affleck revisiting familiar themes to diminishing effect." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score of 49 out of 100, based on 43 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a mixed review, and noted that it felt rushed to completion, saying, "I am a fan of the movies Ben Affleck has directed. That's why "Live by Night" is such a disappointment. I was actively looking forward to it. And I would have given it any benefit of the doubt, but this movie just isn't there. It feels like a rushed project that Affleck had to get out of the way before he plays Batman again." Owen Gleiberman of "Variety" also gave the film a mixed review, writing: "It's like seeing the ghost of a terrific movie: All the pieces are in place, yet as you're watching it (or thinking back on it afterwards), there doesn't seem to be quite enough there."

David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, ""Live by Night" is solid enough entertainment, but it lacks the nasty edge or narrative muscularity to make it memorable." Eric Kohn of IndieWire gave the film a C, writing: "Ultimately, "Live by Night" doesn't suggest Affleck's lost his groove so much as that his groove has its limits. Saddled with derivative material, he can't seem to find a fresh approach."



</doc>
<doc id="43742572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43742572" title="Renegades of the West">
Renegades of the West

Renegades of the West is a 1932 American Western film directed by Casey Robinson and written by Albert S. Le Vino. The film stars Tom Keene, Roscoe Ates, Betty Furness, James Mason and Carl Miller. The film was released on November 25, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43742867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43742867" title="Men of America">
Men of America

Men of America is a 1932 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Ralph Ince and written by Samuel Ornitz and Jack Jungmeyer. The film stars William Boyd, Charles "Chic" Sale, Dorothy Wilson, Ralph Ince and Henry Armetta. The film was released on November 25, 1932, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43744630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43744630" title="The Cheyenne Kid">
The Cheyenne Kid

The Cheyenne Kid is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Robert F. Hill and written by Jack Curtis. The film stars Tom Keene, Mary Mason, Roscoe Ates, Otto Hoffman and Al Bridge. The film was released on January 20, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43746074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43746074" title="Scenes from the Goldmine">
Scenes from the Goldmine

Scenes from the Goldmine is a 1987 American film directed by Marc Rocco.

A female songwriter is invited to join a rock band. She's thrilled at first to be near the rock band's handsome leader. They embark upon an affair until she discovers he is stealing her songs.



</doc>
<doc id="43748954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43748954" title="The Great Jasper">
The Great Jasper

The Great Jasper is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by H.W. Hanemann and Samuel Ornitz. The film stars Richard Dix, Edna May Oliver, Florence Eldridge, Wera Engels and Walter Walker. The film was released on February 17, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43749494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43749494" title="Louder Than Bombs (film)">
Louder Than Bombs (film)

Louder Than Bombs is a 2015 drama film directed by Joachim Trier and starring Jesse Eisenberg, Gabriel Byrne, Isabelle Huppert, David Strathairn, and Amy Ryan. The film was internationally co-produced and was co-written by Trier and Eskil Vogt.

It is Trier's first English-language film. It was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, and was shown in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. It won the Nordic Council Film Prize.

Several years before the events of the film, Isabelle Reed (Isabelle Huppert), a conflict photographer, died in a car crash. In the present, a retrospective of her work and an article about her life and death is being released, putting her widower, Gene (Gabriel Byrne), in a crisis as his younger son, Conrad, who was twelve at the time of Isabelle's death, has no idea that she died by suicide.

Conrad meanwhile is angry, aggressive and seemingly suicidal himself, frequently fantasizing about his mother and her death and obsessing over one of his female classmates. Jonah, Isabelle and Gene's oldest child, comes down to visit his father and Conrad and also go over his mother's work before it is donated to a museum. Though Jonah appears to his father to be the normal, stable one, he refuses to believe that his mother died by suicide and censors her work, deleting some of her photographs which appear to show her having an affair. At the hospital, when his child is being born, Jonah runs into an old girlfriend, Erin, whose mother is dying of cancer. He allows her to believe that his wife also has cancer. Wanting to return home after visiting his father and brother Jonah stops by Erin's house and the two have sex with Jonah telling Erin that he has never told his wife about his mother or the way she died. After the encounter, rather than return home, he goes back to his father's house and lies to his wife telling her that the family needs him more than he expected.

Jonah and Conrad bond, with Conrad allowing Jonah to read portions of his diary which reveal the explanations behind his seemingly odd and random behaviour. Conrad wants to give the diary to Melanie, the girl he has a crush on, but Jonah dissuades him from doing so telling him she will laugh at him. Conrad ignores his brother's advice and prints out his diary, leaving it on Melanie's stoop.

Gene gives Isabelle's work to her old friend Richard, who is the one writing the article, giving him permission to curate her work to see what is personal and what is not. Richard reveals to him that he and Isabelle had an ongoing affair overseas but that she was never interested in continuing the affair at home.

Richard's article comes out earlier than expected and Jonah takes the news poorly. As Gene hasn't had the chance to tell Conrad yet he repeatedly tries to contact him, but Conrad ignores him and goes to a party where he is able to hang out with Melanie. As she is drunk he walks her home. Returning to his own home Conrad asks his father if what the paper said about Isabelle is true. He accepts the news graciously, but tells his father that Jonah is handling the situation badly.

Jonah is unable to return home having avoided his wife and child for a while now, but Gene offers to drive him there. Gene, Conrad, and Jonah drive in the car towards Jonah's home, and Conrad recounts a dream he had in which his mother brought home a baby from overseas who was an old man that was actually Jonah's baby.


On 9 May 2013, Eisenberg, Byrne, and Huppert joined the film, which Trier was set to direct as his English-language debut. On 29 August, the film was postponed indefinitely due to financial problems. On 5 February 2014, Arte France Cinema was on board to finance the film. On 4 September, Strathairn and Ryan joined the cast of the film. On 9 September, Brosnahan joined the film to play Eisenberg's character's ex-girlfriend.

On 21 August 2014, it was reported that the crews started the preparations for the shooting of the film on Northern Boulevard in Bayside, New York. The eight-week of filming began on 4 September 2014, in New York City.

"Louder Than Bombs" received generally positive reviews from critics. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 73% approval rating based on 119 reviews, with an average rating of 6.8/10. The site's consensus says that the film "finds director Joachim Trier using a capable cast in pursuit of some lofty dramatic goals, even if his ambitions occasionally evade his grasp." Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, reports the film has a score of 70 based on 32 reviews.

Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of "The A.V. Club" described the film as "the kind of multi-faceted, ambitious, incompletely resolved American drama that American filmmakers never seem to get around to making: novelistic in subject and structure, but completely cinematic in the way it expresses itself, even if Trier’s camera style never rises to the sophistication of his influences."



</doc>
<doc id="43750446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43750446" title="Sailor Be Good">
Sailor Be Good

Sailor Be Good is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by James Cruze and written by Ethel Doherty, Viola Brothers Shore and Ralph Spence. Starring Jack Oakie, Vivienne Osborne, George E. Stone, Max Hoffman Jr. and Lincoln Stedman, the film was released on March 7, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43751192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43751192" title="Scarlet River">
Scarlet River

Scarlet River is a 1933 American pre-Code Western film directed by Otto Brower, written by Harold Shumate, and starring Tom Keene, Dorothy Wilson, Roscoe Ates, Lon Chaney Jr. and Edgar Kennedy. It was released on March 10, 1933, by RKO Pictures.


Myrna Loy, Joel McCrea, Bruce Cabot and Rochelle Hudson have brief, uncredited cameos in an early scene at the film studio.

The director of photography was Nicholas Musuraca, who later worked with Jacques Tourneur on "Cat People" and "Out of the Past".


</doc>
<doc id="43752353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43752353" title="Sweepings">
Sweepings

Sweepings is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by John Cromwell, written by Lester Cohen, and starring Lionel Barrymore, Eric Linden, William Gargan, Gloria Stuart and Alan Dinehart. It was released on April 14, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

Daniel Pardway builds his Chicago department store, the Bazaar, from nothing into a major success, making him wealthy. After the birth of his fourth child, he is left widowed. He raises his three sons and one daughter the best he can, denying them nothing, dreaming of one day leaving his store in their hands. When they are all adults, he turns to each of his sons in turn (he dismisses his daughter because she is a girl), but all of them prove unwilling or unable to manage the store.


The Daniel Pardway character, played by Lionel Barrymore is based on Marshall Field, American entrepreneur and founder of the Chicago-based department store chain.



</doc>
<doc id="43752732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43752732" title="An Honest Liar">
An Honest Liar

An Honest Liar is a 2014 biographical feature film documentary, directed and produced by Justin Weinstein and Tyler Measom, written by Weinstein, Greg O'Toole and Measom, produced through Left Turn Films, Pure Mutt Productions and Part2 Filmworks, and distributed by Abramorama. The film documents the life of former magician, escape artist, and skeptical educator James Randi, in particular the investigations through which Randi publicly exposed psychics, faith healers, and con-artists. The film also focuses on Randi's relationship with his partner of 25 years, José Alvarez, who at the time of filming, had been discovered to be living under a false identity, calling into question "whether Randi was the deceiver or the deceived."

The film was screened at a number of 2014 film festivals, including the Tribeca Film Festival, Hot Docs, and AFI Docs Festival, where it won the Audience Award for Best Feature. It was released in February 2015.


"An Honest Liar" documents James Randi's early life as a carnival-bound refugee from Toronto who, early on, dedicated himself to learning every trick performed by Harry Houdini, and even improving on some of them. In one of his feats as an escape artist, Randi frees himself from a straitjacket while being hung upside down by his ankles over Niagara Falls.

Age and concerns over the danger of his profession and his health led him to retire from that occupation and seek out not only a new career, but a crusading obsession that makes him a pop cultural fixture by the 1970s: As a scientific skeptic investigator and challenger to pseudoscientific and paranormal claims, which leads him to expose the deceit behind religious faith healers, psychics, and other con artists who exploit the public. Randi becomes a recurring guest on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson", and makes appearances on TV shows such as "Happy Days" and in rock music artist Alice Cooper's 1973 "Billion Dollar Babies" tour, where Randi decapitates Cooper at the end of each performance.

The film spotlights some of the more notable targets investigated and debunked by Randi. One is mentalist Uri Geller, who performed psychic feats on the talk show circuit, such as bending a spoon with minimal contact, and guessing the contents of sealed envelopes and other objects. Randi worked closely with the staff of "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" prior to a 1973 appearance on that program by Geller, who publicly claimed at the time that his acts were performed with genuine psychic ability, and not magic tricks. Randi had "The Tonight Show" staff observe strict controls over the materials that Geller would work with during his appearance to prevent any trickery or cheating by Geller. As a result, Geller was unable to perform any of the feats that he regularly performed on other TV shows. Another target is faith healer Peter Popoff, who during his church revival meetings, demonstrated personal knowledge of people in the audience, such as their names, addresses and illnesses, which he stated was due to the work of God. Randi discovered that the true source of this information was a radio in Popoff's ear with which he was fed information by his wife. Another venture on which Randi embarked had him perpetrating a hoax on the Australian public in which a young man claimed on Australian television to channel the spirit of an ancient seer. The man was in reality Randi's partner, performance artist José Alvarez. In another, Randi had two confederates, mentalist Steve Shaw and actor Michael Edwards, pose as mentalists in a Washington University in St. Louis study that mistakenly confirmed Geller as an actual psychic.

The film also details Randi's longtime relationship with Alvarez, his decision to publicly come out at age 81, and how Alvarez, at the time of filming, had recently been discovered to be living under a false identity, which leads to legal ramifications for the couple.

In 2012 producers Tyler Measom and Justin Weinstein visited James Randi at his home in Plantation, Florida to express interest in filming a documentary about his life. To illustrate their bona fides to him, they gave him copies of their previous documentaries. Randi comments, "When I saw the product that they had turned out, I thought to myself, 'These are the guys. These are the guys that I think I can trust with my life story.'"

The film was funded in part via a campaign Kickstarter, which successfully concluded on February 15, 2013, obtaining $246,989 USD from 3,096 backers, $98,989 more than its goal of $148,000. The film is produced through Left Turn Films, Pure Mutt Productions, and Part2 Filmworks by Tyler Measom and Justin Weinstein, who also directed, and written by Weinstein, Measom and Greg O'Toole. Toole also edited the film. The film's music is produced by Joel Goodman. It is distributed by Abramorama.

"An Honest Liar" was screened at the April 2014 Tribeca Film Festival. It was then screened May 1 and 3, 2014 at Toronto's Hot Docs film festival. It was also screened at the June 2014 AFI Docs Festival in Silver Spring, Maryland and Washington, D.C., where it won the Audience Award for Best Feature. Its wide releases was March 6, 2015.

On November 2, 2014 BBC Four aired the film as an episode of the documentary series "Storyville", under the name: "Exposed: Magicians, Psychics and Frauds".

The film holds a 97% score on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 34 reviews with Critics Consensus "A thoughtful and surprisingly layered documentary enlivened by its subject, "An Honest Liar" serves as a well-deserved tribute to a fascinating life." Geoff Pevere, reviewing the film for "The Globe and Mail", gave the film three out of four stars, calling it "aptly seductive", though he called into question whether the methods Randi used in the case of the Australian hoax were a form of dubious deceit themselves, stating, "The ultimate question in An Honest Liar is whether it’s possible to know so much about the method behind the magic without being fooled into believing your own act."

David Rooney, reviewing the film for "The Hollywood Reporter", thought the film "intriguing", but felt the transition from Randi's investigations to the revelations about Alvarez were too abrupt, and the conclusions lacking full coherence, and summarized the film as "a compelling magic act that loses focus in the big finish when the cloak gets whisked away."

The film was a Critics' Pick of "The New York Times", for which reviewer Jeannette Catsoulis called the film a "jaunty, jovial portrait with a surprising sting in its tail". Catsoulis also called the development of Randi and Alvarez's legal problems to be "moving".

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film a grade of "B", praising Weinstein and Measom's directorial style. Though Roeper thought that the film lost some momentum when exploring the minutiae of the Washington University hoax, and found the shift in focus of the last third of the film to the matter of Jose Alvarez's identity jarring, Roeper stated that Randi deserves a standing ovation for his work, and called the film "an honest portrait" of him.




</doc>
<doc id="43753149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43753149" title="Mille Soya">
Mille Soya

Mille Soya (Buongiorno Italia), () is a 2004 Sri Lankan Sinhala romantic musical film, written, produced and directed by Boodee Keerthisena. The film stars Mahendra Perera, Jackson Anthony, Sanath Gunathilake, Kamal Addararachchi, and Sangeetha Weeraratne. The film was released on 21 October 2004. The film received mostly positive reviews from critics.

The film is Sri Lanka's very first digital film. Shooting of the film was started in 1997 in Naples, Positano in Italy and in Chilaw in Sri Lanka. It is a Sri Lankan-Italian co-production.

The film follows a group of young Sri Lankan musicians who illegally immigrate to Italy in the baggage compartment of a bus and about the lost dreams of Sri Lankan youth living during the Sri Lankan civil war.

The story revolves around a group of young musicians - rock 'n rollers who venerate Bob Marley and wish to become a famous band. But their lives on the lowest rungs of Sri Lankan society, with its poverty and violence, offer them little if no opportunities. Friends returning from Italy talk about the money to be made. But the journey there is not straightforward because it's not legal. The film follows them on their dangerous journey with all its hazards, its comradeship, its tears and laughter, and also death. When in Naples, Italy, the appalling conditions of their day-to-day living, the hard labor, but also the basic human frailties, strengths, loves and hates, are also shown. On returning to Sri Lanka, somehow they seem to be better equipped to survive either in Sri Lanka, or to return to Italy, this time as legal immigrants.





</doc>
<doc id="43753725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43753725" title="Son of the Border">
Son of the Border

Son of the Border is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film directed by Lloyd Nosler and written by Wellyn Totman. The film stars Tom Keene, Julie Haydon, Edgar Kennedy, Lon Chaney, Jr. and David Durand. The film was released on May 5, 1933, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43755313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43755313" title="Battle of the Souls">
Battle of the Souls

Battle of the Souls is a 2007 supernatural Ugandan thriller directed by Matt Bish. It featured in the 28th African Film Festival of Verona (Italy). Dubbed the 'first' Ugawood feature film, it was also Matt's maiden film after returning home to Kampala in 2005 from film school in Amsterdam. He assembled a cast that made film history. It received 10 nominations at the 5th Africa Movie Academy Awards and eventually scooped the awards for Best Visual Effect and Best Supporting Actor.

A young reporter (called Ryan, played by Matthew Nabwiso) loses his girlfriend and job in one day. Then one evening while drinking with his longtime buddies at a bar, he comes across a cash-filled briefcase belonging to a mysterious underworld lord. Greed and conflict over the possession of the money begins to erode their friendship. Depressed and in a vulnerable position, Ryan agrees to join the underworld lord's organisation. Unknown to him, the organisation is actually a cult that sacrifices humans in exchange for wealth and beauty.

With the tagline: "They are here to get you back...", filming started in 2006. The production company was Media Pro, created in February 2005 and under Roger Mugisha, as the Managing Director.


The music score for "Battle of the Souls" was performed by Priscilla Kalibala, a Ugandan artist.

The film was released in cinemas on 29 April 2007 and it has run on local channels like NTV too. It's about 105 minutes long.

The film came during a period when Ugandans were hearing so many stories about people going to the underworld ("under water") to get wealth and therefore had a compelling tale. Matt Bish started writing the movie in 2003 just after Roger Mugisha, leader of the Shadow's Angels, became born again (or "got saved"). He just read about Roger (now a Radio Presenter) in interviews and newspaper articles on the net. Matt is a GOD-fearing man. He was always hoping to have his first feature film and wanted it to have a Christian theme. And it was well-received winning numerous awards. "The film is talking about how people are drawn to the underworld to operate in the dark world, the evil world."


</doc>
<doc id="43756834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43756834" title="State Research Bureau (film)">
State Research Bureau (film)

State Research Bureau, also marketed as S.R.B., is a Ugandan action film directed by Matt Bish. It's a story based on Uganda's dark past and exposes the brutality of the President's secret intelligence police that ran safe houses.

Before 1986, a family tries to flee the troubled country, but are intercepted by state operatives. They meet the notorious Captain Yusuf who runs a safe house (prison). It's the 1980s, but Yusuf's unit reflects the State Research Bureau during the 1970s.

"S.R.B." featured Roger Masaba as the notorious intelligence chief, Joel Okuyo Atiku as James, Cleopatra Koheirwe and Matthew Nabwiso. Also making an appearance is Roger Mugisha, the inspiration for Matt Bish's first film "Battle of the Souls" in which Okuyo and Nabwiso had starred back in 2007.

The film premiered in Kansanga, a suburb of Kampala, Uganda at Wonder World (former Didi's World) on 25 January 2011, the 32nd Anniversary since Idi Amin's Overthrow by Tanzanian armed forces plus Ugandan exiles and an evening just before the 25th Anniversary of the National Resistance Movement's Liberation Day.

In 2013, it swept the inaugural Uganda Film Festival Awards organised by the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), winning in four categories.

One unforgettable line in the movie, though sarcastic, is: "Welcome to Hotel Arua, hahaha!" Although shot mainly in Jinja, Uganda, it was inspired by the stories of real life survivors of the era. The movie starts in Arua where innocent civilians are gunned down, reminiscent of the Ombaci Massacre during the Obote II regime.



</doc>
<doc id="43757796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43757796" title="Journey to Jamaa">
Journey to Jamaa

Journey to Jamaa (also released as Jamaa) is a 2011 Ugandan short film and family drama (about 42 minutes long) based on the true story of two Ugandan AIDS orphans who go on an extraordinary journey and take with them a mysterious box on wheels. Sometimes called "(Road to) Jamaa", it was directed by Michael Landon, Jr. and screenplay written by Brian Bird. It received 3 nominations at the 8th Africa Movie Academy Awards.

After their HIV positive mother's death, Derick and Margaret collect wood and construct a human-length box with wheels. Then, they journey with it from Kampala to Kasangombe in a heartbreaking bid to overcome poverty and experience hope. The journey throws them dangerous experiences on unpredictable Ugandan roads. Their mother's dying wish had set them off on a seemingly impossible journey to find a relative they do not even know.

Before her death, she leaves them an envelope addressed to her sister (their auntie) who is married to a hard-working man living in a distant village called Kasangombe with their kids. Ingeniously, Derick creates a coffin using wood he collected from a rubbish dump and adds luggage bag rollers brought by Margaret. On their journey from Kampala City to their aunt’s place, they are offered a lift by a seemingly kind man (played by Joel Okuyo Atiku) in a truck who is amazed by their "box". He introduces them to a kid he had taken under his wings relaxing at the back and shows them a photo of a house they can possess if they work for him. At night though, Margaret sees a scary dream where their helper is not exactly as kind as he seemed so she runs out of the truck. Derick follows and the boy throws out their coffin before waving. They walk the rest of the distance.

Initially, their uncle (played by Isaac Muwawu) did not want them in his house because he thought they were HIV-infected. Derick overheard him quarrel with his aunt at night and shook Margaret in the morning from another dream (this time beautiful, where both siblings were smiling and enjoying a picnic in a glorious garden with their aunt, uncle, cousins, dead parents and some whites). Derick convinced her to walk away from the home with him but without a reason. 

On the way, Margaret stops and taunts her brother to reveal why they were leaving or else she wouldn’t continue. When he said that he was going to the man who had given them a lift in his truck and work to get a big house like the one in the photo that flew out when they ran, Margaret revealed to him that she had seen a dream the previous night. Derick replied bluntly that her dreams never come true. So when she U-turned in defiance and saw her gleeful aunt coming, she happily ran towards her oblivious of the fact that there was danger lurking. At the T-junction near a bridge, a white Nissan Datsun pick up sped without warning and knocked her into a river, fulfilling the nightmare she had seen a couple of times from the start of the movie. Her uncle helped to pull her out.


The underwater scene alone was shot for 8 hours at the swimming pool of a hotel in Entebbe. Scuba divers were used and a sister to the girl playing Margaret's role was the stuntman in the pool. Oxygen was always ready in case she drowned. The movie was released on 16 October 2011. It's a World Vision Experience, building a better world for children. The two siblings who inspired this movie are HIV free and going on well with their lives today supported by World Vision. 

A year before the film release during Maisha Filmlab 2010, Benjamin Abemigisha also featured as the main kid in "Zebu and the Photo Fish", a short film directed by Zipporah Nyaruri.



</doc>
<doc id="43758493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43758493" title="Man Hunt (1933 film)">
Man Hunt (1933 film)

Man Hunt is a 1933 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Irving Cummings and written by Sam Mintz and Leonard Praskins. The film stars Junior Durkin, Charlotte Henry, Dorothy Davenport, Arthur Vinton and Edward LeSaint. The film was released on May 24, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43760588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43760588" title="Emergency Call (1933 film)">
Emergency Call (1933 film)

Emergency Call is a 1933 American Pre-Code action film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Houston Branch and Joseph L. Mankiewicz. The film stars William Boyd, Wynne Gibson, William Gargan, George E. Stone and Betty Furness. The film was released on June 24, 1933 by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43761781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43761781" title="Before Dawn (film)">
Before Dawn (film)

Before Dawn is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Irving Pichel and written by Garrett Fort. The film stars Stuart Erwin, Dorothy Wilson, Warner Oland, Dudley Digges and Gertrude Hoffman. The film was released on August 4, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

 Dying gangster Joe Valerie (Frank Reicher) reveals the hiding place of a million dollars in loot to his physician Dr. Cornelius (Warner Oland). The sinister Austrian doctor has designs on the money, but must first outwit detective Dwight Wilson (Stuart Erwin) and clairvoyant Patricia Merrick (Dorothy Wilson). The setting is an eerie, possibly haunted house in small town America, where the stash is hidden, and the bodies begin piling up.


TV Guide wrote, "very fast-paced whodunit thanks to Pichel's taut direction, with the added stylistic flair of a glowing deathmask which floats through the mansion's hallways. Penned by Wallace during his stay in Hollywood" ; and The New York Times wrote, "like most of the British author's works, this particular ruddy specimen is blessed with vigor and imagination...There are enough killings and accidental deaths to satisfy the most ardent enthusiasts of such thrillers." 


</doc>
<doc id="43762672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43762672" title="A Good Catholic Girl">
A Good Catholic Girl

A Good Catholic Girl is a Ugandan short film about a Muslim girl's attraction to someone from a different religious affiliation. It was written, produced and directed by Matt Bish. Matthew Nabwiso won the Best Supporting actor award at the 2013 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards for playing "Ahmed" in the film.

Ahmed (a villainous butcher played by Matthew Nabwiso) is interested in a strict Muslim customer's daughter yet she loves someone else, a lowly carpenter (role played by Joel Okuyo Atiku Prynce) who isn't Muslim, which is forbidden (Haram) in their religion. Ahmed tries to rape her, and when she resists, he kills her. But, her lover revenges.


The controversial film questions some Islamic ideologies and portrays religious tensions. It was included in "Africa First: Volume Two", an anthology of five short films from new African filmmakers. Nabwiso scooped the Best Supporting Actor - Drama Award at the inaugural Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards (AMVCA) in Lagos, Nigeria in March 2013 beating four challengers: three Nigerians Osita Iheme, Fabian Adeoye Lojede and Kalu Ikeagwu plus South African Thomas Gumede. He was the only Ugandan nominee in the 26 category competition.


</doc>
<doc id="43764413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43764413" title="The Big Brain">
The Big Brain

The Big Brain is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Sy Bartlett and Warren Duff. The film stars George E. Stone, Phillips Holmes, Fay Wray, Minna Gombell and Lilian Bond. The film was released on August 5, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43765417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43765417" title="Guardians of the Lost Code">
Guardians of the Lost Code

Guardians of the Lost Code (Spanish: "Brijes 3D") is a 2010 animated adventure film, created by Ricardo González Duprat. distributed by Videocine. the developer of television and animated: Santo Domingo Animation.

During a field trip to the history museum, students Freddy, Atzi, and Kimo discover a stone disk called the Codex in a storage room, and the Brije within it reveal to them that they are the three people chosen to restore the ancestral alliance between humans and brijes, an alliance that was fractured with the emergence of science and technology.

The brijes are magical animal spirits that have been in contact with human beings since the beginning of time. Every human had a brije; the human cared for his brije and vice versa. When the human turned 13, a human shaman taught both partners a bonding technique that allowed them to synchronize and transform into a warrior form, gaining extraordinary strength to perform various acts of heroism. Unfortunately, with the birth of modern science and technology, this union was slowly severed as humans stopped believing in magic, with tragic results. The Brije in the Codex created and sealed themselves within it to protect the knowledge of the warrior form bonding technique from the forces of darkness that seek it.

To fulfill this mission, the Codex presents the chosen ones with their respective brijes (Hopper, Cloko and Bri) and shows them clues that will lead them to find the missing piece of the same to activate it, all while fighting against the forces of darkness.

They are helped by three deities named Quetzalcoatl, Ra and Chu Jung.

This Mexican-American animated adventure film using both traditional animation and computer animation, produced by Santo Domingo Animation and directed by Benito Fernández his directorial debut. The pre-production work was done in Toon Boom Storyboard Pro (animatics and storyboards). The post-production was done in Adobe After Effects (compositing and visual effects), Adobe Photoshop (background art), Autodesk Maya (computer animation), DigiCel FlipBook (rough animation), Pencil and Paper (hand drawn animation) and Toon Boom Harmony (digital ink-and-paint) to uses of hybrid of 2D animation and 3D animation.

The film's original score was composed by Juan Manuel Langarica. notable songs also uses several scenery tracks such as "Sweet Dreams Are Made Of This 91' Remix" by Eurythmics, "Puttin On The Ritz" by Taco Ockerse, "Oh Yeah" by Yello, "Blitzkreig Bop" by Ramones, "Godzilla" by Blue Oyster Cult and "AbraCadabra" by Steve Miller Band credits only.

This film was released in Mexico on September 16, 2010.

Not many critics reviewed this film, but the ones who did gave generally mixed to negative reviews. A negative review came from Common Sense Media, who gave it two stars out of five. However, the film has a score of 5.7 out of 10 stars on IMDb, indicating a more mixed response as may the movie had a bad animation in process.


</doc>
<doc id="43765633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43765633" title="No Marriage Ties">
No Marriage Ties

No Marriage Ties is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by Arthur Caesar, H.W. Hanemann, Sam Mintz. The film stars Richard Dix, Elizabeth Allan, Doris Kenyon, Alan Dinehart and David Landau. The film was released on August 8, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43767917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43767917" title="Midshipman Jack">
Midshipman Jack

Midshipman Jack is a 1933 American pre-Code action film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Frank Wead and F. McGrew Willis. The film stars Bruce Cabot, Betty Furness, Frank Albertson, Arthur Lake, and Florence Lake. The film was released on September 22, 1933, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43769332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43769332" title="Flaming Gold">
Flaming Gold

Flaming Gold is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Ralph Ince and written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan and John F. Goodrich. The film stars William Boyd, Pat O'Brien, Mae Clarke, Rollo Lloyd and Helen Ware. The film was released on September 29, 1933, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43771698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43771698" title="Headline Shooter">
Headline Shooter

Headline Shooter is a 1933 American pre-Code drama about the life of a newsreel photographer. Director Otto Brower intertwined the screenplay written by Agnes Christine Johnston, Allen Rivkin, and Arthur Kober, with actual newsreel footage of natural and man-made disasters. The film starred William Gargan, Frances Dee, Ralph Bellamy, and Jack LaRue.

Bill Allen (William Gargan) and his friend, Mike (Wallace Ford) are newsreel photographers who have a friendly rivalry, each willing to do whatever it takes to get the better footage of a story. When covering a beauty contest, Bill plans to rig the results by bribing the judges, thus enabling him to get the scoop on his rival cameramen, and already have pictures of the winner. While covering the event, he meets a reporter, Jane Mallory (Frances Dee), who is a straight arrow, in contrast to the loose women that Bill seems to attract. A professional rivalry simmers between the two, and when they both cover an earthquake in California, Bill begins to fall for Jane. Jane rebuffs his advances, letting Bill know that she has a fiancé down in Mississippi, a banker by the name of Hal Caldwell (Ralph Bellamy).

As time goes by, they continue to run into each other. Eventually, Jane begins to reciprocate Bill's affection, but his reputation as a womanizer makes her continue to resist. At one point, Bill is trying to get her to break off her engagement to Hal, and marry him instead, and just as she begins to weaken, he hears of a huge fire back in New York, and rushes off, leaving her in the lurch. After he leaves, Jane sends word to her boss that she is quitting, and heads down to Mississippi to marry Hal.

At the fire, he meets up with his friend Mike, but the meeting ends tragically, when Mike is killed in the fire, attempting to get the perfect shot. Disconsolate over losing both his girl and his best friend, he intends to resign his job, until his boss sends him down to Mississippi to cover the failure of a levee, which has led to massive flooding. While covering the flood, Bill uncovers the corruption which led to the faulty construction of the levee, resulting in the levee's failure. He also begins to win back the affection of Jane. He heads back to New York with the footage.

When Jane and Hal realize that a friend of theirs, Judge Beacon (Henry Walthall), is the father-in-law of the person responsible for the corruption, they rush off to New York, where they attempt to get Bill to destroy the evidence implicating their friend. He doesn't, and when the newsreel comes out, the Judge commits suicide in disgrace. Jane resolves to return to Mississippi with Hal, but she can't resist covering one more story, that of taking the confession of a gangster's moll. When the story is published, Jane is kidnapped by the gangster. Bill realizes his own contact in the crime world, Ricci (Jack LaRue), will know where they have taken, and dupes Ricci into revealing where she is being held. Bill and Hal rush to her rescue, arriving at the same time as the police. Ever the newsman, during the ensuing siege and shootout, Bill manages to get some excellent footage for the newsreels. Jane realizes that she is truly in love with Bill, and agrees to marry him, which is caught by the newsreel cameras. Hal returns to his very staid life in Mississippi.

In early March 1933, RKO announced that they were producing a film about two newsreel cameramen, originally titled "News Reel", Harold Shumate was supposed to be the screenwriter. Later that month, on March 23, RKO further announced that Sarah Y. Mason and William Ulman, Jr. had been chosen to collaborate on the screenplay. The two had earlier worked on another film, "Hock Shop".

In April, it was announced that two cameramen from the Pathe' newsreel group were being brought in to consult on the film, still tentatively titled, "News Reel". Further Pathe participation was developed when Jack Connolly, Pathe News general manager was flown to Hollywood to consult on the picture. On April 25, RKO announced that the film, now no longer being called "News Reel", but simply an untitled film about the news reel business, would begin filming in early May.

RKO announced on May 1, 1933, that Eric Linden had been chosen to be cast in the film. Also at the beginning of May it was announced that RKO was changing the title of the film from "News Reel" to "Headline Shooters". In mid-May, it was announced that Helen Mack was cast to star in the film, although by the beginning of June she had already been replaced by Frances Dee. Dorothy Burgess, Hobart Cavanaugh, Mary MacLaren, June Brewster, and Gregory Ratoff were announced as members of the cast by RKO on May 23, 1933.

"Variety" listed the title of the film as "Headline Shooters" on June 6, and as being in its 4th week of filming. The cast was as listed in the cast list in this article, however Arthur Kober had not been given credit at that point. As late as July 8, the film was still being referred to as "Headline Shooters", and was even referred to in this way after release, as per a listing in the "Motion Picture Herald" on August 5. Filming was completed and editing begun on the film by mid-July 1933. The film was released under the title, "Headline Shooter" on July 28, 1933.

"Variety" gave the film a positive review, calling the action "swift moving", and in particular praising the skill at which the original newsreel footage was integrated into the film. "Silver Screen" called the film "amusing", with "swift action and many laughs", while "Photoplay" said the film was a "Brand new idea packed with interest, and applauded the performances of Bellamy, Ford and LaRue. "Modern Screen" gave it a fair review, although they praised the performance of Gargan. The Film Daily, gave it an okay review, calling it "fairly entertaining", but criticizing the film's story.



</doc>
<doc id="43771725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43771725" title="Cream (film)">
Cream (film)

Cream is a feature film starring Bruce Jones and Jack Marsden. The film was written and directed by Asa Bailey.

The film follows a retired Sergeant Major called Ron Harris. Having a bad leg due to diabetes complications, Ron is forced to receive help from various care workers after losing his wife in a tragic accident.

Filming took place during April 2014 in and around the seaside town of Llandudno in North Wales.


</doc>
<doc id="43772170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43772170" title="Chance at Heaven">
Chance at Heaven

Chance at Heaven is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Julien Josephson and Sarah Y. Mason. The film stars Ginger Rogers, Joel McCrea, Marian Nixon, Andy Devine and Lucien Littlefield. The film was released on October 27, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

An ambitious mechanic is tempted to desert his wonderful girlfriend when a silly but rich debutante falls for him.

Marje is in love with Blackie, the owner of a local garage. Blackie says he loves Marje, but Marje knows that Blackie is truly in love with Glory. Marje tells Blackie to follow his heart and marry Glory.

Much to the great dismay of her very wealthy mother, Glory and Blackie elope and settle into Blackie's bungalow. The newlyweds are happy and an unlikely friendship develops between Glory and Marje.

One day, Glory learns that she is pregnant. Seizing the opportunity, Glory's mother spirits her off to New York so that she can be better cared for while in her delicate condition. The visit to New York turns from weeks into months. Finally, Blackie can wait no longer to see his wife when he learns from Marje that Glory isn't coming home, but is instead going to Los Angeles.

Blackie arrives at the nearly empty New York apartment just as Glory and her mother are about to leave. Glory's mother tells Blackie that he shouldn't have come, explaining that Glory has changed. When Glory enters the room, she is distant. She tells Blackie that the marriage was a mistake and wants a divorce. When Blackie asks about the baby, Glory coldly states that the small town doctor was wrong and that she was never pregnant.

A despondent Blackie returns home to his bungalow and finds that Marje is there and has made his favorite dinner. The two state their love for each other. It is implied that now Blackie can truly love Marje and that she will marry him.



</doc>
<doc id="43773963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43773963" title="Aggie Appleby, Maker of Men">
Aggie Appleby, Maker of Men

Aggie Appleby, Maker of Men is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich and written by Humphrey Pearson and Edward Kaufman. The film stars Charles Farrell, Wynne Gibson, William Gargan, ZaSu Pitts, Betty Furness and Blanche Friderici. The film was released on November 3, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

Agnes Appleby (Wynne Gibson), waitress at Nick's Restaurant, gets into a mass fight and escapes with friend Red Branaham (William Gargan). The fight was about her honor. They live together, but the money isn't coming in, as it should. Red Branaham is caught by the police and put into jail. Her Landlady, Mrs. Spence (Jane Darwell), sets her on the street, as she's not able to pay back the rent, she owes her. So she goes to her friend Sybby 'Sib' (ZaSu Pitts), cleaning lady in a boarding house or hotel. She puts her in a room of a man, who's not expected for some time, so that she can sleep some hours. The man, Adoniram 'Schlumpy' Schlump (Charles Farrell) comes back home earlier, than what Sybby told him and finds Aggie in his bed.
She pretends to be a socialite, from the family of the Appleby's, but pitiful, she is broke. He is a gentlemen, very much in love with a lady, Evangeline (Betty Furness), whose letter he's expecting very urgently, beside, he's looking for a job, though he comes from an institution of a family, the Schlumps.

Aggie calls him "an old goose", before she starts her program of remodeling. And helping him finding a job, in the construction site on the other side of the road, she pretends he is Red Branaham. While they are remodeling each other, the true Red Branaham comes out of jail. 
Schlump asks Aggie to marry him, but she's not sure whether she still loves Red, and she fears that their different social and cultural background could become a problem. Auntie (Blanche Friderici) and Evangeline pop up at his room, so that Aggie has to pretend to be a maid. 
Sybby tells her: No, you can't be in love with two men, at the same time, one is an indigestion!
While Agnes sends away Schlumpy, because she is not the right social level for him, convinced that Evangeline is the right one, she finally convinces Red to marry her and become floor walker and change his name into Schlump, he accepting and saying "but my men hood is gone". The status quo of how society stratums are and have to be, is restored, because Aggie tells the men how it has to be.



</doc>
<doc id="43774389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43774389" title="Treacle Jr.">
Treacle Jr.

Treacle Jr. is a British 2011 film written and directed by Jamie Thraves and starring Aidan Gillen, Tom Fisher, and Riann Steele. It was filmed on location in Southwark, London, England, United Kingdom.

The film opens with a man (Tom Fisher) sitting eating breakfast with his family. He drives away from his house to Birmingham New Street station, where he boards a train; he gets off in London. He has probably been walking around all day, because it is nighttime when we see him finding a spot outside a shop and laying down to sleep. When he wakes up the next day, he goes to the park, where he throws his smart phone into a lake, opens his wallet, destroys his bank cards and throws them in the bin (along with his wallet with a family photo, but then he returns to retrieve it) and puts the money in his back pocket.

That night, he is sitting drinking cans of beer on a bench in the park, where he is mistaken for a gay man by a gang of youths; he tries to get away, but ends up running into a tree, knocking himself out.

He awakes the next morning and goes to A&E, while sitting in the waiting room, he hears a man (Aidan Gillen) talking loudly and disturbing the receptionist, the man then takes a seat next to Tom and starts to talk to him, asking him his name, he is then called through to see a doctor. Tom is next seen walking away from the hospital, but Aidan catches him up and proceeds to follow him.

Next, we see Tom and Aidan walking through a graveyard, Aidan tells Tom that he needs to go to the toilet, so he goes to urinate behind a tree, Tom, seeing his chance to escape, runs away from Aidan, while running, he is stopped in his tracks when he spots a couple having sex against one of the gravestones, he carries on running but accidentally runs into Aidan again. They carry on walking, when Tom suddenly faints, Aidan decides to take him back to his flat.

At Aidan’s flat, Aidan gives Tom a beer. While they are talking, Aidan's 'girlfriend' Linda (Riann Steele) comes home. Upon her arrival, Tom is shocked to discover (unbeknownst to her) that she is the woman he saw having sex in the graveyard with another man. She is not pleased that Aidan hardly made any money that day, so she punches him in the face, then she tells him to throw Tom (who she calls Lurch, in reference to the character from "The Addams Family") out of the flat.

Tom leaves and goes to buy a cup of tea from a street vendor. He reaches for some money to pay, but his pocket is empty, so he goes back to the flat. Linda opens the door, he asks her if she has seen his money, but she says 'No', so he politely asks if he can come in and have a look around. Linda refuses and tells him to go away. As Tom walks away, Linda looks through the curtain on the door and smirks.

Tom goes back on the streets, he is seen begging various people for money. One man is kind enough to give him some change, so he uses it to buy a cup of tea from a café. While he is sitting there, the door burst open and in comes Aidan with a cat carrier. He asks the woman at the counter if he could talk to the manager about rats, hoping to release the cat to catch them (and make some cash). The manager lets him through to the back, but Tom spots the man throwing Aidan out into the back alley. Tom runs out of the shop and hears Aidan being beaten up, so he goes to investigate. He finds Aidan and tries to check if Aidan has a concussion. While they are talking, Aidan suddenly jumps up, realizing that the cat (Treacle), who belongs to one of Aidan’s elderly neighbors is missing. They go in search of the cat, eventually finding it dead... They then go to a pet shop and buy a kitten (which Aidan names Treacle Jr) and attempt to give it to the old lady who was the owner of the original cat, but she yells at them, telling them to go away, calling Aidan a 'F***** retard'.

Aidan takes Tom to a music shop where he shows him his dream drum kit that he is saving up for. As they walk away from the shop, Tom starts to get annoyed by Aidan and eventually tells him to leave him alone and takes off.

Tom is seen on the steps of the town hall, feeling depressed, he opens his wallet and takes out a picture of him with his family, when he does, a bank card falls out from behind the picture, Tom picks it up and rushes away to a cash machine.

Tom goes back to Aidan's flat, where he apologizes, Aidan accepts and Tom asks him if he can stay for a while and offers him 200 quid up from to rent the top bunk bed in Aidan's room (it is not clear how many months this money will get him, but the amount seems huge to Aidan). Aidan then tells Linda Tom is moving in and has paid 100 pounds up front (keeping 100 for himself to go towards his drumset savings), so Tom, Linda and Aidan then celebrate with a little party, Linda celebrating the income, Aidan celebrating the welcome company of a friend, Tom celebrating their acceptance, etc. During the party, when Aidan is drunk, Linda discovers that Aidan has received 200 pounds and not just the 100 he had stated earlier. She is annoyed that she didn't know about Aidan’s keeping the extra money, but also realizes that Tom is, in her own words, "Mr. Moneybags" and a possible source of easy income. She finds Tom in the Kitchen, starts acting nice to him, tries to come on to him and then masturbates him, though against Tom's wishes. Tom is upset, put off, and wordlessly leaves the kitchen to go to bed. Linda realises this maneouvre has not exactly won him over.

The next day, Aidan takes Tom to visit the Horniman Museum, where they enjoy the natural history and musical instruments collections, and have fun making music in a section with instruments for the public's use.

Another day, Aidan goes to his savings account and takes out all his savings, but is spotted with the wad of money by the man Linda was having sex with in the graveyard (apparently a drug dealer, according to the movie credits, and who has possibly been following him since he left the house). As Aidan is walking home, he gets jumped from behind by the drug dealer, who steals the money Tom had given Aidan, actually all of Aidan's savings. Tom finds out what happened to Aidan and realizes from the description Aidan gives him that it was Linda's friend. Linda returns home with bags full of designer clothes. Tom then tells Aidan that Linda stole his money. Aidan shouts at Linda and she hits him and kicks him to the floor. While she is attacking him, Tom shouts "Leave him alone!", Leave him alone!", Linda tells him to shut up or she'll get one of her friends to cut his f*****g head off. Tom grabs a knife from the side and threatens Linda. He tells her that he'll kill her if she doesn't leave Aidan alone, grabbing her by the neck. In shock, Linda has an asthma attack. Aidan tries to get her inhaler, but he drops it and kicks it under the fridge, and Linda looks like she is going to choke to death as they scramble to get it back.

She recovers, but then Aidan kicks Linda out of the flat, which was apparently his, although it had seemed throughout that the flat was hers because of her domineering manner.

Final day, Aidan goes back to the music shop to see the drum kit he wants, but when he gets there, he finds out that it has been sold. Upset, Aidan goes home, finds the house empty, Tom gone and his key on the kitchen table, which makes him sit down to cry. But then he goes into his bedroom, where he finds the drum kit with a note from Tom, telling him that he bought it for him as a 'Thank you'. The film ends with Aidan happily playing the drums, Tom (we only see the view from Tom's eyes, through the camera) walks to a train platform and boards the train home.


Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave the film three out of five stars, writing, "A low-key portrait of a south-east London odd-job man with a big performance by Aidan Gillen, and the return of promising film-maker Jamie Thraves." 
It currently holds an 83% positive review on Rotten Tomatoes.



</doc>
<doc id="43775237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43775237" title="If I Were Free">
If I Were Free

If I Were Free is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Elliott Nugent and written by Dwight Taylor, based on the play, "Behold, We Live" by John Van Druten. The film stars Irene Dunne, Clive Brook, Nils Asther and Henry Stephenson. The film was released on December 1, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

A suicidal World War I veteran and an antique dealer, both of whom are married to different people, embark on a love affair. 



</doc>
<doc id="43776870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43776870" title="Keep 'Em Rolling">
Keep 'Em Rolling

Keep 'Em Rolling is a 1934 American drama film, directed by George Archainbaud from a screenplay by Albert Shelby Le Vino and F. McGrew Willis. It starred Walter Huston and Frances Dee and the men of the US Army 16th Field Artillery. Filmed partially at Fort Myer, VA, during WW I, the story revolves around the field artillery horse named Rodney and his soldier, Benny Walsh (played by Walter Huston). The movie is based on the short story "Rodney" written by Leonard Hastings Nason that appeared in January 21, 1933, issue of the Saturday Evening Post magazine.


</doc>
<doc id="43778402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43778402" title="Dragoon Wells Massacre">
Dragoon Wells Massacre

Dragoon Wells Massacre is a 1957 American CinemaScope DeLuxe Color Western film directed by Harold D. Schuster starring Barry Sullivan, Dennis O'Keefe, Mona Freeman and Katy Jurado.

Wagons converge in the middle of nowhere. One is carrying Army captain Matt Riordan, the only survivor of an ambush by Chief Yellow Claw and his Apache braves. Another is a prison wagon carrying accused killer Link Ferris and a second man, known as Tioga, to town for trial, escorted by Marshal Bill Haney.

A stagecoach turns up next, owned by Jonah McAdam and carrying Matt's former sweetheart, Ann Bradley, with her new beau, wealthy Philip Scott, as well as Mara Fay, an entertainer. The passengers are warned that Yellow Claw is in the area. Link and Tioga have their shackles removed so they can assist the others when the Apaches attack.

Matt discovers that McAdam is smuggling weapons to the Indians illegally. At a relay station, a young girl is the only one left after the Apaches have burned it to the ground. Ann looks after her while Tioga sacrifices his life to save the child. Matt falls in love with Mara and joins forces with Link to defeat the raiders. For his help, Link is granted his freedom by Haney. As he rides away, Link is followed by Ann.


Parts of the film were shot in Kanab Canyon, Johnson Canyon, the Gap, and the Kanab movie fort in Utah.

Time Out called it "a highly enjoyable film, magnificently shot by William Clothier and with a surprisingly tight, inventive script by Warren Douglas ".





</doc>
<doc id="43780193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43780193" title="The Man Is Armed">
The Man Is Armed

The Man Is Armed is a 1956 film noir crime film directed by Franklin Adreon starring Dane Clark, William Talman, May Wynn and Robert Horton.

Framed by another man, truck driver Johnny Morrison serves a year in prison. After his release, Johnny confronts the man, Mitch Mitchell, who plunges off a roof to his death.

Johnny then learns that his former employer, Hackett, was the one who set him up as a fall guy. Hackett claims it was a test of loyalty, and since Johnny passed, he now stands to earn $100,000 for helping Hackett pull off the robbery of an armored transport company.

Johnny's old girlfriend, Carol Wayne, still has feelings for him, even though she has been seeing Mike Benning, a young doctor. While the death of Mitchell is investigated by police Lt. Coster as a homicide, Johnny and three other thugs pull off the heist.

Unable to get the loot to Hackett due to roadblocks, Johnny hides out. Hackett, believing he has been double-crossed, shoots Johnny and buries the money on his family farm, but the police catch up to him. A wounded Johnny knocks out Mike and abducts Carol, but collapses and dies after a few steps. Mike leads Carol away as the cops arrive.





</doc>
<doc id="43780833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43780833" title="Wednesday's Child (film)">
Wednesday's Child (film)

Wednesday's Child is a 1934 American drama film directed by John S. Robertson and written by Willis Goldbeck, based on the 1934 play "Wednesday's Child" by Leopold L. Atlas. The film stars Karen Morley, Edward Arnold, Frankie Thomas, Robert Shayne and Frank Conroy. The film was released on October 26, 1934, by RKO Pictures. The play was later adapted to film again as the 1946 RKO film "Child of Divorce".

Ten-year-old Bobby (Frankie Thomas) and a group of friends see Bobby's mother (Karen Morley) kissing a man not her husband. Despite serious concerns about Bobby, a divorce ensues and Bobby, although thoroughly disenchanted with his mother, is sent away with her where month after month despite all her efforts he grows more depressed, dreaming of reunification with his beloved father (Edward Arnold). On returning to his father at vacation, he finds him preoccupied with an impending second marriage. Bobby suffers a serious breakdown but is nevertheless packed off to military school. Later, visiting the school, his parents overhear Bobby and his roommate, also a child of divorce, discussing how they are on their own now. With the mother's blessing, the father decides to cancel his upcoming marriage and take Bobby back home where the two of them can live together happily.



</doc>
<doc id="43781111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43781111" title="Lightning Strikes Twice (1934 film)">
Lightning Strikes Twice (1934 film)

Lightning Strikes Twice is a 1934 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes from a screenplay by Joseph A. Fields and John Grey. It stars Ben Lyon, Thelma Todd, and Pert Kelton. A print is held by the Library of Congress.




</doc>
<doc id="43781552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43781552" title="Guidance (film)">
Guidance (film)

Guidance is a Canadian dark comedy film, which premiered at the 2014 Toronto Film Festival on September 5, 2014 as part of the Discovery program.

The full-length directorial debut of Pat Mills, the film stars Mills as David Gold, a down on his luck former child star who fabricates his credentials to take a job as a high school guidance counsellor. An unrecovered alcoholic and drug addict troubled by his faded success and in deep denial about both his closeted gay sexuality and his health following a skin cancer diagnosis, he becomes unexpectedly popular with the students after his habit of introducing them to his own deeply unhealthy coping mechanisms actually helps many of them solve their own problems.

The film's cast also includes Kevin Hanchard, Alex Ozerov, Jen Goodhue, Maria Vacratsis, Eleanor Zichy and Allison Hossack. It has been picked up by Strand Releasing for distribution in the United States.

Mills, a former child actor who appeared on the television series "You Can't Do That on Television" in the 1980s, drew inspiration both from the troubled history of many child actors and from a desire to subvert the conventions of the stereotypical coming out narrative. He describes David Gold as an "alter ego" who faces some of the same insecurities that Mills had dealt with in his own life, but has much more dysfunctional ways of coping with them.

"Guidance" has received positive reviews from critics upon its release. "IndieWire" called it "a must see and a moving laugh-out-loud romp from start to finish". "Variety" gave the film a positive review, stating that it was a "delightful debut" and "The modest pic's laughs get bigger as it goes along, and so does its surprising warmth". "The Los Angeles Times" called it "a creative hat-trick of wildly amusing proportions". Allmovie wrote "the writer-director's premiere effort announces him as a major new onscreen talent and a fresh and welcome comedic voice." It was reviewed as a "New York Times" Critics' Pick upon its release. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 88% based on 16 reviews.


</doc>
<doc id="43782855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43782855" title="Hot Tip">
Hot Tip

Hot Tip is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and James Gleason from a screenplay by Hugh Cummings, Olive Cooper, and Louis Stevens, based on William Slavens McNutt's short story, "Leander Clicks", which had been published in the August 1928 edition of "Red Book Magazine". Gleason also starred in the film, along with ZaSu Pitts, Margaret Callahan, and Russell Gleason (James' son). It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 6, 1935.

Belle McGill is unaware of husband Jimmy's gambling problem. First he loses $100 at the racetrack and vows never to place another wager. Then he persuades future son-in-law Ben to bet on a sure thing, Leadpipe, but gets a tip on another horse just before the race, bets Ben's money on that instead, then watches Leadpipe win.

In danger of losing his business, if not his family, Jimmy delays paying off Ben, who excitedly believes his horse was the winner. Unbenknowst to all, Belle has been making bets of her own. When a horse called Honey Girl comes along, Belle and Jimmy risk everything they have, and they come out winners.



</doc>
<doc id="43783191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43783191" title="You Can't Fool Your Wife">
You Can't Fool Your Wife

You Can't Fool Your Wife is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Jerome Cady. The film stars Lucille Ball, James Ellison, Robert Coote, Virginia Vale, Emma Dunn and Elaine Shepard. The film was released on May 21, 1940, by RKO Pictures.

Young married couple Andrew Hinklin and Clara Hinklin née Fields, who were college sweethearts, are well matched: both are unexciting and unmotivated, only wanting to carve out a plain, simple uninteresting life for themselves. Their marriage is not helped by Clara's opinionated mother living with them in their small one bedroom apartment. However, Clara does wish that their life would be a little more exciting as Andrew said on their honeymoon that their married life would be, least of all by Andrew acknowledging their latest wedding anniversary, their fifth. Clara's wish takes an unexpected turn when Andrew, at work, is assigned to show the visiting Mr. Battingcourt Jr. - the younger half of the head of their London office and who is majority shareholder of their accounting firm - a good time while he's in the US. "Batty" as he is affectionately called by his friends is a party animal, and Andrew, who Batty rechristens "Hinky", feels he has to party along all in the name of job security.

Clara feels that she is losing her stable husband Andrew to Hinky the party animal. Feeling he is partly to blame for the Hinklins' marital problems, Batty advises Clara that she can make herself more exciting to Hinky by changing her demeanor and appearance, more like Mercedes Vasquez, a beautiful and exciting woman who Clara could resemble if made up correctly. Clara agrees to Batty's plan to come to one of their parties masquerading as exotic Latina Dolores Alvaradez, to woo Hinky and thus ultimately show him that she can be exotic like he probably now wants. Complications ensue when others find out about Batty's scheme and when Mercedes Vasquez also attends that party leading to a few mistaken identities.


John Farrow briefly took over direction during the shoot when director McCarey fell ill.


</doc>
<doc id="43783532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43783532" title="Smartest Girl in Town">
Smartest Girl in Town

Smartest Girl in Town is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley, written by Viola Brothers Shore, and starring Gene Raymond, Ann Sothern, Helen Broderick, Eric Blore, Erik Rhodes and Harry Jans. It was released on November 27, 1936, by RKO Pictures.

Model "Cookie" Cooke (Ann Sothern) is urged by her unsatisfactorily married practical older sister Gwen (Helen Broderick) to find a wealthy husband. On a modeling assignment she runs into millionaire Dick Smith (Gene Raymond), but assumes him to be a low-earning male model. Dick falls in love with her, but she insists on dating eccentrically mannered Italian aristocrat Baron Enrico (Erik Rhodes). Dick installs another mannered character, his valet Philbean (Eric Blore) in the position of a casting agency president who would then pair Cookie on the same pre-arranged modeling jobs with Dick. Ultimately, Baron Enrico, who is so obsessed with birds that he cannot concentrate on romance long enough to propose, is goaded by Gwen into presenting Cookie with an engagement ring. Forced to act fast, Dick pretends to have attempted suicide by a gunshot to the head and asks Cookie to marry him on his deathbed, but she tastes the "ketchup blood" on his face and then embraces him.


RKO Pictures was also the studio which produced the Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers series of films, thus "Smartest Girl's" comic supporting players, Helen Broderick, Eric Blore and Erik Rhodes, all had prominent roles in the previous year's Astaire-Rogers hit, "Top Hat". Furthermore, two months before "Smartest Girl's" release, Blore and Broderick were seen in the dancing duo's very successful 1936 effort, "Swing Time" and, the previous year, had been in another RKO musical comedy, "To Beat the Band". As for Blore and Rhodes, both had earlier appeared in the first Astaire-Rogers vehicle, 1934's "The Gay Divorcee" and also interacted as comedy relief in two other RKOs, the 1935 musical "Old Man Rhythm" and the 1936 murder mystery "Two in the Dark".

One additional Astaire-Rogers title for RKO, the pair's initial teaming as supporting players in 1933's "Flying Down to Rio", starred Gene Raymond (with leading lady Dolores del Rio) and included Eric Blore as the typically mannered assistant hotel manager, Mr. Butterbass. Blore also supported Raymond in two other films, the 1934 Paramount drama "Behold My Wife!" (minor role as Benson, the butler) and the 1935 RKO mystery-comedy "Seven Keys to Baldpate" (third-billed, after co-star Margaret Callahan, in the key role of Harrison who masqueraded as Professor Bolton). The same year, Blore sported a French accent playing a major, fourth-billed role, in the musical comedy "Folies Bergère de Paris", with top-tier stars Maurice Chevalier, Merle Oberon and "Smartest Girl"'s Ann Sothern.

The last of the five 1935–37 RKO vehicles for Gene Raymond and Ann Sothern was "She's Got Everything", with third-billed Victor Moore and fourth-billed Helen Broderick. In addition to the two films with Raymond and Sothern, Broderick also supported Raymond in three other RKO romantic comedies, 1936's "Love on a Bet" (third-billed, after co-star Wendy Barrie) and "The Bride Walks Out" (fifth-billed, after the other two leads, Barbara Stanwyck and Robert Young and supporting player Ned Sparks) as well as 1937's "The Life of the Party", a Joe Penner vehicle, with Raymond as co-star and, for comedy support, Parkyakarkus, Harriet Hilliard, Victor Moore and Broderick. It was the third of six RKO films in which was teamed with Victor Moore. In addition to the Astaire-Rogers "Swing Time" and the Raymond-Sothern "She's Got Everything", they were given two 1937 B-picture starring vehicles, "We're on the Jury" and "Meet the Missus", as well as roles among the numerous players in the following year's Bob "Bazooka" Burns–Jack Oakie-Kenny Baker musical comedy, "Radio City Revels".



</doc>
<doc id="43783791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43783791" title="The Rainmakers (film)">
The Rainmakers (film)

The Rainmakers is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Fred Guiol from a screenplay by Grant Garrett and Leslie Goodwins, based on a story by Guiol and Albert Traynor. RKO Radio Pictures released the film on October 25, 1935, starring the comedy team of Wheeler & Woolsey (Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey) and Dorothy Lee.

Rainmakers Billy (Wheeler) and Roscoe (Woolsey) take on a crooked businessman out to cash in on a drought.




</doc>
<doc id="43783902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43783902" title="To Beat the Band">
To Beat the Band

To Beat the Band is a 1935 American romantic comedy directed by Ben Stoloff using a screenplay by Rian James based on a story by George Marion, Jr. The film stars Hugh Herbert, Helen Broderick, Roger Pryor, and Fred Keating, and features Johnny Mercer in a small role. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on November 8, 1935.


</doc>
<doc id="43783976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43783976" title="We're Only Human (film)">
We're Only Human (film)

We're Only Human is a 1935 American drama film directed by James Flood from a screenplay by Rian James. Starring Preston Foster, Jane Wyatt, and James Gleason, it was released by RKO Radio Pictures on December 27, 1935.


</doc>
<doc id="43785333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43785333" title="The Lady Consents">
The Lady Consents

The Lady Consents is a 1936 American romantic melodrama film directed by Stephen Roberts, starring Ann Harding, Herbert Marshall, and Margaret Lindsay. The screenplay was written by P. J. Wolfson and Anthony Veiller, from Wolfson's story "The Indestructible Mrs. Talbot". RKO Radio Pictures released the film on February 7, 1936.




</doc>
<doc id="43786088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43786088" title="Night Waitress">
Night Waitress

Night Waitress is a 1936 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Marcus Goodrich. The film stars Margot Grahame, Gordon Jones, Vinton Hayworth, Marc Lawrence and Billy Gilbert. The film was released on December 18, 1936, by RKO Pictures.
A waterfront waitress (Margot Grahame) and her boyfriend (Gordon Jones) know too much about a murder and gold.



</doc>
<doc id="43786658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43786658" title="Yellow Dust (film)">
Yellow Dust (film)

Yellow Dust is a 1936 American western film directed by Wallace Fox from a screenplay by Cyril Hume, John Twist, and John Francis Larkin. The film stars Richard Dix and Leila Hyams, with a supporting cast including Moroni Olsen, Jessie Ralph, Andy Clyde, and Onslow Stevens. RKO Radio Pictures premiered the film in New York City on February 22, 1936, with a nationwide release on March 13.

The film opens in the hills of California. Bob Culpepper is a college-educated man from Tennessee, who has chosen the life of a gold prospector. Culpepper witnesses veteran prospector Silas "Solitaire" Carter getting attacked by an intruder, and comes to his defense. The fight results in the intruder's death and the two new allies decide to bury him. While digging for the grave, they discover a gold-bearing vein. They use the vein to calculate that there is a mother lode of gold in a nearby mountain. Eager to profit from their discovery, Carter and Culpepper head to the nearest town to make a land claim for this area.

Before reaching the town, the two partners witness a gang of outlaws who is in the process of robbing a stagecoach. They decide to help the victims and manage to scare off the gang. Among the passengers is a lovely saloon singer, Nellie Brian, and Culpepper is instantly smitten with her. Brian is also attracted to him, but her mother urges her to focus on her next singing gig.

At the town, Brian entertains her new boss, Jack Hanway. He is the prosperous owner of a local saloon. Neither Brian, nor her mother realize that Hanway is secretly the leader of the gang of outlaws. Brian eventually confesses her love to Culpepper, and also talks to him about a valuable necklace which the outlaws had stolen from her. Culpepper locates the necklace, at the hands of an outlaw known only by the nickname "Missouri". He forces the outlaw to hand over the necklace to him.

Trying to impress Brian and outstage Culpepper, Hanway stages a robbery at his own saloon. His gang are supposed to act as robbers, and Hanway acts as the hero who bravely thwarts their plan. Culpepper figures out the plan and tries to expose Hanway as a criminal. Instead, "Missouri" accuses him of being involved with the stagecoach robbery and being in possession of the loot. With the necklace found in his possession, Culpepper is arrested as a thief and imprisoned. Brian is convinced that Culpepper is a villain.

With his rival out of the way, Hanway romances Brian. He gets careless and she overhears his plans to lay claim to the mother lode. Brian tries to alert Carter that he is in danger of losing his gold, but he is too drunk to listen to her. Brian gets another idea of how to ruin Hanway's plans. She tricks him into delaying to make his land claim, then makes the claim herself. Brian is now the only one with a legal claim to the gold. Carter is shocked to find out about this development and informs Culpepper. Culpepper figures that his love interest has conspired against him, and wants to retaliate. He convinces "Missouri" to help him escape from prison.

After escaping, Culpepper abducts Brian and restrains her with a straitjacket. He rides with his captive to the area with the gold. Their time together allows them to clear the misunderstandings between them and declare their own innocence. Realizing that neither of them is a villain, they reconcile and express their love for each other. When arriving at the area of the claim, they are captured by Hanway and his gang.

Hanway wants Brian for himself and proposes marriage to her. She accepts, hoping that she may use her new position to help Culpepper. Meanwhile, Carter and "Missouri" arrange a fake execution for Culpepper. They use the opportunity to escape with him back to town. They stop the wedding of Hanway and Brian in time, and expose Hanway as a gang leader.

The cast of this film according to the American Film Institute, includes:

According to the American Film Institute, the film is based on the theatrical play "Mother Lode" (1934). The play was written by George O'Neil and Dan Totheroh. The working title for the film was "Mother Lode".

According to 1936 articles of "The Hollywood Reporter", the role of the female lead in this film was intended for Helen Gahagan Douglas.

Production charts for this film dating to the 1930s seem to contradict other sources. The charts mention acting roles for Dorothy Coburn, George Lollier, and Art Mix. Their possible involvement in the film is not mentioned by other sources. The charts do not credit Cyril Hume and John Twist as screenwriters, but they credit John Francis Larkin. Larkin's involvement is not always mentioned by other sources, and it is unclear if he contributed to the final script. The charts credit John Tribby for the sound recording of the film, while other sources credit Earl A. Wolcott.

Some scenes for this film were reportedly filmed in the vicinity of Sonora, California.



</doc>
<doc id="43786987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43786987" title="Mummy's Boys">
Mummy's Boys

Mummy's Boys is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Fred Guiol and written by Jack Townley, Philip G. Epstein and Charles E. Roberts. The film stars Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Barbara Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas and Willie Best. The film was released on October 2, 1936, by RKO Pictures.

Phillip Browning (Frank M. Thomas), convinced that the mysterious deaths of ten of his colleagues is the result of a mummy's curse, hopes to avoid the fate of the others by returning King Pharatime's treasures to his tomb. Ditch diggers Stanley Wright (Bert Wheeler) and Aloysius C. Whittaker (Robert Woolsey) answer a newspaper advertisement to join Browning's Egyptian expedition. Whittaker presents himself (unconvincingly) as an Egyptian expert, and Wright—who is immediately attracted to Browning's daughter Mary (Barbara Pepper)—makes a poor impression because he suffers spells of forgetfulness that can be cured only by taking a nap. (This is a running gag throughout the film.) Browning hires them anyway.

On board the ship to Egypt the next day the boys meet Sterling (Moroni Olsen), who is part of the expedition. Catfish (Willie Best), a stowaway, is invited to join the group after he mentions that he is from Cairo—although Whittaker and Wright later discover that he is from Cairo, Illinois. After the group arrives at their hotel, Sterling disappears mysteriously and a threatening note is found.

Soon after they arrive at their encampment, Whittaker, Wright and Mary awake to find Catfish tied up and everyone else gone. They find another threatening note in Browning's tent. They open Mr. Browning's instructions, which direct them to dig to the tomb entrance and place the boxes containing the treasures in the tomb. The three men dig until they have the entrance cleared, and start carrying the boxes into the tomb. The scene cuts to a secret room of the tomb, where Sterling has Browning tied up and gagged. Sterling reveals that he killed the other ten with a syringe containing undetectable poison, and plans to do the same to Browning, Mary, Whittaker and Wright. He leaves, but accidentally drops a diary, which Wright later picks up.

A landslide seals the entrance and traps Whittaker, Wright, Mary and Catfish in the tomb. As they search for a way out, Sterling approaches them, pretending to be a victim of kidnapping and professing to believe in the curse. Wright reveals that he knows the deaths are actually murders—he has read the diary, but has not yet learned the identity of the killer. He does not recall where he hid the diary, and needs to take a nap to remember. Sterling offers to inject him with a "sedative". Wright, fearing the syringe, leads them all on a merry chase, ending when he hits Sterling on the head with a vase. The vase smashes, revealing the diary, which Whittaker picks up. He examines it and realizes that Sterling is the murderer. 

The police arrive at the camp, enter the tomb, and bring Sterling to justice. The Egyptian spy who warned Wright over the phone turns out to be an Egyptian secret policeman, Rasheed Bey (Francis McDonald), who was investigating Sterling. 

At the fadeout, Wright has something he wants to say to Mary, but can't remember what it is.



</doc>
<doc id="43788307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43788307" title="Men in Black: International">
Men in Black: International

Men in Black: International (stylized as MIB: International in promotional material) is a 2019 American science fiction film directed by F. Gary Gray and written by Art Marcum and Matt Holloway. It is a spin-off of the "Men in Black" film series, which is loosely based on the Malibu/Marvel comic book series of the same name by Lowell Cunningham. The film stars Chris Hemsworth, Tessa Thompson, Kumail Nanjiani, Rebecca Ferguson, Rafe Spall, Laurent and Larry Bourgeois, and Liam Neeson. Emma Thompson reprises her role from the third film, while Tim Blaney returns to voice Frank the Pug from the first two installments.

Talks of a fourth "Men in Black" film began after the release of "Men in Black 3" in 2012. In February 2018, Hemsworth signed on to lead a spin-off while Gray was hired to direct, and Thompson joined the cast the following month. Filming took place in New York City, Morocco, Italy, and London from July to October 2018.

"Men in Black: International" was theatrically released in the United States on June 14, 2019 by Sony Pictures Releasing, under its Columbia Pictures label. The film was a box office disappointment and received negative reviews from critics, who criticized the "lackluster action and forgettable plot" and considered it to be the worst of the series, although the chemistry between Hemsworth and Thompson was praised.

In 2016, Agents H and High T of the Men in Black travel to Paris to stop an invasion of the Hive—a parasitic race who invade planets by merging with the DNA of the conquered species—at the Eiffel Tower using a wormhole included in the original migration to Earth. Twenty years earlier in 1996, Brooklyn, Molly Wright, witnesses her parents being neuralyzed by agents of Men in Black while she helps an alien escape, avoiding neuralyzation herself. Twenty-three years later, in 2019, as Molly attempts to gain employment to the secret organization through the CIA and FBI, they are confused and assume she is delusional when she spoke about aliens. Molly finally catches a break and has tracked down an alien landing and follows MIB agents to MIB headquarters in New York City. Caught entering the agency and almost neuralyzed, Molly makes an impression on Agent O, arguing that she has proven her skills and has no life outside her search for the agency and the fact that she found them. She is then awarded probationary agent status as "Agent M" and assigned to the organization's London branch.

There, M meets High T, head of the London branch, and Agent H. M learns about H and T's past; H has since developed a God complex, unconcerned with his duties and only keeping his job due to High T covering for him. M arranges for herself to be assigned to assist H in his meeting with Vungus the Ugly, his close friend, and alien royalty. During their night out with Vungus, they are accosted by mysterious alien twins able to manifest as pure energy. These energy aliens fatally injure Vungus; before he dies, he hands M a crystal stating H has changed since they last met, and he can't be trusted anymore. After being placed in front of High T and almost neuralyzed for allowing Vungus to be assassinated, M points out that few people knew Vungus's location, and that he was likely betrayed by one of the agents present when High T assigned H to guard him. Nervous at the possibility of a mole within MIB, High T assigns Agents H and M to conduct an investigation while C is placed on desk duty, with evidence suggesting that the alien energy twins had DNA traces of the Hive.

H convinces M to join him in following a lead to Marrakesh. There they discover a small being who is the last survivor of a small group of aliens attacked by the energy twins; with his queen killed, he pledges loyalty to M, who names him "Pawny." Walking in the streets, they discover agents were sent to arrest M & H, coordinated by C, who was given recovered video footage of Vungus passing the crystal to M and believes she is the traitor. With the aid of alien contacts Nasr and Bassam, H escapes with M and Pawny on a rocket-powered bike where they crash and land in the desert. There they learn that Vungus's crystal is an ultimate weapon powered by a compressed blue giant star. As they attempt to repair the damaged bike, Bassam (hidden in a water canteen) steals the weapon and takes it to Riza Stavros, an intergalactic alien arms dealer, and H's ex-girlfriend. After traveling to Riza's island fortress near Naples, the trio attempts to infiltrate the base but is caught by Riza and Luca Brasi, her second-in-command. M realizes Luca is the now-adult alien she rescued as a child, after saying the line he told her before disappearing, he returns the favor by allowing them to leave with the weapon while he is keeping Riza contained. The three are then cornered by the energy twins demanding the crystal for the Hive, as they prepare to attack a group of agents, including High T, emerge from the tree line and destroy them.

Although the case appears solved, H and M review the evidence and realize that the energy twins' phrases of doing anything to save their planet suggests they required the weapon to use not as their allies but "against" the Hive, especially when the only evidence of Hive DNA was provided by High T. They discover High T has deleted the case file and the weapon is missing from evidence. C also realizes High T's deception and informs H and M that High T is in Paris. As they travel to the wormhole, M's questioning of H's memory of the Hive's defeat reveals he was neuralyzed. High T reveals himself as the converted mole of the Hive and activates a wormhole to draw them to Earth. However, H is able to draw out High T's true self long enough for T to relinquish the ultimate weapon, allowing M to acquire and activate it. High T, the wormhole, and the Hive infestation trying to reach Earth are destroyed.

With the truth and tragedy of High T's assimilation into a Hive spy exposed, Agent O joins H and M in Paris, where she grants M full agent status in New York and appoints H probationary head of MIB's London branch. Before M leaves for New York, she takes one last road trip with H back to London, where she has 'gifted' Pawny to H to keep an eye on him.


In February 2018, it was reported that Chris Hemsworth would star in the film, set to be directed by F. Gary Gray. The following month, Tessa Thompson joined the cast. In May 2018, it was reported that Liam Neeson was in talks to star in the film as the head of the UK branch of the agency. The film was written by Art Marcum and Matt Holloway and produced by Laurie MacDonald and Walter Parkes. In June 2018, Kumail Nanjiani, Rafe Spall, and Les Twins (Laurent and Larry Bourgeois) were added to the cast. Danny Elfman, who scored the first three "Men in Black" films, returned to compose the score for the film alongside Chris Bacon. Steven Spielberg executive produced, as he did for the first three "MIB" entries, along with Barry Sonnenfeld, who directed all the previous films.

Principal photography on the film began on July 9, 2018, at Leavesden Studios and on location in London, and continued in Marrakesh such as the Jemaa el-Fnaa and El Badi Palace, Ischia and the Aragonese Castle, and New York City. Emma Thompson was announced as reprising her role as Agent O in the film later that month. In August 2018, Rebecca Ferguson joined the cast of the film. On October 17, Hemsworth confirmed that filming had wrapped.

Visual effects for the film were provided by Double Negative, and supervised by Alessandro Ongaro with the help of Rodeo FX, Sony Pictures Imageworks and Method Studios.

The film went through a troubled production due to frequent clashes between director Gray and producer Parkes, which started when the executive overseeing the project, Sony's executive vice president of production David Beaubaire, exited the studio in the summer of 2018, and was not replaced. An early draft of the script, which Sony initially praised, and which received the attention of stars Hemsworth and Thompson, had an edgier tone than the finished film; it featured sociopolitical commentary on the current debate surrounding immigration. The main antagonists were to be an alien music group inspired by the Beatles, with the four members merging into one villain during the climax. Parkes, who had final cut on the film, had a heavy hand in overseeing rewrites during pre-production and filming. Parkes' new script pages stripped away the early draft's modern sensibilities, and were newly sent, daily, to Hemsworth and Thompson, who were both so confused that they hired their own dialogue writers. Parkes not only dictated rewrites but stepped in on directing duties, although no Directors Guild of America rules were said to have been violated. Gray tried to exit the production several times but was convinced to stay by Sony. Parkes and Gray also clashed over the color-correction process during post-production. The studio tested two cuts - one put together by Gray, the other by Parkes - with the version by Parkes being chosen as the theatrical cut.

The film was originally going to be released on May 17, 2019 but was pushed back from its original release date of May 17, 2019 to June 14, 2019. The film had its world premiere in New York City on June 11, 2019.

Sony spent around $120 million on prints and advertising for the film, a figure considered to be on the "lower end" for a tentpole feature. They also partnered with several companies to promote it, including Lexus, Hamilton Watches, Zaxby's, Dave & Buster's and Booking.com, for about $75 million worth of advertising.

Lexus had a partnership with Sony Pictures to use their vehicles for the film, the RC and the RX, all in their F Sport variants. The motor company also designed an alien-looking spaceship in the same body of the RC model.

The film was released on Digital HD on August 20, 2019 and on Blu-ray, Ultra HD Blu-ray and DVD on September 3, 2019 in the United States.

"Men in Black: International" has grossed $80 million in the United States and Canada, and $173.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $253.9 million. With a production budget of $94–110 million, and an additional $120 million spent on marketing, it was estimated that the film would have needed to gross $300 million worldwide in order to break even.

In the United States and Canada, "Men in Black: International" was released alongside "Shaft", as well as the wide expansion of "Late Night", and was projected to gross $30–40 million from 4,224 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $10.4 million on its first day, including $3.1 million from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $30 million, topping the weekend box office but coming in below expectations. This debut made it the first film in the series not to open above $50 million. The underwhelming opening was blamed on the dated franchise, poor critical reviews and audience anticipation for other, upcoming big releases "Toy Story 4" and "". The film fell 64% in its second weekend to $10.7 million, finishing fourth, and then made $6.7 million in its third weekend, finishing in sixth.

Worldwide, the film was released concurrently with the United States in 56 additional countries and was projected to gross $70–85 million, for a worldwide debut of $100–115 million. It ended up making $73.7 million overseas and $102.2 million globally, finishing first in 36 of the markets. It underperformed in Asian countries like China ($26.3 million) and South Korea ($4.9 million) due to poor word-of-mouth, similar to the U.S., although finished first in Mexico ($3.9 million), Brazil ($1.8 million), Russia ($5.1 million), the UK ($3.4 million), Australia ($2.6 million) and France ($2.5 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 23% based on 300 reviews, with an average rating of 4.49/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Amiable yet forgettable, "MIB International" grinds its stars' substantial chemistry through the gears of a franchise running low on reasons to continue." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 38 out of 100, based on 51 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale, the lowest score of the franchise, while those at PostTrak gave it a 72% overall positive score and a 46% "definite recommend."

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" called it ""Meh in Black", making another intensely tiresome and pointless reappearance," and gave the film 1 out of 5 stars. Peter DeBruge of "Variety" said that "The connection between Tessa Thompson and Hemsworth is what saves the day, not anything their characters do onscreen" and called the film itself "amusing, if uneven." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, writing: ""Men in Black: International" isn't bad; it's an improvement over "Men in Black II" (2002) and "Men in Black 3" (2012), sequels that even its makers may have forgotten. As a species we appear destined to revisit this basic concept and renew the hunt for fresh variations on the zingy, disarming first picture, which brought the Lowell Cunningham comics to the screen so shrewdly and well in 1997."



</doc>
<doc id="43788676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43788676" title="The Stanford Prison Experiment (film)">
The Stanford Prison Experiment (film)

The Stanford Prison Experiment is a 2015 American docudrama thriller film directed by Kyle Patrick Alvarez, written by Tim Talbott, and starring Billy Crudup, Michael Angarano, Ezra Miller, Tye Sheridan, Keir Gilchrist, Olivia Thirlby, and Nelsan Ellis. The plot concerns the 1971 Stanford prison experiment, conducted at Stanford University under the supervision of psychology professor Philip Zimbardo, in which students play the role of either a prisoner or prison guard.

The project was announced in 2002 and remained in development for twelve years, with filming beginning on August 19, 2014, in Los Angeles. The film was financed and produced by Sandbar Pictures and Abandon Pictures, and premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival on January 26, before beginning a limited theatrical release on July 17, 2015. The film received mostly positive reviews from critics.

Stanford University psychology professor Philip Zimbardo conducts a psychological experiment to test the hypothesis that the personality traits of prisoners and guards are the chief cause of abusive behavior between them. In the experiment, Zimbardo selects eighteen male students to participate in a 14-day prison simulation to take roles as prisoners or guards. They receive $15 per day. The experiment is conducted in a mock prison located in the basement of Jordan Hall, the university's psychology department building. The students who are guards become abusive, as does Zimbardo himself, as they immerse themselves in their assigned roles. Two students who play the role of prisoners quit the experiment early due to psychological meltdowns, and, only after being chastised and roughly brought back to reality by his girlfriend, Christina Maslach, Zimbardo abruptly stops the entire experiment after only six days.

A film about the Stanford prison experiment was first announced in 2002, when producer Brent Emery signed Tim Talbott to write the script for the film. Problems beset and delayed the project for twelve years, including financing and the 2007 writers' strike. In 2006, two competing films about the experiment were in development, one at Maverick Films and the other Inferno's "The Experiment", which was a remake of the German film "Das Experiment" from 2001. Maverick Films, having an ownership break up in August 2008, continued on as Imprint Entertainment Imprint was expected to start filming in January 2009 under producer Christopher McQuarrie.

On August 19, 2014, Sandbar Pictures and Abandon Pictures came on board to finance the film. Kyle Patrick Alvarez was set to direct, and producers were Brent Emery, Lizzie Friedman, Greg Little, Lauren Bratman and Brian Geraghty.

On August 19, 2014, it was announced that Billy Crudup, Ezra Miller and Michael Angarano would play lead roles. On August 26, Jack Kilmer joined the cast to play Jim Randall, one of the student prisoners whose personality makes him a perfect subject to comply. On August 28, Nicholas Braun joined the film to play Karl Vandy, an abusive and sadistic guard. On September 4, Brett Davern was added to the cast, playing Hubbie Whitlow, an affable young participant whose failed escape attempt leads to grueling humiliation at the hands of sadistic guards. On September 9, Jesse Carere joined the cast to play Paul Beattie, Prisoner 5704, a gangly man who counts smoking as his only vice. On October 10, more of the ensemble cast was announced, including Olivia Thirlby as Dr. Christina Maslach, professor Zimbardo's future wife and fellow academic, Nelsan Ellis as Jesse Fletcher, Tye Sheridan as prisoner Peter Mitchell, James Frecheville as guard Matthew Townshend, Johnny Simmons as prisoner Jeff Jansen, and Ki Hong Lee as prisoner Gavin Lee.

Principal photography began on August 19, 2014, in Los Angeles, and lasted 21 days.

The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 26, 2015. By coincidence, "Experimenter", a film about another notorious psychological experiment, the Milgram experiment, had premiered at Sundance the day before.

IFC Films acquired the US rights to the film on March 5, 2015. The film was theatrically released on July 17, 2015, by IFC Films, and on Blu-Ray and iTunes on November 17, 2015.

Upon its premiere at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival, "The Stanford Prison Experiment" received a positive response from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a "certified fresh" rating of 83%, based on reviews from 90 critics, with an average score of 6.9/10. The site's consensus states: "As chillingly thought-provoking as it is absorbing and well-acted, "The Stanford Prison Experiment" offers historical drama that packs a timelessly relevant punch." On the review site Metacritic, the film has a score of 67 out of 100, based on 26 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Leslie Felperin of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, writing "For all its flaws it's a rich, thought-provoking film which, while challenging, is not without humor and visual pleasures." Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" felt that "Tim Talbott's dense script provides much to discuss and argue about, providing both left and right with talking points." Jordan Hoffman of "The Guardian" gave the film four out of five stars and judged that "Director Kyle Patrick Alvarez deserves all the praise in the world for the way he cranks up this pressure cooker script." Edward Douglas in his review for ComingSoon praised the film, remarking "While this is going to be a polarizing and divisive film, it's one that people will talk about after seeing it, almost as if it was made as an experiment itself."

However, Justin Chang of "Variety" criticized the film, saying "The combination of relentless forward drive and gruesomely fastidious detail, while audacious and admirable in theory, begins to pay dwindling returns in a picture that feels rather longer than its 122-minute running time."



</doc>
<doc id="43790069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43790069" title="There Goes My Girl">
There Goes My Girl

There Goes My Girl is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes, written by Harry Segall, and starring Gene Raymond, Ann Sothern, Gordon Jones, Richard Lane, Frank Jenks and Bradley Page. It was released on May 21, 1937, by RKO Pictures.

When Jerry Martin and Connie Taylor, reporters for rival newspapers, fall in love, Taylor's Editor Tim Whelan sets up a fake murder to disrupt their wedding. Taylor insists on investigating the story, which causes a break-up with her fiancee. When the two reporters end up covering a real murder, Taylor attempts to reconcile her relationship, while Whelan attempts to break them up again.




</doc>
<doc id="43790187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43790187" title="The Farmer in the Dell (film)">
The Farmer in the Dell (film)

The Farmer in the Dell is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes from a screenplay by Sam Mintz and John Grey, adapted from Phil Stong's 1935 novel, which was similarly titled, "Farmer in the Dell". The film was premiered by RKO Radio Pictures in New York City on March 6, 1936, and released widely later that month on March 27. It stars Fred Stone (making his film debut), Jean Parker, and Esther Dale.

Ma and Pa Boyer work a small farm in Iowa, where they live with their daughter, Adie. Adie is dating her high school sweetheart, Davy Davenport. Ma thinks that Adie is pretty enough to be in the movies, and convinces Pa to sell the farm and move the family to Hollywood. Once there, Ma obtains a pair of passes to a studio, and convinces Pa to take Adie the following day. Once on the set, they watch director Chester Hart as he films a scene about farm life. As the filming proceeds, Pa offers some common sense hints on how to do things correctly. Hart enjoys Pa's honesty and offers him a small role in the film.

Pa doesn't tell Ma about his acting job, and the following day Ma invites Nicky Ranovitch, whom she believes to be an important Hollywood producer over for dinner. Nicky, however, is not a producer, but a money hungry con-artist who believes that the Boyers are wealthy. Pa becomes infuriated with Ma's ambitions for Adie, and in frustration confesses that he was given a role in the film. Ma sees this as angle to help Adie break into pictures and is delighted by the news.

After a few days shooting the picture, Pa is disillusioned, and wants to quit. Hart, fearing that Pa is being lured away by another studio, talks his studio into offering Pa a $600 a week contract. Unable to turn down such a lucrative offer, Pa agrees. Ma is ecstatic at the news. Pa has to go film on location for a few days. While he is away, Ma begins spending money like it is going out of style. She buys a new house and many extras. When Pa returns home, he arrives in the midst of a lavish party Ma is throwing, whose guest list includes Ranovitch and many of his friends. Adie has become enamored by the slick-talking foreigner, and has begun to hang around with him. This is another shock for Pa, who announces that he's not rich, and intends to return to Iowa, hoping everything will then return to normal. Ranovitch, aware now of the financial situation of the Boyers, leaves, and Adie is reconciled with Davenport. Ma promises to amend her ways, and convinces Pa not to return to Iowa. He agrees, and resumes his acting career.


In August 1935 RKO bought the rights to the novel, "The Farmer in the Dell", by Phil Stong. The book had been serialized in the "Saturday Evening Post". The following month, Fred Stone was cast in the leading role of Pa Boyer, while it was announced that Cliff Reid would assume the producing duties. Initially the adaptation of the novel was given to John Twist and Joel Sayre. By the end of September, Reid had been replaced by a new associate producer at RKO, Robert Sisk. It would be Sisk's second film as the supervising producer, after "Chatterbox" (originally titled "Long Ago Ladies"). In late October, RKO announced that the film had begun pre-production, and the studio selected Ben Holmes to direct the picture. It would be Holmes first feature-length film; he had been directing shorts for the studio since 1929. In December it was revealed that Twist and Sayre had been replaced on the screen adaptation by Sam Mintz and John Grey, which was scheduled to begin production on December 16. Moroni Olsen was added to the cast in mid-December, shortly after which RKO announced that Jean Parker and Frank Albertson would playing opposite one another in the film. Filming on the picture began the last week of 1935. In early January 1936 Spencer Charters and Margaret Armstrong joined the cast, at the same time it became known that Esther Dale was also part of the production. By mid-January other cast members were revealed when Rafael Corjo was added to the cast, those actors were Ray Mayer, Maxine Jennings, and Lucille Ball. At that time it was also announced that Harry Jans and Horace Murphy were to be included in the cast, but they do not appear in the AFI's final cast list. The film finished production in early February, three days ahead of schedule. The film premiered at the Palace in New York City on Thursday, March 5, 1936.

"Harrison's Reports" enjoyed the picture, calling it a nice "homespun comedy". They applauded Stone's performance, as well as the romantic chemistry between Parker and Albertson. They also complimented Olsen in his role as the movie director. They did not enjoy the film's pace however, finding it a bit slow. "A wholly human, often highly amusing story," was how "Motion Picture Daily" described the film. They found it an engaging comedy, with tinges of drama interspersed throughout. The magazine particularly enjoyed the performance of Stone, who they compared favorably to Will Rogers.


</doc>
<doc id="43790218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43790218" title="Hollywood Cowboy">
Hollywood Cowboy

Hollywood Cowboy is a 1937 American adventure film directed by Ewing Scott and written by Daniel Jarrett and Ewing Scott. The film stars George O'Brien, Cecilia Parker, Maude Eburne, Joe Caits and Frank Milan. The film was released on May 28, 1937, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43790872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43790872" title="The Last Outlaw (1936 film)">
The Last Outlaw (1936 film)

The Last Outlaw is a 1936 American western film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by John Twist and Jack Townley, based on the story by E. Murray Campbell and the renowned director John Ford. This would be the final of 10 writing credits attributed to Ford. RKO Radio Pictures premiered the film in New York City on June 12, 1936, and released it nationally the following week on June 19. The film stars Harry Carey and Hoot Gibson, with supporting performances by Tom Tyler, Henry B. Walthall and Margaret Callahan.



</doc>
<doc id="43791141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43791141" title="Perfect Target">
Perfect Target

Perfect Target is a 1997 action/thriller film directed by Sheldon Lettich and starring Daniel Bernhardt.

A former soldier finds mercenary work as security for the president of a foreign country and becomes the fall guy for an assassination plot. He escapes and joins the rebels to clear his name and expose the true person behind the president's assassination.


Filming took place in Jalisco, Nayarit, and Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.

The film was released direct-to-video in Germany on April 28, 1997. It was not released in the US until September 11, 1999.


</doc>
<doc id="43791598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43791598" title="You Can't Beat Love">
You Can't Beat Love

You Can't Beat Love is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Maxwell Shane and David Silverstein. The film stars Preston Foster, Joan Fontaine, Herbert Mundin, William Brisbane and Alan Bruce. The film was released on June 25, 1937.

Jimmy Hughes (Preston Foster) is a fun-loving carouser who can't resist a dare. He is awakened by his gentleman's gentleman Jasper (Herbert Mundin) after a drunken evening in which he misappropriated a milk truck, and instructs Jasper to see that the damages (thirty dollars' worth of lost milk) are paid and the truck is returned. Accompanied by Jasper, Jimmy then fulfills a bet by putting in a day of hard work digging ditches in formal wear, good-naturedly tangling with other crew members in the process. He donates his winnings to a children's charity.

When a campaign truck stops by the site to dispense free cake and solicit support for Mayor Olson's re-election, Jimmy engages in a heckling match with a campaign worker who proves to be the mayor's daughter, Trudy Olson (Joan Fontaine). Trudy angrily suggests that he throw his hat in the ring, and in a bluff, he declares that he will.

When the newspapers run with the story, Jimmy is caught by surprise and the mayor's campaign is concerned. Trudy visits Jimmy at his home with a cake to patch things up, and as he pledges to clear up the misunderstanding, the two become mutually attracted. Trudy accompanies Jimmy to the newspaper office the next day to help him announce his withdrawal, but she mistakenly dares him to run for real, obliging him to do so.

Jimmy pledges a clean campaign, but still ruffles Trudy at times as he continues to pursue her. Things begin to go well between them again as Jimmy helps Trudy save a child who has stolen ice from an ice truck from punishment, and they steal a fun ride on the back of the truck together.

The corrupt police chief, who works for the mayor, secretly attempts to frame Jimmy by luring him to a phony love nest with a hired woman (Barbara Pepper) and a waiting photographer, but catches Jimmy's friend instead. In retaliation, Jimmy recruits the woman's jealous boyfriend, a gangster, to involve the police chief in a citywide gambling ring.

As the mayor comes under criticism for the resulting scandal, Trudy visits Jimmy's campaign office and overhears him colluding with the gamblers. At a debate on election eve, she accuses him of being behind the ring. Jimmy produces a check designating all gambling proceeds to a children's charity, and plays a recording for the crowd of the police chief agreeing to participate in the criminal profits. He also has a recording of the mayor angrily confronting the police chief, proving the mayor's innocence. Jimmy then endorses the mayor for re-election as the guilty parties are arrested. The press asks for a photo of Jimmy kissing Trudy, and she dares him.



</doc>
<doc id="43791803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43791803" title="The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1937 film)">
The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1937 film)

The Outcasts of Poker Flat is a 1937 American Western film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by John Twist and Harry Segall. The film stars Preston Foster, Jean Muir, Van Heflin, Virginia Weidler and Margaret Irving. The film was released on April 16, 1937, by RKO Pictures.

The screenplay is based on the short story "The Outcasts of Poker Flat" by Bret Harte, which has been brought to film at least five times, including in 1919 "The Outcasts of Poker Flat" with Harry Carey and in 1952 "The Outcasts of Poker Flat" with Dale Robertson.

A gunfighter and gambler, John Oakhurst ends up caring for a baby girl whose mother dies in childbirth. He decides to call her "Luck" and looks to new schoolmarm Helen Colby and the Rev. Sam Woods to set a good example for the girl.

Luck grows up and Poker Flat grows into a boom town. One day while John and the reverend are quarreling about the bad element John and his partner The Duchess permit in their gambling house, Luck ends up playing cards with Sonoma, a vicious outlaw. A furious John explodes at Helen, feeling she was supposed to be keeping an eye on Luck at the time. Helen decides to leave town, but Luck convinces her that John loves her.

Determined to change into a better man, John refuses to be goaded into a showdown by Sonoma, at least until The Duchess taunts him, whereupon he shoots dead Sonoma and another man. A vigilante group orders John and The Duchess out of town and Helen goes along. Their horses are stolen and, in the mountains in winter, The Duchess freezes to death. Helen nearly dies, but just as Luck rides up to rescue her, they find that John, feeling guilt for what he's done, has taken his own life.



</doc>
<doc id="43791914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43791914" title="Eye in the Sky (2015 film)">
Eye in the Sky (2015 film)

Eye in the Sky is a 2015 British thriller film starring Helen Mirren, Aaron Paul, Alan Rickman, and Barkhad Abdi. Directed by Gavin Hood and written by Guy Hibbert, the film explores the ethical challenges of drone warfare. Filming began in South Africa in September 2014. There was a 2009 article of the same title written by Major Timothy Allen Johnson Sr about USAF ISR Operations in the Middle East.

The film premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on 11 September 2015. Bleecker Street distributed the film in cinemas in the United States with a limited release on 2016 and then a wide release on 1 April.

It is the last live-action film to feature Alan Rickman, who died in January 2016 (his last film overall, "Alice Through the Looking Glass", would be a voice acting role). The film was dedicated to his memory.

The film opens in Nairobi, Kenya, where Alia Mo'Allim, a young girl, twirls a hula hoop in her backyard.

British Army Colonel Katherine Powell wakes up and hears that an undercover British/Kenyan agent has been murdered by the Al-Shabaab group. From Northwood Headquarters she takes command of a mission to capture three of the ten highest-level Al-Shabaab leaders, who are meeting in a safehouse in Nairobi.

A multinational team works on the capture mission, linked together by video and voice systems. Aerial surveillance is provided by a USAF MQ-9 Reaper drone controlled from Creech Air Force Base in Nevada by Second Lieutenant Steve Watts. Undercover Kenyan field agents, including Jama Farah, use short-range ornithopter and insectothopter cameras to link in ground intelligence. Kenyan special forces are positioned nearby to make the arrest. Facial recognition to identify human targets is done at Joint Intelligence Center Pacific at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii. The mission is supervised in the United Kingdom by a COBRA meeting that includes British Lieutenant General Frank Benson, two full government ministers and a ministerial under-secretary.

Farah discovers that the three high-level targets are now arming two suicide bombers for what is presumed to be an attack on a civilian target. Powell decides that the imminent bombing changes the mission objective from "capture" to "kill". She requests Watts to prepare a precision Hellfire missile attack on the building, and solicits the opinion of her British Army legal counsel. To her frustration, her counsel advises her to seek approval from superiors. Benson asks permission from the COBRA members, who fail to reach a decision and refer the question up to the UK Foreign Secretary, presently on a trade mission to Singapore. He does not offer a definite answer and defers to the United States Secretary of State, who immediately declares the American suicide bomber an enemy of the state. The Foreign Secretary then insists that COBRA take due diligence to minimise collateral damage.

Alia, who lives next door, is now near the target building selling her mother's bread. The senior military personnel stress the risk of letting would-be suicide bombers leave the house. The lawyers and politicians involved in the chain of command argue the personal, political and legal merits of and justification for launching a Hellfire missile attack in a friendly country not at war with the US or UK, with the significant risk of collateral damage. Watts can see the more direct risk of little Alia selling bread outside the targeted building, and they seek to delay firing the missile until she moves.

Farah is directed to try and buy all of Alia's bread so she will leave, but after paying her his cover is blown and he is forced to flee without collecting it. Seeking authorisation to execute the strike, Powell orders her risk-assessment officer to find parameters that will let him quote a lower 45% risk of civilian deaths. He re-evaluates the strike point and assesses the probability of Alia's death at 45–65%. She makes him confirm only the lower figure, and then reports this up the chain of command. The strike is authorised, and Watts fires a missile. The explosion destroys the building and injures Alia, but one conspirator survives. Watts is ordered to fire a second missile, which strikes the site just as Alia's parents reach her. They rush Alia to a hospital, where she dies.

In the London situation room, the under-secretary tearfully berates Benson for killing from the safety of his chair. Benson counters that he has been on the ground at five suicide bombings and adds: "Never tell a soldier that he does not know the cost of war."

United Kingdom

United States

Kenya

"Eye in the Sky" is directed by Gavin Hood based on a screenplay by Guy Hibbert. The screenplay was a project initially being developed at BBC Films, and FilmNation Entertainment acquired Hibbert's screenplay from BBC in September 2011 for Oliver Hirschbiegel to direct. Production did not happen as anticipated, and Hood sent the screenplay to Xavier Marchand, president of Entertainment One. Marchand decided to develop it to produce a film with Hood directing. Entertainment One partnered with Raindog Films in April 2014 to produce "Eye in the Sky" with Colin Firth as one of the producers. Actors Helen Mirren and Aaron Paul joined the cast the following month.

Hood, who was born in South Africa, chose to film "Eye in the Sky" in his home country. Filming began in South Africa in September 2014. Since the South African Civil Aviation Authority did not grant filmmakers permission to fly real drones in the country's airspace for the production, they used visual effects to display the drones. Hood found practical locations throughout South Africa that substituted for settings in the film: an area that looked like Surrey for Mirren's character, clubs that looked located in Las Vegas, and Beaufort West which was a backdrop for the state of Nevada in the United States. Filming concluded on 4 November 2014. None of the four lead actors—Mirren, Rickman, Paul, and Abdi—met one another during production, instead filming alone with Hood due to their characters' separate locations in the film. For example, despite the two costarring in a pair of films ("Eye in the Sky" and the animated feature "Help! I'm a Fish"), Aaron Paul and Alan Rickman had never met each other in person, according to Paul himself in an interview with "The Guardian".

Mark Kilian and Paul Hepker, who scored Hood's films "Tsotsi" (2005) and "Rendition" (2007), reteamed to score "Eye in the Sky" as did editor Megan Gill.

"Eye in the Sky" premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on 11 September 2015. The film had its United States premiere on 7 January 2016 at the Palm Springs International Film Festival.

Bleecker Street distributed the film in the United States, releasing it in New York City and Los Angeles on 2016 and gradually expanding to additional markets on the following two weekends. On 2016, the film received a wide release. "Deadline" said this release was positioned to take place after the 2015–2016 awards season.

Entertainment One distributed the film in the United Kingdom on 2016 and Malta in May 2016. It will also distribute the film in Canada, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, Spain, Australia, and New Zealand.

"Eye in the Sky" grossed $6.6 million in the UK, $18.7 million in North America and $32.8 million worldwide.

The film grossed $113,803 in the United States on its opening weekend of 11–13 March 2016 from five screens, an average of $22,761 per screen. In its wide release the film grossed $4 million, finishing ninth at the box office.

"Eye in the Sky" received positive reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 95%, based on 175 critics, with a weighted average score of 7.5/10. The site's consensus reads, "As taut as it is timely, "Eye in the Sky" offers a powerfully acted – and unusually cerebral – spin on the modern wartime political thriller." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 73 out of 100, based on 38 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Rickman's performance was well received by critics, with Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" saying, "Mr Rickman was never nominated for an Academy Award and it's probably a long shot for a posthumous Supporting Actor for this film - but his work here is a reminder of what a special talent he possessed."

Peter Asaro on "Science & Film" reviewed the accuracy of the advanced military technology depicted in the film concluding, "keep in mind that while some of the advanced technologies depicted are not yet out in the field, many are only a few years away from being a reality."




</doc>
<doc id="43792038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43792038" title="Music for Madame">
Music for Madame

Music for Madame is a 1937 American musical comedy film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Gertrude Purcell and Robert Harari. The film was released on October 8, 1937 by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43792547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43792547" title="Forty Naughty Girls">
Forty Naughty Girls

Forty Naughty Girls is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by John Grey. The film stars James Gleason, ZaSu Pitts, Marjorie Lord, George Shelley and Joan Woodbury. It is the sixth and final entry in RKO Pictures' series of Hildegarde Withers films. This film was the sixth film in the Hildegarde Withers-Oscar Piper series, and the second film in which ZaSu Pitts appeared as Hildegarde. Before Pitts, Edna May Oliver and Helen Broderick had played the role.

The role of "Hildegarde Withers" along with James Gleason as Inspector Oscar Piper was played by;



</doc>
<doc id="43794102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43794102" title="The Big Game (1936 film)">
The Big Game (1936 film)

The Big Game is a 1936 American sports drama film directed by George Nicholls, Jr. and produced by RKO Radio Pictures, which released the film on October 9, 1936. The screenplay was written by Irwin Shaw, adapted from the 1936 novel of the same name by Francis Wallace. The film stars Philip Huston, James Gleason, June Travis, Bruce Cabot and Andy Devine. Huston (1908-1980) was a respected New York stage actor, who also had prominent roles in a number of motion pictures and, later, acted in television productions, as well.

Clark Jenkins is the star quarterback of Atlantic's college football team. He falls in love with classmate Margaret Anthony, whose father, Brad, is a newspaper sports columnist who disapproves of their romance.

A gambler and school booster, George Scott, has been discreetly giving money to Clark, as he has in the past for players like Pop, who couldn't have afforded to go to college otherwise. Clark's roommate and teammate, Cal Calhoun, snitches on him to Brad Anthony, who investigates and falsely concludes that Clark intends to deliberately lose a game for a payoff from gambling kingpin Blackie Dawson.

No such arrangement exists. But with the big game against Erie coming up, Blackie kidnaps Clark to make sure Atlantic can't win. Pop creates a distraction on the field to delay the proceedings while Margaret, George and an apologetic Cal rush to rescue Clark in time to play in the game.

In April 1936 it was reported that RKO had purchased the rights to the serialized story, "The Big Game", by Francis Wallace, which had appeared in "Collier's" magazine. On April 8 RKO announced that Pandro Berman would handle the producing duties. Later that month RKO hired a young author, Irwin Shaw, to pen the screenplay. Shaw had just seen the successful production of his first play on Broadway, "Bury the Dead". In June the studio assigned Nicholls to direct, shortly after renewing his contract. Also in June, it was announced that Berman would be the producer, although it was initially reported that the director would be George Stevens.

The first casting announcement came in mid-June, when it was announced that four star football players for Stanford would be used in the film: Monk Moscrip, Bones Hamilton, Keith Topping, and Frank Alustiza. An MGM contract player, Bruce Cabot, was acquired on loan by RKO on July 1. Another non-professional actor, Bobby Wilson, was hired to play one of the football players in early July. Wilson was an All-American quarterback at Southern Methodist University. By mid-July, Philip Huston was known to be starring in the film. A successful stage actor, Huston would be making his film debut in "The Big Game". The following day, on July 15, Barbara Pepper was announced as having what was described as the "second female lead" in the film. Within days it was announced that James Gleason, Frank M. Thomas, John Arledge and Margaret Seddon had been added to the cast. At the same time, several other All-American college football players were also listed as cast members: William Shakespeare of Notre Dame; and Jay Berwanger of University of Chicago. The female lead was filled when RKO obtained June Travers on loan from Warner Bros. At the same time it was announced that "Big Boy" Williams and Andy Devine had also been slotted to appear in the film.

Principal photography on the film began on July 25. The football sequences appearing in the film were shot at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena. After filming had begun, Billy Gilbert and Dick Elliot were also added to the cast. In mid-August, George Offerman, Jr. and Arthur Loft were added to fill minor roles in the production. On September 1, it was announced that "The Big Game" would be one of the first films released on the new 2,000 foot reel, which became the industry standard. During production, Devine and one of the football extras were injured during filming the football sequences, necessitating several days delay in the filming of their scenes. The film opened on October 9, with premieres in San Francisco, California, and Columbus, Ohio, after which it was in heavy demand by theater booking agents. The film was given a Class A-1 rating by the National Legion of Decency, making it appropriate for all audiences.

"Harrison's Reports" gave the film a very favorable review, calling it "very good program entertainment", and saying its comedic and action elements were excellent. While stating that the ending was predictable, in spite of that they felt it was still thrilling. They particularly highlighted the performance of Devine, and the chemistry between Huston and Travis. "Motion Picture Daily" also gave the film a favorable review. They felt that the plot left something to be desired, but was more than made up for by the direction, both by Nicholls, and especially by Edward Killy, who handled the football sequences. They were positive about the acting, and also the use of real football players, and they highlighted the performances of Devine and Travis. The "Motion Picture Herald" called the film "worthwhile entertainment", and did not have the same issue with the plot as "Harrison's" and "Motion Picture Daily", calling it a "well-grounded story". They also enjoyed the mixture of suspense and comedy. "Motion Picture Magazine" was not as impressed, giving the film only two out of a possible four "A"'s.



</doc>
<doc id="43794411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43794411" title="Crashing Hollywood (1938 film)">
Crashing Hollywood (1938 film)

Crashing Hollywood is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Lew Landers and written by Paul Yawitz and Gladys Atwater. The film stars Lee Tracy, Joan Woodbury, Paul Guilfoyle, Lee Patrick and Bradley Page. The film was released on January 7, 1938, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43794521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43794521" title="Without Orders">
Without Orders

Without Orders is a 1936 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and starring Sally Eilers, Robert Armstrong, Frances Sage, Charley Grapewin and Vinton Haworth. It was produced by RKO Radio Pictures, who released the picture on October 23, 1936. The screenplay was written by Samuel Briskin and Cliff Reid, based on the short story of the same name by Peter B. Kyne, which had appeared in the February 8, 1936 edition of "Collier's" magazine.

At Portland, Oregon, playboy pilot Len Kendrick (Vinton Haworth) lands at the end of a cross-country record flight, met by his father J.P. Kendrick (Charley Grapewin) who owns Amalgamated Air Lines. Len is a media darling, adored by fans for his daring flights. He is in love with Amalgamated stewardess Kay Armstrong (Sally Eilers) who is dating veteran pilot "Wad" Madison (Robert Armstrong). Len dates her sister Penny (Frances Sage) who learns that his hard-drinking and recklessness has caused the death of his co-pilot. Penny knows that he was drinking before the fateful flight and only escaped prosecution by bribing a bartender. She leaves Len who ends up at Amalgamated as a line pilot, being tutored by Wad.

Len pursues Kay, and she falls for his charm but asks her sister for advice about marrying him. Realizing that marriage would be a mistake, Penny tells Len that she will expose him; he angrily reacts by knocking her down, fracturing her skull. On an outbound flight, Len attempts to rush Kay into accepting a proposal of marriage but she learns that her sister is seriously injured and in the hospital. Kay asks Wad to fly her back to Portland. On the same flight, Len locks his rival out of the cockpit, takes over the flight and after landing at the airline's home base, accuses Wad of cowardice and dereliction of duty, resulting in a fistfight between the two men. Wad is fired, but finds out from Penny that Len has a terrible secret to hide.

On a flight to Salt Lake City, Len's aircraft not only has been battling a blizzard for hours, but also experiences engine trouble. Instead of landing, in a repeat of the earlier tragic incident, Len knocks out his co-pilot, and again takes to a parachute, leaving Key and the passengers behind. This time, his parachute fails to open. Wad radios instructions to Kay who takes over the controls and successfully makes an emergency landing. Kay and Wad are hailed as heroes and, after the veteran pilot gets back his old job, takes up where they had left off.

"Without Orders" was directed by B-movie specialist Lew Landers, who would eventually helm nine aviation films including "Flight from Glory" (1937), "Sky Giant" (1938), "Air Hostess" (1939) and "Arctic Flight" (1952). The stars of "Without Orders" also had appeared in many aviation-themed films, with Sally Eilers starring in three films and Robert Armstrong in eight films.

"Without Orders" was primarily filmed from August 3 to late-August 1936, at the Grand Central Air Terminal at Glendale, California which stood in for both the Portland and Salt Lake City airports. The aircraft that was featured as the Amalgamated Air Lines airliner was the first Boeing 247D (NC2666), leased from Philips Petroleum Co. A Ryan ST-A was the aircraft seen as the record-breaking aircraft.

"Without Orders" was reviewed by B.R. Crisler at "The New York Times". He noted that the film "... deals with that previously celebrated conflict between stunt and transport piloting, nor exactly revolutionary in treatment, 'Without Orders' nonetheless, manages to be endurable and even fairly exciting aero-drama." Aviation film historian James Farmer considered "Without Orders", "above average" although the plot was a hackneyed love triangle.


</doc>
<doc id="43797847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43797847" title="Must Have Been Love">
Must Have Been Love

Must Have Been Love () is a 2013 Norwegian-Finnish romantic drama film directed by Eirik Svensson. The film was Svensson's directorial debut, and stars Pamela Tola and Espen Klouman Høiner. It was shot in Oslo, Helsinki, Istanbul and Berlin.



</doc>
<doc id="43798392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43798392" title="Condemned Women">
Condemned Women

Condemned Women is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Lionel Houser. The film stars Sally Eilers, Louis Hayward, Anne Shirley, Esther Dale and Lee Patrick. The film was released on March 18, 1938.



</doc>
<doc id="43800387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43800387" title="Blind Alibi">
Blind Alibi

Blind Alibi is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Lionel Houser, Harry Segall and Ron Ferguson. The film stars Richard Dix, Whitney Bourne, Eduardo Ciannelli, Frances Mercer and Paul Guilfoyle. The film was released on May 20, 1938, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43800739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43800739" title="Law of the Underworld">
Law of the Underworld

Law of the Underworld is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers and written by Bert Granet and Edmund L. Hartmann. The film stars Chester Morris, Anne Shirley, Eduardo Ciannelli, Walter Abel and Richard Bond. The film was released on May 6, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

A respected citizen with secret ties to the local mob is faced with revealing his criminal connections to save two innocent people from execution.



</doc>
<doc id="43801025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43801025" title="Fight for Your Lady">
Fight for Your Lady

Fight for Your Lady is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Ernest Pagano, Harry Segall and Harold Daniel Kusel. The film stars John Boles, Jack Oakie, Ida Lupino, Margot Grahame, Gordon Jones, Erik Rhodes, Billy Gilbert and Paul Guilfoyle. The film was released on November 5, 1937, by RKO Pictures.

"Honest" Ham Hamilton needs money. A wrestling promoter in London, he places a wager and tells his champion Mike Scanlon to lose on purpose, but Mike wins anyway to impress Marcia Trent, an actress who has bet on him to win.

Hamilton ingratiates himself with Marcia and her betrothed, singer Robert Densmore, then sees Robert become suicidally depressed after Marcia leaves him for Mike. On a night In Budapest, a drunken Robert is persuaded by equally inebriated reporter Jim Trask make a play for a nightclub singer, Marietta, and incur the wrath of her jealous beau, Spadissimo. He will be challenged to a duel and that will grant Robert's wish to die.

Trouble ensues when Marietta becomes genuinely attracted to Robert and lies that his mother desperately needs him. Spadissimo takes pity until Marcia informs him Robert has no mother. The duel is on until Hamilton throws himself at the swordsman's mercy on Robert's behalf, disguised as his mother.



</doc>
<doc id="43803092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43803092" title="Smashing the Rackets">
Smashing the Rackets

Smashing the Rackets is a 1938 American drama film directed by Lew Landers, written by Lionel Houser, and starring Chester Morris, Frances Mercer, Rita Johnson, Bruce Cabot and Edward Pawley. It was released on August 19, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

Jim 'Sock' Conway, former boxer and FBI hero, is maneuvered for political reasons into a do-nothing job in the district attorney's office. Meanwhile, he meets wild debutante Letty Lane, girlfriend of mob mouthpiece Steve Lawrence; and Letty's much nicer sister Susan. Now the slot machine gang brutally beats Jim's friends Franz and Otto. And Jim finds a way to use his nominal position to go into the racket- busting business. But his success puts Letty in deadly peril...



</doc>
<doc id="43803269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43803269" title="Don't Tell the Wife">
Don't Tell the Wife

Don't Tell the Wife is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne using a screenplay by Nat Perrin adapted from the play, "Once Over Lightly", written by George Holland. The film stars Guy Kibbee, Una Merkel, and Lynne Overman, with Lucille Ball, William Demarest, and Academy Award winner Hattie McDaniel in supporting roles. Produced by RKO Radio Pictures, it premiered in New York City on February 18, 1937, and was released nationwide on March 5.

While serving time in jail, Major Manning wins a mine in New Mexico from a fellow inmate. Upon his release, he hatches a scheme with several of his former associates to use the mine, which he believes worthless, to con rich New Yorkers. His first contact is with his old partner, Steve Dorsey, who has married a wealthy socialite, Nancy. Dorsey listens to Manning's plan, and agrees to head up the bogus investment company, having become bored with his suburban life. In order to induce the wealthy to invest in their bogus scheme, they hire an unwitting accomplice as their head of their company, Malcolm Winthrop. Winthrop adds legitimacy to the group since he was the financial editor of newspaper in Yonkers. After they hire Winthrop, they convince Nancy to invest most of her money in the scheme.

When Winthrop starts to become suspicious of his new partners, he travels to New Mexico to physically inspect the mining operation. He discovers that contrary to what Manning believes, it is actually potentially very profitable. He convinces Nancy to fund the project, and he buys up all the outstanding shares in the mine, gaining total control. By the time Manning understands what is going on, he is shut out of the mine, which turns into a moneymaker. Dorsey is forgiven by Nancy, and the two reconcile.


In October 1936 it was announced that Robert Sisk would be producing "Once Over Lightly", from a screenplay by Nat Perrin. Fred Stone was slated to headline the cast. Constance Worth and Barbara Pepper were attached to the project the following month. In the middle of January, RKO announced that the project's name had been changed to "Don't Tell the Wife".
By the beginning of February 1937, the picture was in the edit room. The National Legion of Decency rated the picture as a class A-1, making it unobjectionable for general audiences. "Don't Tell the Wife" was released on March 5, 1937.

"The Film Daily" gave the picture a good review, calling it a good satirical comedy. They singled out Kibbee's performance, and gave good marks to Sisk's production, Cabanne's direction and Wilde's cinematography. They called the film a "Well-paced humor-filled feature whose frothy dialogue pop audiences will enjoy". "Harrison's Reports" was less kind, calling it a "below average program picture". They felt the comedy consisted of routine gags, and an unbelievable romantic element. "Motion Picture Daily" enjoyed the film calling it an amusing comedy, despite its predictable plot. They gave good marks to Cabanne's direction and Sisk's production, and felt that Perrin's dialogue was well done. In terms of the cast, they felt that Guinn Williams, Lucille Ball, Bradley Page, and William Demarest all gave good performances.



</doc>
<doc id="43804992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43804992" title="Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley's Island of Dr. Moreau">
Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley's Island of Dr. Moreau

Lost Soul: The Doomed Journey of Richard Stanley’s Island of Dr. Moreau is a 2014 documentary that was directed by David Gregory. The film had its world premiere at the London FrightFest Film Festival on August 24, 2014, and covers Richard Stanley's experiences while he conceived and developed the project, as well as his time as director for the 1996 film "The Island of Dr. Moreau" and the aftermath of his departure and the effect it had on the cast, crew, and overall film.

In "Lost Soul" Gregory looks at the filming of "The Island of Dr. Moreau", specifically the period during which director Richard Stanley spent on the project. Stanley was brought on to the project early but was fired only a few days after principal photography began and was replaced by John Frankenheimer. The documentary looks into Stanley's vision for the film, as he had spent years working on the movie's script and had intended for Bruce Willis to star as Edward Douglas, a role that was later given to David Thewlis. "Lost Soul" features interviews with several people involved with the movie's production and focuses on various aspects of the film, including numerous changes to the script and the difficulties the cast and crew members had to deal with on the set.


Critical reception for "Lost Soul" has been positive and the film has received praise from "Nerdly" and "Shock Till You Drop", with the latter describing it as a "must see". "IGN" rated "Lost Soul" favorably and summed it up as "a no-holds-barred making of documentary that proves that fact really is stranger than fiction."

The film premiered as part of the London FrightFest Film Festival on 24 August 2014. The film screened at the IFI's Horrorthon 2014 in Dublin, Ireland In the United States premiered in a limited screening in February 2015, with a start in Austin, Texas on 25 February and an end on 30 March in Scottsdale, Arizona. It was also part of Phoenix International Horror & Sci-Fi Film Festival and screened on 30 March 2015 in the Harkins Scottsdale 101 Theatre in Arizona.

Other documentaries about troubled movie productions:




</doc>
<doc id="43806691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43806691" title="Papa: Hemingway in Cuba">
Papa: Hemingway in Cuba

Papa: Hemingway in Cuba is a 2015 Canadian-American biographical film. It was written by Denne Bart Petitclerc, and directed by Bob Yari. The film is based on events from Ernest Hemingway's life in Havana, Cuba in the 1950s, and on a friendship that developed there between Hemingway and Petitclerc, who was then a young journalist. The film received generally unfavorable reviews.

In 1959, young journalist Ed Myers (a character representing Petitclerc) is working for a Miami newspaper. He wants to be a writer and had long admired Ernest Hemingway, then living in Cuba. Myers writes to Hemingway and is surprised when he answers, inviting the journalist to Cuba to go fishing with him. While the Cuban Revolution comes to a boil around them, Hemingway advises Myers on his writing. Myers continues to write articles for his newspaper, reporting on the Revolution.

An early scene from the film depicts rebels allied with Fidel Castro bursting into a street near Havana's Government Palace to confront soldiers loyal to the government of Fulgencio Batista. Hemingway and Myers take cover, with Hemingway guiding Myers through the war zone. They gradually develop a friendship and Myers spends an increasing amount of time with Hemingway and his fourth wife Mary.


Petitclerc had written the screenplay and had begun working on production of the film at the time of his death in 2006.

Production on location in Cuba concluded in May 2014. It was the first Hollywood film to be filmed in Cuba since the 1959 revolution, according to "The Hollywood Reporter." The filmmakers received permission to film inside Finca Vigía, Hemingway's residence from 1939 to 1960. The government later adapted it as a national museum. Hemingway wrote "For Whom the Bell Tolls" and "The Old Man and the Sea" at Finca Vigía.

The film's title, "Papa", was Hemingway's nickname. He was called "Papa" by his colleagues and admirers, as well as his family.

"Papa: Hemingway in Cuba" received generally negative reviews from critics. , it had an aggregate score of 37 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

On Rotten Tomatoes, , the film had an audience rating of 77%, countered by a critics' approval rating of 8% (based on 38 critic reviews). A "Critic's Consensus" quoted Hemingway's "The Old Man and the Sea" (1952) in concluding, "A man can be destroyed but not defeated, although the desultory "Papa: Hemingway in Cuba" makes one feel as if both can be accomplished by watching a single film."




</doc>
<doc id="43807003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43807003" title="Go Chase Yourself">
Go Chase Yourself

Go Chase Yourself is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Paul Yawitz and Bert Granet. The film stars Joe Penner, Lucille Ball, Richard Lane, June Travis, Fritz Feld and Tom Kennedy. The film was released on April 22, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

A milquetoast bank clerk finds himself stuck in a speeding trailer towed by gangsters after a bank robbery goes awry. Unfortunately for him, the police and even his own domineering wife, believe that he is the robber and so head off in hot pursuit precipitated by a fast-paced merry chase.



</doc>
<doc id="43807407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43807407" title="Double Danger (1938 film)">
Double Danger (1938 film)

Double Danger is a 1938 American crime drama directed by Lew Landers, using a screenplay by Arthur T. Horman and J. Robert Bren based on Horman's story. The film stars Preston Foster and Whitney Bourne, with supporting roles by Donald Meek and Samuel S. Hinds. Produced by RKO Radio Pictures, it was released on January 28, 1938.

Robert Crane is a novelist who is writing a series of novels about "The Gentleman", a jewel thief. The novels are based on a real-life thief who goes by the same name. Crane's good friend, David Theron, is the police commissioner. Theron suspects two people of being The Gentlemen: his friend Crane, and Carolyn Morgan. Theron sets a trap by inviting them both to his house for the weekend, letting it be known that he will be keeping a set of famous jewels, the Konjer diamonds, in his safe. It is Theron's plan to have a duplicate set of false diamonds in their place.

The week prior to the event, Morgan and her accomplice, Taylor, steal the authentic Konjer diamonds from the jeweler, Gordon Ainsley. Learning about the theft, Crane and his partner, Fentriss, steal the stones from Morgan. Since both thieves have already accepted Theron's invitation, if they do not show up for the weekend, they will confirm his suspicions. Theron lets it be known that the diamonds stolen from Ainsley were fakes, and that he is in possession of the real Konjer collection. When the two teams of crooks arrive at Theron's house, Morgan falls for his deception, while Crane does not.

That night, she steals the fake diamonds. Crane, meanwhile has fallen in love with her, and in order to protect her, he returns the originals to Theron. Theron suggests to Crane that the two leave the country, and that Crane write the final book in his "The Gentleman" series. Crane and Morgan take him up on his offer.


The original title of this film was "The Shadow Speaks", which led some media outlets to incorrectly link the picture with the popular magazine (and later radio) series featuring a character named, "The Shadow". That same year Grand National Films was beginning production on the second of their Shadow film series, starring Rod LaRocque, the working title of which was also "The Shadow Speaks" (although the final title was "International Crime"). Later that month, RKO announced that they were changing the title of their film to "The Perfect Alibi". The movie went into production on December 2, 1937. By the end of the month the film was in the editing room. At the beginning of January 1938, the title of the picture was changed from "The Perfect Alibi" to "Double Danger". The film was released on January 28, 1938. The National Legion of Decency gave the film an A-2 classification, calling it suitable for adult audiences. Maury Cohen, former founder and president of Invincible Films, had joined RKO in 1936 with great fanfare. This was his sixth and final film for his new studio.

"A mild crook melodrama..." was how "Harrison's Reports" described the picture, saying it lacked excitement and suspense, and called the story "far-fetched." "Photoplay" was more kind to the film, finding it "fascinating", and they particularly enjoyed the performances of Preston Foster and Whitney Bourne. The "Motion Picture Herald" gave the film a good review, feeling the satirical edge to the piece gave an unusual and pleasing angle to a crime a drama. They applauded Lew Landers' restraint as a director, which kept the film's comedy from becoming to broad, and they also gave credit to the screenplay of Arthur Horman and J. Robert Bren, which they felt had a nice balance of suspense, humor, romance and satire. "Motion Picture Daily" also gave "Double Danger" a favorable review, enjoying its mixture of comedy, suspense, and romance. They highlighted Landers' direction, and complimented the acting corps, especially Cecil Kellaway and Samuel Hinds. While they found the storyline weak, "The Film Daily" thought the film was enjoyable, with good comedic and action sequences. They credited Landers with a good directorial stint, and singled out the performances of Foster, Bourne, Hinds as laudable, and also complimented the work of Paul Guilfoyle, Donald Meek, and Arthur Lake.


</doc>
<doc id="43808554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43808554" title="Next Time I Marry">
Next Time I Marry

Next Time I Marry is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin and written by John Twist and Helen Meinardi. The film stars Lucille Ball, James Ellison, Lee Bowman, Granville Bates and Mantan Moreland. The film was released on December 9, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

In this screwy romantic comedy, a young woman (Lucille Ball) stands to inherit $20 million provided she marries an American citizen. Unfortunately, she is in love with a handsome foreigner. To get the money, she marries the first Yankee she runs across—with every intention of obtaining a quickie divorce in Reno as soon as the money comes through. The bickersome newlyweds take a trailer and set off across the country to Reno, but through a series of zany mishaps and adventures they realize that they are slowly falling in love.


</doc>
<doc id="43808902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43808902" title="Lucky Stiff (film)">
Lucky Stiff (film)

Lucky Stiff is a 1988 American black comedy film written by Pat Proft and directed by Anthony Perkins. It is his only directing credit apart from "Psycho III".

Ron Douglas takes a holiday in the mountains to recover from his bride running away on their wedding day. There he meets Cynthia Mitchell, who invites him home for Christmas dinner with her family, cannibalistic descendants of the Donner Party. He unexpectedly bumps into his ex-fiancée, who is engaged to one of Cynthia's close relatives. He also discovers that he is going to be killed and eaten by Cynthia's family. He manages to successfully escape with his ex-fiancée and she agrees to go through with the wedding.


Filming took place in Truckee, California.

The film was released in the United States in November 1988, followed by Australia on December 7, 1989, France on February 21, 1990, and Portugal on March 15, 1991. While a box office failure, the film developed a cult following due to its quotable dialogue and exposure in "Fangoria", who did a feature on the film.



</doc>
<doc id="43810771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43810771" title="Mr. Doodle Kicks Off">
Mr. Doodle Kicks Off

Mr. Doodle Kicks Off is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Bert Granet. The film stars Joe Penner, June Travis, Richard Lane, Ben Alexander and Billy Gilbert. The film was released on October 7, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

Ellory Bugs has offered a huge donation to his old alma mater, Taylor Tech, which is to be paid only if his son, Jimmie "Doodle" Bugs, becomes a football hero. But "Doodle" tips the scales at 143 pounds and is more interested in the band than the football team. Janice Martin, daughter of the college president, is the great thing in "Doodle's" life, but she despises him and has eyes only for Mickey Wells, the school football star. "Doodle" is consoled by Professor Minorous, of the Greek Mythology department who tells him that the gods will solve all of his problems, and starts right in to make communications with these worthies by means of countless and meaningless blackboard equations.



</doc>
<doc id="43816050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43816050" title="Night Spot">
Night Spot

Night Spot is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Lionel Houser. The film stars Harry Parke, Allan Lane, Gordon Jones, Joan Woodbury, and Lee Patrick. The film was released on February 25, 1938, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43816485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43816485" title="Border G-Man">
Border G-Man

Border G-Man is a 1938 American adventure film directed by David Howard and written by Oliver Drake. The film stars George O'Brien, Laraine Day, Ray Whitley, John Miljan and Rita La Roy. The film was released on June 24, 1938, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43817099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43817099" title="The Big Shot (1937 film)">
The Big Shot (1937 film)

The Big Shot is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Edward Killy from a screenplay by Arthur T. Horman and Bert Granet, based on a story by Lawrence Pohle and Thomas Ahearn. The film stars Guy Kibbee, Cora Witherspoon, Dorothy Moore, and Russell Hicks. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film premiered on July 23, 1937.

Bertram Simms is a veterinarian in a small town, who is quite content with his place in life. When he inherits a large estate and fortune from an unknown relative, he wants to continue living in the small town. His wife, Elizabeth, has other plans, wanting to see their daughter, Peggy, enter into high society in the city where Bertram's relative (an uncle) used to live. Upon their arrival in the uncle's mansion things do not seem to add up properly.

Unbeknownst to the Simms, Bertram's uncle was the leader of a criminal gang. When Bertram is persuaded by Peggy's boyfriend, Chet, to purchase the newspaper that Chet works for which had been closed down by the gang, he restarts the paper's crusade to rid the city of its criminal element. When Elizabeth is conned into throwing a massive gala by the leader of the gang, Martin Blake, she believes the party will be the host to the crème de la crème of the city's society. During the party, Bertram is mistakenly identified as the leader of the city's criminal underworld. In spite of the misidentification, Bertram is cleared of any wrongdoing, and Blake and his men are apprehended by the police.


During production the title of the film was "Take the Heir".

"The Film Daily" gave the film a positive review, stating that the "High content of laughs and able performances mark pleasing comedy". They went on to say that Killy's direction maximized the performances, while applauding the camera work of Nicholas Musuraca. "Harrison's Reports" was less flattering, calling it "mildly amusing", and commenting that it was slow-moving and that the plot was less than believable. They did compliment Kibbee on his performance. "Modern Screen" also felt it was "mildly diverting", and while they thought the concept was amusing, they were less than pleased with the screenplay, and felt that Cora Witherspoon's performance was poor. "Motion Picture Daily" was slightly more positive, also calling the film amusing, but felt the plot had several interesting twists, and praised Edward Killey's direction.



</doc>
<doc id="43817770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43817770" title="Saturday's Heroes">
Saturday's Heroes

Saturday's Heroes is a 1937 American drama film directed by Edward Killy from a screenplay by Paul Yawitz, Charles Kaufman, and David Silverstein based on George Templeton's story. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film stars Van Heflin, Marian Marsh, Richard Lane, Alan Bruce, and Willie Best.

Val Webster is the quarterback of Calton College's football team, but besides dealing with criticism of his play, Val needs money, which he gets by scalping tickets to the games.

A teammate, Ted Calkins, commits suicide after being caught moonlighting at a job, and Val's ticket scheme is exposed as well, causing university president Hammond to expel him. Disgusted by the hypocrisy in college athletics, where the school reaps hundreds of thousands of dollars while the athletes stay broke, Val teams with sportswriter Red Watson to bring attention to the matter, with girlfriend Frances providing moral support.

Val lands a job coaching for a rival college. When its game against Calton comes up, the outcome convinces Hammond and others that something must be done to change the unjust way student-athletes are rewarded for their play. 



</doc>
<doc id="43817930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43817930" title="Fugitives for a Night">
Fugitives for a Night

Fugitives for a Night is a 1938 American Mystery film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Dalton Trumbo. The film stars Frank Albertson, Eleanor Lynn, Allan Lane, Bradley Page and Adrienne Ames. The film was released on September 23, 1938, by RKO Pictures.

A Hollywood actor is accused of murder and attempts to scheme his way out of it.



</doc>
<doc id="43818880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43818880" title="Crime Ring (film)">
Crime Ring (film)

Crime Ring is a 1938 American crime drama film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by J. Robert Bren and Gladys Atwater, based on a story by Reginald Taviner. The film stars Allan Lane and Frances Mercer, and was produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, released on July 8, 1938.

A ring of phony fortune tellers, led by Marvin, "the sightless seer" is in league with racketeers to defraud wealthy clients. Joe Ryan, a reporter, and Judy Allen, an actress agree to help the police by going undercover to expose the ring. Judy poses as a fortune teller, with the help of her friend, Kitty, who is a ventriloquist. While Ryan and Kitty are setting up the trap, Ryan's rich friend, Phoebe Sawyer is duped by Marvin, who along with Lionel Whitmore, a personal finance manager, and Ray Taylor, an attorney. They set her up to take a long voyage, while they forge her name on a power of attorney and steal her fortune.

While Phoebe is falling Marvin's ploy, Ryan has successfully convinced the racketeering ring that he has been duped by Judy, and has the goods on them. Smelling a trap, the gangster Jenner has Ryan picked up to be "taken for a ride", by his two fellow gangsters, Dummy and Slim. Ryan is rescued by the police, who were sent by the assistant district attorney, Tom Redwine.

Whitmore has Marvin killed, believing that Phoebe has left the country, and puts the plan to liquidate her assets in motion. In order to entrap Whitmore, Redwine has Dummy and slim released, who then, with the help of Phoebe, confronts and arrests Taylor. Hoping to escape, Whitmore kidnaps Judy and Kitty to use as a shield. However, the two girls are rescued by Joe and Redwine, along with the police.


(Cast list as per AFI database

The working title for the movie was "Cheating the Stars". Les Goodwins had been directing comedy shorts prior to this picture, which marked his directorial debut on a feature film. The film was shot partially at RKO's Encino property in the San Fernando Valley.
In June 1938 it was announced that Jack MacKenzie would handle the photography on the picture. At the beginning of June, the release date was announced as July 8. The picture finished filming by mid-May, one day ahead of schedule, and was being edited by the end of the month. As of June 24, the film was still being edited. When the film was released on July 8, it was the 38th picture released by RKO in 1938. The National Legion of Decency rated the film class A-1, making it suitable for general patronage.

MacKenzie's was said to have done "...an excellent job on photography." "The Film Daily" said the film was "fast moving" with "plenty of action." They complimented the acting, and felt the plot was well thought out. "Harrison's Reports" gave the film an average review, calling it a fair melodrama, but finding the plot a bit implausible. The magazine did feel that the film maintained its level of suspense. The "Motion Picture Herald" enjoyed the film, calling it topical and promising.



</doc>
<doc id="43818971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43818971" title="The Day the Bookies Wept">
The Day the Bookies Wept

The Day the Bookies Wept is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Bert Granet and George Jeske. The film stars Joe Penner, Betty Grable, Richard Lane, Tom Kennedy and Thurston Hall. The film was released on September 15, 1939, by RKO Pictures.

Pooling their resources, New York City taxi drivers designate Ernie Ambrose to go to Kentucky and buy them a racehorse. Ernie leaves behind his sweetheart Ina and spends all their money on a horse, relying on advice from a fake "colonel" by buying a nag called Hiccup.

The horse is useless until Ina discovers via the colonel that Hiccup has a taste for beer. At long odds, she bets $2,000 on the drunken horse to win, which it does, bankrupting bookies all over town.


</doc>
<doc id="43819632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43819632" title="Too Many Girls (film)">
Too Many Girls (film)

Too Many Girls is a 1940 American musical comedy film directed by George Abbott, written by John Twist, and starring Lucille Ball, Richard Carlson, Ann Miller, Eddie Bracken, Frances Langford, Desi Arnaz and Hal Le Roy. It was released on October 8, 1940, by RKO Pictures. Both Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball credited the production for bringing them together. They married on November 30, 1940, less than two months after the film's release.

Mr Casey's daughter, Connie, wants to go to Pottawatomie College and without her knowledge he sends four football players as her bodyguards. The college is in financial trouble and her bodyguards use their salary to help the college. The football players join the college team, and the team becomes one of the best. One of the football players, Clint, falls in love with Connie, but when she discovers he is her bodyguard, she decides to go back East. The bodyguards follow her, leaving the team in the lurch.


</doc>
<doc id="43822569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43822569" title="Mexican Spitfire Out West">
Mexican Spitfire Out West

Mexican Spitfire Out West is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Jack Townley. It is the sequel to the 1940 film "Mexican Spitfire" and the second of the film series. The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Donald Woods, Elisabeth Risdon and Cecil Kellaway. The film was released on November 29, 1940, by RKO Pictures.

The Mexican spitfire goes to the wild wild west and has many great adventures with Mat.



</doc>
<doc id="43823606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43823606" title="Arizona Legion">
Arizona Legion

Arizona Legion is a 1939 American western film directed by David Howard from a screenplay by Oliver Drake, based on Bernard McConville's story. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, it was released on January 20, 1939, and stars George O'Brien and Laraine Day (billed under her earlier stage name of Laraine Johnson).

Boone Yeager has sold his ranch and cattle, and now spends his days drinking, gambling, and hanging around a gang of very disreputable individuals. His fiancé, Letty Meade, is distraught over his sudden change in behavior and breaks off their engagement. In addition, his longtime friend Bob Ives, a lieutenant in the local army troop, also severs his relationship with Yeager in response to Yeager's recent activities. However, it is revealed that Letty's father, Judge Meade, has empowered Yeager to infiltrate the local gang and hunt down its leader, while at the same time organizing the Arizona Rangers. 

Yeager gets in good with the gang, but cannot get them to reveal who their leader is. Finally, he participates in a stagecoach hold-up with the gang, along with his friend, Whooper Hatch. However, during the hold-up Yeager, Hatch, and two of the gang members are captured and thrown in jail. While behind bars, Yeager finally learns the true identity of the gang leader, who happens to be the local commissioner, Teagle. Yeager gets a meeting with his old friend, Ives, who he tries to tell the truth to, but Ives refuses to believe his story. Even worse, after leaving the meeting, Ives blows Yeager's cover to Teagle. 

Yeager and Hatch manage to escape, and they round up the Arizona Rangers and go after the gang. When the local cavalry arrive, the gang is routed, and all are arrested, as well as recovering all the money the gang had stolen. Letty and Boone are reunited, and she once again accepts his engagement ring. 


In the beginning of November 1938 it was revealed that the name of the picture would be "Arizona Legion", and would star George O'Brien. It was O'Brien's tenth film in two years for RKO, and it was his nineteenth pairing with director David Howard. Shortly after, it was revealed that Laraine Day (as Laraine Johnson) was cast as the female lead. Slated to begin earlier, production on the film was delayed, but finally took place from November 8-23. Although both "Motion Picture Daily" and "Motion Picture Herald" give the date of the close of filming as November 25. Some of the exterior sequences were shot at Santa Susana, California. Editing on the picture had begun by December 3, and continued through the end of December. The rest of the cast of the film was revealed by the end of December, including Chill Wills, Carlyle Moore, Edward Le Saint, Harry Cording, Tom Chatterton, William Royle, Glen Strange, Monty Montague, Joe Rickson, and Robert Burns. By mid-January, the release date was scheduled for January 20. The film was released on January 20, 1939. The National Legion of Decency gave the film a Class A-1 designation, meaning it was unobjectionable to general audiences.

"Harrison's Reports" gave the film a favorable review, calling it "George O'Brien's best western to date." While they felt the script was weak, they felt the direction, photography, and acting more than made up for the script's deficiency, stating: "Romance and comedy are interpolated without interfering with the action." "Motion Picture Daily" also gave the film a positive review saying, "Here's a western sure to thrill the outdoor action adventure fans." And "not very often has spectacular action been made so much an integral part of a picture." They enjoyed the script better than "Harrison's Reports", calling it "believable," and also complimented Howard's direction. They enjoyed Day's performance, and highlighted the work of the supporting cast: Chatterton, Cording, and Strange as the bad guys, and Le Saint as O'Brien's friend. They particularly highlighted Wills' work, calling him "the source of the story's comedy content and in every appearance he should provoke laughter." "Motion Picture Herald" was most enthusiastic about the film, also calling it the "...best picture George O'Brien ever made." They felt Day's romance with O'Brien was better than those in other westerns, and gave high marks to Chill Wills' performance. Overall they stated: "It has everything that a soundly constructed outdoor motion picture is supposed to have – romance, melodrama, comedy, musical and tall story telling interludes and thrills ... The natural outdoor settings are objects of pictorial beauty. The caliber of acting throughout is high grade."



</doc>
<doc id="43823790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43823790" title="The Mexican Spitfire's Baby">
The Mexican Spitfire's Baby

The Mexican Spitfire's Baby is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Jerome Cady. It is the sequel to the 1940 film "Mexican Spitfire Out West". The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, ZaSu Pitts, Elisabeth Risdon and Fritz Feld. The film was released on November 28, 1941, by RKO Pictures.

The Lindsays decide to adopt a war orphan, except this refugee turns out to be a glamour girl 20-something orphaned during World War One.


</doc>
<doc id="43823920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43823920" title="Do I Sound Gay?">
Do I Sound Gay?

Do I Sound Gay? is a 2014 American documentary film by David Thorpe, which explores the existence and accuracy of stereotypes about the speech patterns of gay men, and the ways in which one's degree of conformity to the stereotype can contribute to internalized homophobia. Other figures participating in the film include Dan Savage, George Takei, David Sedaris, Tim Gunn, and Margaret Cho, as well as University of Toronto linguist Ron Smyth.

The film was funded in part by a Kickstarter campaign in the spring of 2014.

David Thorpe becomes concerned that his gay-sounding voice is limiting his opportunities in life. He visits two speech therapists to evaluate his condition and help him gain control of his speaking voice. Eventually he realized that he intentionally changed his voice at about age 17 when he came out and wanted others to know he was gay.

David Thorpe, director had always been self-conscious about his voice. When Thorpe did not have a lot of confidence, he described his voice as "I felt bad about being effeminate and how my voice was the leading edge of my effeminacy". Production of "Do I Sound Gay?" was crowdfunded through a Kickstarter campaign launched by Thorpe on April 30, 2014. the campaign would go on to raise $120,573 out of $115,000 goal with 1,968 backers.

"Do I Sound Gay?" opened theatrically in one venue on July 10, 2015, and earned $10,461 in its first weekend. At the end of its run, six weeks later on August 20, the film had expanded to 18 theaters and grossed $108,620 domestically.

On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 81% based on 47 reviews, with an average rating of 6.54/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Do I Sound Gay?" proves to be a light, affable, entertaining look at a largely unexplored issue"." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 65 out of 100, based on 16 critics, indicating "Generally favorable reviews".

Leslie Felperin writing for "The Guardian" said that, "the point is inclusiveness, not conclusiveness, and that makes this open, honest and endearingly slapdash work especially interesting ". Writing for "Variety", Andrew Barker wrote that, "The film does lose its way at times, especially during its long look at the evolution of cinematic gay stereotypes — still a worthwhile subject of study, though one that’s been explored more thoroughly elsewhere — and the ending is a little pat". Sara Stewart of "New York Post" wrote, "Thorpe does elicit entertaining, thoughtful and sometimes deeply sad insights".

Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote, "Thorpe’s topic might have been better served in a broader-based documentary about LGBT stereotypes than as the basis for an entire film". Danielle Davenport of the "One Room With A View" said that, "On the whole, "Do I Sound Gay?" is didactic and empowering, but not overly rigorous; its encouraging premise is not entirely satisfied". Clayton Dillard of the "Slant Magazine" wrote that, "["Do I Sound Gay?"] a film that only superficially engages its topic, preferring communal confirmation over more rigorous, troubled grapplings".

The film was first runner-up for the at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. "Do I Sound Gay?" won Best Documentary Feature at the 2015 KASHISH Mumbai International Queer Film Festival.




</doc>
<doc id="43824051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43824051" title="Bang Bang Baby">
Bang Bang Baby

Bang Bang Baby is a Canadian musical science-fiction film written and directed by Jeffrey St. Jules, which premiered in 2014 at Toronto International Film Festival.

The film stars Jane Levy as Stepphy, a teenager living in the small town of Lonely Arms whose dreams of becoming a famous singer are dashed when her alcoholic father George (Peter Stormare) refuses to let her enter a singing competition in New York City. Her fate may change, however, when her idol Bobby Shore (Justin Chatwin) shows up in town after his car breaks down. Meanwhile, a dangerous leak at the local chemical plant is beginning to turn the local townsfolk into mutants.

The film won the award for Best Canadian First Feature Film at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, and was named the winner of the 2014 Claude Jutra Award. The TIFF jury remarked, "For its ingenious mixing of genres, sophisticated blend of tones and ability to create its own strange, tragicomic and original world without sacrificing any richness in regards to story, character and emotion, the jury recognizes as Best Canadian First Feature Film "Bang Bang Baby" by Jeffrey St. Jules." The award carries a cash prize of $15,000.

The film garnered two Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 3rd Canadian Screen Awards, for Best Supporting Actor (Chatwin) and Best Overall Sound (Christopher Guglick, Dave Mercel, Steve Moore, Justin Sawyer and Alex Turner).

Bang Bang Baby premiered in 2014 at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 8. The film was also screened at Santa Barbara International Film Festival on February 5, 2015 and Omaha Film Festival on March 11. The film opened in select theaters in Canada on August 21, 2015 distributed by Search Engine Films. On November 10, 2015 the film was released in U.S through video on demand by Random Media.

"Bang Bang Baby" received mixed reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a rating of 57%, based on 7 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10. Bruce Demara of "Toronto Star" gave the film a negative review writing: "St. Jules clearly has talent. What he needs is a story that maintains its consistent level of zany wit from beginning to end.". However, Glenn Sumi of Now Toronto gave the film a positive review writing: "St. Jules's script takes too many detours, and many plot points aren't carried through. Sometimes the meta film jokes feel strained. But he gets strong performances from the cast, who all channel 60s archetypes while maintaining their individuality."


</doc>
<doc id="43824318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43824318" title="Mexican Spitfire at Sea">
Mexican Spitfire at Sea

Mexican Spitfire at Sea is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Jerome Cady. It is the sequel to the 1941 film "The Mexican Spitfire's Baby". The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, ZaSu Pitts, Elisabeth Risdon and Florence Bates. The film was released on March 13, 1942, by RKO Pictures.

Carmelita Lindsay believes she's finally going away on a honeymoon. Her husband Dennis secretly intends to use this ocean voyage to sell advertising to the well-to-do Baldwins, with help from his Uncle Matt and Aunt Delia.

A quarrel results in Dennis being thrown out of his cabin by Carmelita and into one occupied by Fifi Russell, where the Baldwins spot him. Mistaken identities multiply thereafter, with Uncle Matt posing as a British lord and passenger Emily Pepper as his wife, "Lady Epping."

By the time the boat is about to dock, Carmelita has nearly ended up married to a man named George Skinner before an alarm is set off, sending passengers scurrying overboard. 



</doc>
<doc id="43824535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43824535" title="Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost">
Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost

Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Monte Brice. It is the sequel to the 1942 film "Mexican Spitfire at Sea". The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, Elisabeth Risdon, Donald MacBride and Minna Gombell. The film was released on June 26, 1942, by RKO Pictures. 

It is notorious as the film representing the top half of a double bill, in which the film at the bottom of the bill was Orson Welles' now-classic second feature film The Magnificent Ambersons, also produced by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43825702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43825702" title="Almost a Gentleman (1939 film)">
Almost a Gentleman (1939 film)

Almost a Gentleman is a 1939 American drama film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by David Silverstein and Jo Pagano, based on the story by Harold Shumate. The film stars James Ellison, Helen Wood and Robert Kent. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on March 31, 1939.

After his new wife's family convinces her to leave him, attorney Dan Preston leaves his law practice and sets off to travel around the country as a vagabond. When he returns home he finds his house rented by a novelist, Shirley Haddon. He adopts a mongrel dog, Picardy Max, and sets out to avenge himself against his ex-wife's family by entering Max into dog shows to compete against their pedigreed animals. Preston also begins a romantic relationship with Haddon.

Robert Mabrey, Preston's ex-brother-in-law, takes great stock in his dog winning the competition, and when he learns that Max is quite impressive in his training, he begins to get a bit concerned. When a local bully is killed by a wild animal, Mabrey sees an opportunity to rid himself of the competition, and blames the attack on Max. Faced with the impending execution of the dog, Preston resumes his legal robes and defends the dog in court. During the hearing it is discovered that the man was killed by an escaped wildcat from a visiting circus, and Max is vindicated.

When Marian Mabrey, Preston's ex-wife, is kidnapped, Max tracks the culprits down and she is saved by Preston and Max. Preston and Robert Mabrey reconcile, and Preston and Haddon begin a life together.

The film's original title was "Picardy Max", the name of the dog in the picture. This was the third film which featured Ace, the Wonder Dog; the first two were "Blind Alibi" (1938), and "The Rookie Cop" (1939). In August 1938, "Picardy Max" was one of twelve films which were set to shortly begin production for RKO, and "Variety" reported that production on the film would begin on September 7, 1938. In October, Chester Morris was attached to the picture, although he did not appear in the final version. In November, it was reported that RKO had signed Ellison to a contract, and the following month it was announced he had been selected to play the lead in "Picardy Max". At the same time it was revealed that the story would be penned by Harold Shumate, and Leslie Goodwins would direct under the production of Cliff Reid. Even though production was scheduled to begin in September, it was delayed, and "Variety" announced in December that it would begin filming in January. Production on the picture began in the first week of January 1939, and lasted through the end of February.

In February, "Variety" reported that the title of the film was changed from "Picardy Max", to "Almost a Gentleman", and the premier date was set for March 31. In mid-March the National Legion of Decency classified the film as suitable all audiences, Class A-I. The film was released on March 31, 1939. The film was released in the U.K. under the title "Magnificent Outcast".

"The Film Bulletin" did not speak highly of the film, calling it "feeble", and of "negligible entertainment value". The magazine claimed the plot and acting were both amateurish with "practically nothing to offer". "Variety" also did not give the film a positive review, calling it "dull" and saying the only saving grace for the film was the performance of Ace. The National Board of Review selected the film as one of its picks for suitability for both family and juvenile audiences. "Harrison's Reports" gave the picture a lukewarm reception, calling it "...suitable mostly for those who enjoy pictures about dogs." They found the lead unsympathetic, but blamed that on the script, for they found his romance with Wood "pleasant." "Motion Picture Daily" said, "The world's people are of two kinds with reference to dogs. Some like them and some don't. This, like all dog pictures, is for those who do." Outside of the scenes which showcased Ace, they felt the film was simply routine.



</doc>
<doc id="43826770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43826770" title="Mexican Spitfire's Elephant">
Mexican Spitfire's Elephant

Mexican Spitfire's Elephant is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts. It is the sequel to the 1942 film "Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost". The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Walter Reed, Elisabeth Risdon, Lydia Bilbrook, Marion Martin, Lyle Talbot and Luis Alberni. The film was released on September 11, 1942, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43829061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43829061" title="Rambo: Last Blood">
Rambo: Last Blood

Rambo: Last Blood is a 2019 American action film directed by Adrian Grunberg. The screenplay, co-written by Matthew Cirulnick and Sylvester Stallone (from a story by Dan Gordon and Stallone), is based on the character John Rambo created by author David Morrell for his novel "First Blood". The story follows the titular Vietnam War veteran (reprised by Stallone) as he travels to Mexico to save his adopted daughter, who has been kidnapped by a Mexican cartel and forced into prostitution. A sequel to "Rambo" (2008), it is the fifth installment in the "Rambo" franchise and co-stars Paz Vega, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Adriana Barraza, Yvette Monreal, Genie Kim, Joaquín Cosío, and Oscar Jaenada.

Plans for a fifth film were announced on and off again since 2008, with different iterations developed and cancelled. The film was finally announced in May 2018, with Grunberg attached to direct. Principal photography began in October 2018 in Bulgaria and Spain and ended in December 2018, with additional photography in May 2019. Brian Tyler returned to score the film.

"Rambo: Last Blood" was theatrically released in the United States on September 20, 2019, to negative reviews, with criticisms aimed at the script, graphic violence, and racist and xenophobic attitudes toward Mexico. The film grossed $91 million worldwide against a production budget of $50 million.

Eleven years after the events in Burma, Vietnam War veteran John Rambo lives in Bowie, Arizona at his deceased father's horse ranch, which he manages with his old friend, Maria Beltran, and her granddaughter, Gabriela. Gabriela tells Rambo that a friend of hers, Gizelle, has found Gabriela's biological father, Miguel, in Mexico. Both Rambo and Maria tell her not to go to Mexico, but Gabriela secretly drives there to ask why Miguel abandoned her and her mother years ago. Gizelle leads Gabriela to Miguel's apartment, where he coldly tells her that he never really cared for Gabriela or her mother.
Gizelle takes a heartbroken Gabriela to a nearby club, where Gabriela is drugged and kidnapped by the enforcers of a Mexican cartel. Meanwhile, Maria informs Rambo of Gabriela's disappearance in Mexico. Rambo rushes to Mexico and interrogates both Miguel and Gizelle about Gabriela's whereabouts. Gizelle reluctantly leads Rambo to the club where Gabriela was last seen and confronts El Flaco, the man who last spoke with Gabriela. A mysterious woman, Carmen Delgado, tails Rambo as El Flaco leads him to Gabriela's location. Rambo is immediately confronted, beaten and marked by the cartel, led by the brothers Hugo and Victor Martinez. They take his driver's license with the location of Rambo's ranch and a photo of Gabriela, whom Victor recognizes. The cartel vow to mistreat Gabriela further due to Rambo's actions.

Carmen takes Rambo back to her home where she cares for him until he fully recovers after four days. While Rambo is cared for by Carmen, Gabriela is stripped and consistently dosed with heroin and sold to be raped repeatedly. Carmen says she is an independent journalist who has been investigating the Martinez brothers, who kidnapped and murdered her sister. Rambo later raids one of the brothels, killing several men until he finds a drugged Gabriela. While driving back home in his pickup, Rambo thanks Gabriela for giving him hope for ten years but she dies from the forced overdose. An enraged Rambo sends Maria away and rigs the ranch with traps for a confrontation, and later returns to Mexico to ask for Carmen's help in finding Victor. Carmen initially refuses and tells Rambo that it will solve nothing, but is convinced after he appeals to her grief and frustration.

Rambo raids Victor's home, killing several guards and decapitating Victor. In retaliation, Hugo leads a group of hitmen to Rambo's ranch, where each falls victim to the rigged traps. Saving Hugo for the last, Rambo mutilates him and rips his heart out. In the aftermath, a weakened Rambo sits on the porch of his father's house, vowing to continue fighting and keep the memories of his loved ones alive. During the credits, flashbacks to scenes from the first four movies in the franchise are shown, with Rambo finally saddling up his horse and riding off into the sunset.

In February 2008, Sylvester Stallone revealed that making a fifth film would depend on the success of the fourth film, stating he was "gearing one up" and that it would "be quite different". In March 2008, Stallone revealed he was "half-way through" writing "Rambo V", stating that it would not be another war movie, with Bulgaria being considered to double as Rambo's home in Arizona. In February 2009, Stallone revealed that he was proceeding with the fifth film, but stated, "The conflict is whether to do it in America or a foreign country."

In August 2009, Millennium Films greenlit the film with Stallone writing, directing, and starring in the film. At that time, the plot focused on Rambo battling human traffickers and drug lords to rescue a young girl abducted near the U.S.–Mexico border. In September 2009, Stallone revealed that the film would be titled "Rambo V: The Savage Hunt", which would have been loosely based on the novel "Hunter" by James Byron Huggins, and would have focused on Rambo leading an elite special forces kill team to hunt and kill a genetically engineered creature. Nu Image/Millennium Films released a poster and synopsis for "The Savage Hunt". In November 2009, it was reported that the plot had reverted to Rambo crossing the Mexican border to rescue a girl who had been kidnapped.

In May 2010, Stallone revealed he was "done" with the character, stating, "I think Rambo's pretty well done. I don't think there'll be any more. I'm about 99% sure I was going to do it ... but I feel that with Rocky Balboa, that character came complete circle. He went home. But for Rambo to go on another adventure might be, I think, misinterpreted as a mercenary gesture and not necessary. I don't want that to happen." At the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, Millennium Films and Nu Image advertised "Rambo V" with posters and handouts. Following an interview with Stallone for Ain't It Cool News, in which the director expressed his desire to end the franchise, Harry Knowles reported: "He then told me that the folks behind those posters essentially said that if Sly didn't do it—someone else would. And Sly seems fine with that."

In 2011, Sean Hood was hired to write a new script titled "Rambo: Last Stand", which he described as "more in line with the small-town thriller of "First Blood"". In 2012, Hood revealed that "Rambo V" had been put on hold in order for Stallone to finish "The Expendables 2". Hood also revealed his uncertainty on whether the film would be similar to "Unforgiven" or a "passing-of-the-torch". In August 2013, it was announced that Entertainment One and Nu Image would develop and produce a Rambo TV series with Stallone. In June 2014, German film company Splendid Films confirmed that Stallone had started writing the script for "Rambo V", which he described as his version of "No Country for Old Men". In September 2014, it was revealed that the film would be titled "Rambo: Last Blood", with Stallone directing.

In 2015, Stallone and Rambo creator David Morrell re-developed the story for "Rambo V"; the actor wanted a "soulful journey" for the character that the author described as a "really emotional, powerful story". Stallone pitched the idea to the producers, but they wanted to proceed with the human trafficking story instead, prompting Stallone and Morrell to abandon it. In October 2015, Stallone pondered on the possibility of a prequel, stating: "It's intriguing to find the whys and wherefores of how people have become what they are. The traumas, the loss and the tragedy of being in Vietnam would certainly be a great challenge for a young actor, and it would be ironic that Rambo directs younger Rambo having played it for twenty years plus." In 2016, Stallone revealed that "Rambo V" was no longer in production.

In May 2018, the film was re-announced initially as "Rambo V", which was scheduled to begin filming in September, with its plot focusing on Rambo taking on a Mexican drug cartel. Stallone confirmed the release date for the film, which he would also be co-writing with Matthew Cirulnick, but seemed unlikely to direct. In August 2018, Adrian Grunberg was announced as the director. In September 2018, Adriana Barraza was added to the cast. In October 2018, Paz Vega, Yvette Monreal, Sergio Peris-Mencheta, Oscar Jaenada, and Joaquín Cosío were cast. In May 2019, Louis Mandylor, Sheila Shah, Dimitri Vegas, and Genie Kim (aka Yenah Han) were revealed to have been cast without prior announcement.

Principal photography began on October 2, 2018 in Bulgaria. It was previously scheduled to begin on September 1, 2018, and before that on October 27, 2014, in Shreveport, Louisiana. Barraza filmed her scenes in Tenerife (Canary Islands). Principal photography was completed on December 4, 2018. Additional photography took place at the end of May 2019.

Brian Tyler, who composed for Stallone on "Rambo" and "The Expendables" trilogy, returned to score "Rambo: Last Blood". Tyler shared his scoring process with Dread Central:

In May 2018, Millennium Films brought the project to Cannes to generate interest and sales. Stallone verified that he would share images and videos from the film's set on his Instagram as the film approaches its release. In February 2019, Stallone revealed images on his Instagram of Rambo's adopted family, combat history, and the character Gabriela's intentions to travel to Mexico to find her father. In March 2019, Stallone revealed via his Instagram an image of Rambo covered in blood and aiming his signature bow.

In May 2019, it was revealed that Stallone will present exclusive images at Cannes to coincide with a special "first-look" screening of the film at the Palais des Festivals et des Congrès on May 24, 2019. The first trailer was revealed at Cannes on May 24, 2019. The teaser trailer was released on May 30, 2019 and drew comparisons to "Logan" and "Unforgiven". A remixed version of the song "Old Town Road" was used for the teaser. On August 1, 2019, Stallone revealed the theatrical release poster on his Instagram. On August 20, 2019, Stallone released the second trailer on his Instagram. On September 4, 2019, Alamo Drafthouse Cinema announced it would host a marathon of all five "Rambo" films to commemorate the release of "Rambo: Last Blood". Deadline Hollywood reported that P&A costs were under $30 million.

"Rambo: Last Blood" was released theatrically in the United States on September 20, 2019. Dadi purchased the Chinese distribution rights and agreed to an eight-figure co-financing deal. On July 30, 2019, the MPAA assigned the film an R rating.

Lionsgate released two different theatrical cuts of "Rambo: Last Blood", varying by country. In the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada, the film runs 89 minutes; in Australia, Mexico, Sweden, Brazil, Germany and Finland, it runs 101 minutes. The latter version contains several deleted scenes and an alternate opening, which runs approximately 10 minutes:
It starts in a rainstorm in the middle of a rescue: 3 missing hikers in danger of getting caught in a flood. The police say they have to stop the search as it's getting too dangerous and ask where the volunteer on horseback is. We are then introduced to Rambo in the woods tracking the hikers, he finds a girl dead then further down finds the other two. He's trying to get them out but one guy won't leave without his wife. Rambo tells him she's dead but he runs off, the flood water starts running down and Rambo ties himself and the girl to a rock while the initial rush of water cascades over them. He then returns to the base with the girl and sees the guy who ran off getting his body bag loaded into an ambulance which triggers his PTSD, the girl thanks him and Rambo returns home and has a conversation with the old lady living in the house about when he returned and how his father used to sit in the rocking chair outside.

He then goes into the tunnels clearly upset about the events and puts a CD on (The Doors). … When he has PTSD flashbacks in the tunnels it is intercut with the dead hiker.

After the alternate opening, the film cuts to Rambo on his ranch, as it begins in select North American countries.

"Rambo: Last Blood" was released on Digital on December 3, 2019, and was released on 4K UHD, Blu-ray, and DVD on December 17, 2019. Best Buy released a retail exclusive steelbook for the 4K UHD release. The film has topped Redbox's disc rental and On Demand charts for several weeks.

"Rambo: Last Blood" grossed $44.8 million in the United States and Canada, and $46.7 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $91.5 million, against a production budget of $50 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film was released alongside "Ad Astra" and "Downton Abbey", and was projected to gross $23–25 million from 3,618 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $7.17 million on Friday, which included $1.3 million from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $19 million, finishing third and marking the second-best opening of the series. The film made $8.6 million in its second weekend and $3.6 million in its third, finishing sixth and eighth, respectively.

The review-aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports an approval rating of 27%, with an average rating of 3.99/10, based on 160 reviews. The website's critical consensus reads: "Like the sequels that preceded it, "Rambo: Last Blood" is content to indulge in bloody violence at the expense of its main character's once-poignant story." Metacritic said the film received "generally unfavorable reviews", with an overall weighted average of 26 out of 100, based on 31 critics. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of B on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an average 3.5 out of 5 stars and a 56% "definite recommend".

The portrayal of the Rambo character was put under scrutiny. Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan gave the film 3 out of 4 stars and was complimentary of the story's "surprisingly brooding examination" of Rambo: "Sure, Rambo is convincing when he ends up telling bad people, 'I'm gonna hurt you real bad,' but there is also a kind of fragility that makes us worry about people putting the hurt on him." Peter Debruge wrote a negative review for "Variety": "This character is a mess of contradictions, representing on one hand the permanent damage that military service can do to one's soul while simultaneously suggesting what the ideal soldier looks like." Rating the film 4.5 out of 10 for IGN, Witney Seibold lamented, "A character who was originally meant to stand as a symbol for the damage that war can do to a soldier is now best remembered as an unkillable human machine gun", but credited Stallone with "[managing] to give as soulful a performance as the part warrants".

The script by Stallone and Matthew Cirulnick attained unfavorable reactions. In a negative review for "The Hollywood Reporter", Frank Scheck said it "feels utterly tossed-off and generic, more resembling the pilot for a Rambo television series than a proper send off", but credited Stallone with "[keeping] a franchise afloat". Katie Walsh of the "Chicago Tribune", who gave the film 1 out of 4 stars, called the script "barely a script at all" and the writing lazy; she added that story writers Stallone and Dan Gordon "trade on charged imagery rather than, you know, actually writing characters that fully express the spectrum of human morality". William Bibbiani of Bloody Disgusting said the script "has been reduced to its lowest common denominators, establishing characters quickly and then shoving them into a simplistic plot (that is to say, simplistic even by "Rambo" standards)", and rated the film 1.5 out of 5. Grading the film a D+ for IndieWire, Eric Kohn said Stallone as a co-writer "does a decent job at generating empathy for Rambo through furtive gestures, but "Last Blood" goes overboard to prove that he's tried to be a better man". While many called the plot of "Last Blood" derivative of "Taken", web-based critic James Berardinelli called it "a "Death Wish" variant with a few callbacks to the trap-building of "First Blood"".

Critics reported being appalled by the brutality of the action scenes, with some comparing its amount of gore with that of a slasher film. Berardinelli said, "The body count is insanely high and the methods of death are worthy of a "Halloween" or "Friday the 13th" sequel", and gave the film 1 out of 4 stars. Debruge called the violence "horrible, gut-wrenching carnage to witness, and yet, it's been calibrated to elicit whoops and cheers from fans, who've faithfully followed along as Rambo evolved". Vince Mancini of Uproxx said, "It's so genuinely horrific I'm convinced there are real-life cartel videos celebrating the torture of rivals that are less gory", but recommended the film as a must-see. Conversely, Johnny Oleksinski of the "New York Post" said, ""Rambo: Last Blood" features what's easily the most violent movie scene of the year. It's awesome", but felt the narration, drama, and hackneyed backstory could have been edited out. Duncan Bowles of Den of Geek gave it 3 out of 5 stars, writing: "If you're not the kind of person who wants to weep with joy at the sight of Rambo tooling up, firing a bow, or rigging booby traps, then the film really isn't for you, but if you're after a solid display of carnage from a character you love, then there's plenty on offer." Many saw the climax of "Last Blood" as similar to that of "Home Alone", which, by contrast, is rated PG.

The depiction of a crime infested Mexico and the stereotypical portrayal of most Mexicans and Latinos as criminals prompted critics to accuse the film of racism, xenophobia, and pandering to supporters of the Trump presidency. Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" called "Last Blood" a "massively enlarged prostate of a film [that] can only make you wince with its badly acted geronto-ultraviolence, its Trumpian fantasies of Mexican rapists and hilariously insecure US border, and its crass enthusiasm for rape-revenge attacks", giving it 1 out of 5 stars. Seibold wrote: "I understand that "Rambo" films have rarely been bastions of cultural togetherness, but in 2019, these broad stereotypes are offensive and dated and downright irresponsible." Kohn wrote: "In 2019's hypersensitive cultural environment, the depiction of murderous Mexican crime bosses and their cowering sex slaves encountering a literal white savior doesn't go down so easy." Mexican film critic Gerardo Valero, a "far-flung correspondent" for "RogerEbert.com", also criticized the use of Spain doubling for Mexico, and that it was "impossible not to laugh at this group of Spanish actors trying to sound Mexican by cursing with every other word in this strange accent". He also wrote: "If this movie wasn't so dumb, I would have probably found all of this offensive." Addressing the complaints about the stereotypical villains, however, Bowles wrote: "The villains might be built from the stereotypical strain of pure evil from years past, but their reprehensibility is what makes the explosive payback work and the violence, despite some especially grim moments, never quite strays into the extreme stomach churning highs from part IV."

David Morrell, creator of the Rambo character and author of the "First Blood" novel, tweeted that he disliked "Last Blood", calling it "a mess" and feeling "embarrassed to have my name associated with it". Morrell later told "Newsweek":
I felt degraded and dehumanized after I left the theater. Instead of being soulful, this new movie lacks one. I felt I was less a human being for having seen it, and today that's an unfortunate message ... ["Trackdown"] is typical of ultra-violent 1970s exploitation "grindhouse" films, the technique of which "Rambo: Last Blood" resembles. The sets here look cheap. The direction is awkward. ... Rambo could be called John Smith, and the film wouldn't change. It assumes the audience is familiar with Rambo's background, whereas anyone under 40 will wonder what on Earth is going on with those tunnels.
During Cannes 2019, Stallone said he would continue portraying Rambo if the fifth film succeeds. Grunberg, however, said that "Rambo: Last Blood" "closes the circle", hoping it would conclude the film series. In September 2019, Stallone confirmed that he has plans for a prequel to the series; although he would not reprise the title role, he would like to explore who Rambo was before the war: 

Stallone has expressed interest in having Rambo take refuge in an Indian reservation for the sixth "Rambo" film.



</doc>
<doc id="43830802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43830802" title="Mexican Spitfire's Blessed Event">
Mexican Spitfire's Blessed Event

Mexican Spitfire's Blessed Event is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Dane Lussier. It is the sequel to the 1942 film "Mexican Spitfire's Elephant". The film stars Lupe Vélez, Leon Errol, Walter Reed, Elisabeth Risdon, Lydia Bilbrook and Hugh Beaumont. The film was released on July 17, 1943, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43831770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43831770" title="For the Defense (1930 film)">
For the Defense (1930 film)

For the Defense is a 1930 pre-Code crime drama film starring William Powell as a lawyer whose ethics are challenged when the woman he loves hits and kills a pedestrian while out driving with another suitor.

In New York City, William Foster (William Powell) is a criminal defense attorney so successful that prosecutors regard him as a menace. He holds himself to high ethical standards but is willing to mislead without actually lying.

Foster defends a man who planned a murder using explosives. District Attorney Stone (William B. Davidson) displays a vial and says chemical tests have shown that the liquid in it is sensitive nitroglycerin. Foster sniffs the liquid, questions him to verify the chain of custody, and then smashes the vial dramatically on the floor. When order is restored, he explains to the judge that he knew it was safe because nitro has a distinctive smell, and Stone says he had removed the actual nitro for safety after the chemical test. But Foster points out that only the liquid now in the bottle was entered into evidence, and wins his case.

Foster is in love with actress Irene Manners (Kay Francis), and she loves him, but she wants to be married and he does not. When another suitor, Jack Defoe (Scott Kolk), proposes to her, she says she needs to tell Foster about him before she can accept; but she finds she cannot do so. She stays out late enough at night with Defoe to leave only one implication of what they were doing, and while driving him home, she does agree to marry him. He suddenly hugs her and she loses control of the car, killing a bystander.

To protect Irene's reputation, Defoe urges her to leave the scene, lying that the victim is not badly hurt. Presumed to have been driving while drunk, he is charged with manslaughter. They both still conceal her involvement, but she begs Foster to defend him. He asks why she cares enough about Defoe to insist; she says she and Defoe are just friends, but she had already promised him on Foster's behalf, assuming Foster would be willing. Foster agrees, but finds that Defoe cannot tell a credible story at trial.

Then Foster finds out that Irene was at the accident scene and therefore must be much more than "just friends" with Defoe. Foster is crushed, but she still begs him to get Defoe acquitted, while Defoe fears Foster will throw the case and Irene will be charged and convicted as well. Foster eventually puts his love for Irene first and, for the first time in his life, bribes a juror to vote not guilty, hanging the jury.

Foster is quickly found out and arrested, and defends himself at trial. As he will not see Irene, she goes to Stone, admits what really happened at the accident, and says Foster was only trying to protect her. If Stone does not agree to recommend mercy, Irene says, she will tell her story in court. Stone says he will think about it.

Although his defense is going well, Foster then offers to plead guilty (and thus be disbarred, no doubt making life easier for prosecutors in future) if only Stone will agree not to retry Defoe; but Stone says he does not make deals. Back in court, Irene sends Foster a note pleading to let her testify and tell the truth. To protect her, Foster immediately changes his plea to guilty. Stone then tells Foster that neither Defoe nor Irene will be prosecuted.

As Foster arrives at Sing Sing to serve his sentence, Irene is there and says she will be waiting for him when he comes out. He says that if she does, then he will marry her.




</doc>
<doc id="43832658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43832658" title="Wildcat Bus">
Wildcat Bus

Wildcat Bus is a 1940 American action film directed by Frank Woodruff and written by Lou Lusty. The film stars Fay Wray, Charles Lang, Paul Guilfoyle, Don Costello and Paul McGrath. The film was released on August 23, 1940, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43832812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43832812" title="I'm Still Alive (film)">
I'm Still Alive (film)

I'm Still Alive is a 1940 American drama film directed by Irving Reis and written by Edmund H. North. The film stars Kent Taylor, Linda Hayes, Howard Da Silva, Ralph Morgan and Don Dillaway. The film was released on September 20, 1940, by RKO Pictures.

A spat on a Hollywood set between stuntman Steve Bennett and actress Laura Marley leads to the two of them falling in love and being married. Steve's work is dangerous and Laura persuades him to quit, but he has difficulty finding a different occupation.

When youthful former colleague Tommy Briggs has a complicated stunt to do, Steve volunteers to take his place, then after being rejected by producer Walter Blake is devastated when Tommy is killed. Steve leaves to become a barnstorming pilot. Blake schemes to lure Steve back for Laura's sake by inventing a romance between her and stuntman Red Garvey. When he returns, Steve ends up involved in yet another life-threatening stunt. He barely survives, but Laura is happy to have him back.



</doc>
<doc id="43834092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43834092" title="Elephant Song (film)">
Elephant Song (film)

Elephant Song is a 2014 Canadian drama film directed by Charles Binamé and adapted from the same titled stage play by Nicolas Billon. The film premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

Dr. Toby Greene is a psychiatrist at an asylum. Greene is gradually drawn into a psychological mind game by patient Michael, whom he is interviewing about the disappearance of Green's colleague, Dr. James Lawrence. Michael, a disturbed young man, the son of an opera singer and a distant father he has only seen once, has an aura of charm about him and displays signs of rationality and intelligence that draws the doctor deeper in to his stories, despite warnings by head nurse Susan Peterson to keep a distance from the patient.

Greene is somewhat distracted by issues in his own life, as tensions with his wife, Olivia, are made worse when she appears at the hospital unannounced. At the same time, Greene and Peterson are slowly developing an emotional connection.

Michael draws Greene into his plot by convincing him not to read his files, but rather form his own opinion based on what Michael has to offer in explanations. Michael continues revealing his troubled experiences with his parents. The elephant connection is from his sole meeting with his father in a nature reserve, when the father kills an elephant in front of his son. The incident traumatized the very young Michael, as does his mother's cold attitude and her distancing herself from him for her singing career. Michael claimed he "killed his mother" by refusing to call an ambulance for her when she injected an overdose of pills, instead singing to her the "elephant song" until she died on the floor.

Michael discusses the circumstances of his forced stay in the hospital, hinting at improper doctor-patient relationships involving him and Lawrence, and a bizarre love-hate relationship with Peterson. Michael's ploys also include an attempt to negotiate his early release from hospital in return for divulging the circumstances of Dr. Lawrence's disappearance. Michael eventually convinces Greene to exchange a box of chocolates for a note Michael has concealed, which will reveal what has happened to Lawrence. The note states that Lawrence has simply gone to be with his sick sister. While Greene phones Lawrence and confirms the situation, Peterson enters the room and notices the chocolates, nervously screaming that Michael knows he is strongly allergic to the nuts in the chocolates. She and Greene quickly administer adrenaline shots and attempt resuscitation, but Michael dies.

When Lawrence returns, he confirms that he loved Michael, but not in the manner that Michael had implied. Greene resigns and Peterson is suspended for a period. The film ends with Greene and Peterson meeting and sitting together, holding hands.

"Elephant Song" had its premiere at the 39th Toronto International Film Festival on 6 September 2014.

"Elephant Song" has a score of 50% on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, based on eight reviews, with an average rating of 3.3/5.

Bruce Greenwood was also nominated for the award of Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role. In 2014, he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film by the Vancouver Film Critics Circle. Charles Binamé was nominated for Best Canadian Feature Film at the Vancouver International Film Festival and for the Grand Prize at the Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival.


</doc>
<doc id="43834774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43834774" title="Virtuous (film)">
Virtuous (film)

Virtuous is a 2014 American Christian drama film directed and produced by Bill Rahn, written by Jason Campbell & Tara Lynn Marcelle, and starring Erik Estrada, Erin Bethea, Ben Davies, and Jessica Lynch. Based upon an original story by Jason Campbell, it was produced by Christian film company JCFILMS.

Jessica Lynch was brought aboard the film in a role of a military specialist arranging to locate a female POW after speaking with story creator Jason Campbell. Her role was loosely based on her own experiences in Iraq. Some of the filming took place in areas of Butts County, Georgia over a one-month period in January 2014. Locations included local homes and offices, as well as the Butts County Courthouse and Butts County Sheriff’s Office. Other Georgia locations included Juliette, Griffin, Macon and the Rock Springs Church in Milner. In February 2014, JC Films announced that Erik Estrada would film some of his final scenes for "Virtuous" in Rock Hill, South Carolina in early September, 2014. Five songs from Christian singer/songwriter Holly Spears are featured in the film, and released May 1, 2014, Spears' music video "Where'd You Go" contains clips from the film.

Women of all ages and races are experiencing pressures from an increasingly unavoidable culture. If they attempt to stand up for themselves, they are criticized, marginalized, and demonized. As a film, "Virtuous" is a modern-day version of Proverbs 31, set as a multi-plot project, with stories including that of a Hollywood starlet, a soldier on the battlefield, a successful businesswoman, and the housekeeping and cooking skills of an old mom. The film involves 10 women who eventually meet and attempt to show what it means to be a “virtuous” woman in today’s society. The film focuses on empowering women to live righteously while remaining unapologetic in their actions or beliefs.



</doc>
<doc id="43835038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43835038" title="Two Thoroughbreds">
Two Thoroughbreds

Two Thoroughbreds is a 1939 American drama film directed by Jack Hively, written by Joseph Fields and Jerome Cady, and starring Jimmy Lydon, Joan Leslie, Arthur Hohl, J.M. Kerrigan, Marjorie Main, Selmer Jackson and Spencer Charters. It was released on December 8, 1939, by RKO Pictures.

When thieves steal Larkspur, a prize thoroughbred brood mare, from the Conway ranch, her foal runs after her and is found by David Carey, an orphan who lives with his heartless aunt Hildegarde and uncle Thad. The lonely David befriends the colt, whom he names Sunset, and convinces his brutal uncle to let him keep the animal, arguing that they can reap a reward from selling the horse. While visiting the Conway ranch in search of advice about raising his horse, David is befriended by Jack Lenihan, the stablemaster, who offers the boy a job in exchange for special food for his colt. When Bill Conway and his daughter Wendy return to the ranch from the East, David realizes that Sunset is their missing foal. As David struggles with his conscience over returning the colt, his cruel uncle harnasses Sunset to a plow and beats the animal. To save the horse, Wendy offers to buy him and then realizes that he is Larkspur's missing colt. Wendy offers David a job as stableboy on the ranch, but David refuses out of guilt and decides to run away. He bids Sunset farewell, but the horse gallops after him and breaks a leg while trying to jump a fence. David begs the Conways to spare the injured horse and, to save Sunset's life, confesses that the animal is their missing horse. Touched by David's confession, Conway convinces the skeptical vet, Dr. Purdy, to use an experimental cast on the horse's broken leg, and after a shaky start, Sunset makes a miraculous recovery


</doc>
<doc id="43835200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43835200" title="Racketeers of the Range">
Racketeers of the Range

Racketeers of the Range is a 1939 American western film directed by D. Ross Lederman from a screenplay by Oliver Drake, based on Bernard McConville's story. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film was released on May 26, 1939. and stars George O'Brien, Chill Wills, and Marjorie Reynolds.



</doc>
<doc id="43835451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43835451" title="Live Bait (film)">
Live Bait (film)

Live Bait is a Canadian comedy-drama film, released in 1995. The directorial debut of Bruce Sweeney, the film won the award for Best Canadian Feature Film at the 1995 Toronto International Film Festival.

The film stars Tom Scholte as Trevor McIntosh, a 23-year-old man attempting to lose his virginity during the summer after his college graduation, while the relationship of his parents (Babz Chula and Kevin McNulty) is simultaneously faltering.

The film was written as Sweeney's graduate thesis for his MFA in Film Studies at the University of British Columbia.


</doc>
<doc id="43835671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43835671" title="Curtis's Charm">
Curtis's Charm

Curtis's Charm is a Canadian comedy-drama film, released in 1995. The directorial debut of John L'Ecuyer, the film won a special jury citation for Best Canadian Feature Film at the 1995 Toronto International Film Festival.

Based on a short story by Jim Carroll, the film stars Maurice Dean Wint as Curtis, a paranoid drug addict who believes his mother-in-law has cast a voodoo spell on him, which has resulted in his being stalked by a killer squirrel. With the help of his friend Jim (Callum Keith Rennie), he tries to devise a talisman to protect him from the curse.

The film garnered two Genie Award nominations at the 17th Genie Awards in 1996:


</doc>
<doc id="43838231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43838231" title="Thou Wast Mild and Lovely">
Thou Wast Mild and Lovely

Thou Wast Mild and Lovely is a 2014 experimental thriller film written and directed by Josephine Decker and starring Joe Swanberg, Sophie Traub, and Robert Longstreet.


To raise money for the film's post-production, Decker ran a crowdfunding campaign on the website Kickstarter with a goal of $15,500. The campaign closed on August 22, 2013, having successfully raised $18,517. Decker has cited John Steinbeck's novel "East of Eden" as inspiration for elements of the film, though David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" has compared the visuals of the film to the works of Terrence Malick. The visual style continues some of the experimental camera techniques Decker and cinematographer Ashley Connor had used in their previous collaboration, "Butter on the Latch", including some shots that were recorded without a lens on the camera.

In September 2014, "Thou Wast Mild and Lovely" was picked up for theatrical and VOD distribution by Cinelicious Pics along with Decker's 2013 film "Butter on the Latch" with a release set for November 2014. The films are now available on iTunes, Fandor, Amazon and Vimeo-on-Demand in the US, on Amazon and iTunes in the UK and on VOD in Italy.

"Thou Wast Mild and Lovely" received a positive response from critics. Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" highly praised the film, saying "Like most classic stories, this one is simple, but its realization is so surprising in its details, so original in its visual invention, as to make most other movies seem shot by the numbers." and "Normally it would be an insult to say that a movie that runs a mere hour and a quarter feels as if it were much longer, but here it’s both accurate and high praise: vast realms of emotional experience are condensed into the movie’s brief span." In a subsequent piece for "The New Yorker", Brody named "Thou Wast Mild and Lovely" the second best film of 2014, just behind Wes Anderson's "The Grand Budapest Hotel". Brody also listed Robert Longstreet as "Best Supporting Actor"; Ashley Connor in "Best Cinematography". Decker's other 2014 film, "Butter on the Latch", also made the Brody's top ten, clocking in at tenth place. Subsequent to its Berlinale 2014 premiere, Peter Knegt of "Indiewire" called "Thou Wast Mild and Lovely" "The talk of the Berlin International Film Festival… with tense eroticism and experimental, largely free-form filmmaking". Josh Slater-Williams of "Sound on Sight" called it "one of the strongest, most striking American Gothic works of recent memory." In his review of the film, Eric Kohn of "Indiewire" gave the film a B+ rating and commented, "Its labyrinthine characteristics suggest the unholy marriage of Ingmar Bergman and David Lynch" and "Decker concocts a wholly enveloping vision of isolation told with a grimly poetic style that wanders all over the place but never stops playing by its own eerie rulebook." Jenni Miller of "The A.V. Club" moderately praised the film and described Sophie Traub's Sarah as "fascinating", despite noting "There are a few too many experimental flourishes to effectively build the sort of tension that’s necessary to really make the ending pay off." Nicolas Rapold of "The New York Times" gave the film a more mixed review, noting "The setup's clichés grow harder to ignore, despite a welcome mischievous streak and some bucolic imagery." David Rooney of "The Hollywood Reporter" stated, "It's not uninteresting but too self-consciously arty to rank Decker as a mature filmmaking voice."

"Thou Wast Mild and Lovely" premiered in the U.S. at the Sarasota Film Festival, and internationally at the 2014 Berlin International Film Festival in the Forum section. It has also played at the AFI Fest, the BFI London Film Festival, the Torino Film Festival, the Hong Kong International Film Festival, the Gothenburg Film Festival, the Athens International Film Festival, the Denver Film Festival, the Dallas VideoFest, the Flyway Film Festival, the Sidewalk Film Festival, the Fantasia International Film Festival, the Galway Film Fleadh, the BAMcinemFest and the Imagine Film Festival in the Netherlands.

The film was nominated for the FIPRESCI prize at the Hong Kong International Film Festival, and has won awards on the festival circuit, including the Dallas VideoFest Winner 2014: Best Narrative Feature, Sarasota Film Festival 2014 Winner: Independent Visions Grand Prize & Tangerine Entertainment's Juice Award, Flyway Film Festival 2014: Breakout Filmmaker, Indie Memphis Film Festival 2014: Craig Brewer Emerging Filmmaker Award. It was acquired by Cinelicious Pics in fall of 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="43839184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43839184" title="Little Orvie">
Little Orvie

Little Orvie is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Lynn Root, Frank Fenton and Robert Chapin. The film stars Johnny Sheffield, Ernest Truex, Dorothy Tree, Ann E. Todd and Emma Dunn. The film was released on March 1, 1940, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43840651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43840651" title="Three Sons">
Three Sons

Three Sons is a 1939 American drama film directed by Jack Hively using a screenplay by John Twist, based on the novel, "Sweepings" by Lester Cohen. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, and released on October 13, 1939, it is a remake of an earlier RKO film, "Sweepings" (1933). The film stars Edward Ellis, William Gargan, J. Edward Bromberg and Robert Stanton (whose real name was Kirby Grant, which he would use for most of his career). Gargan, who plays the uncle in this film, had played one of the sons in the earlier film.

Daniel Pardway (Edward Ellis) a department store owner is deeply saddened to learn that none of his grown sons are interested in taking over the business he has worked so hard to build. To coerce them, he even tries giving them shares of company stock. In the end, only the youngest son shows any interest at all.




</doc>
<doc id="43840776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43840776" title="Sued for Libel">
Sued for Libel

Sued for Libel is a 1939 American mystery film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Jerry Cady, based on Wolfe Kaufman's story. Released on October 27, 1939, by RKO Radio Pictures (who also produced it), the film stars Kent Taylor, Linda Hayes, Lilian Bond, and Morgan Conway.



</doc>
<doc id="43841590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43841590" title="Kong: Skull Island">
Kong: Skull Island

Kong: Skull Island is a 2017 American monster film directed by Jordan Vogt-Roberts and written by Dan Gilroy, Max Borenstein and Derek Connolly. It is a reboot of the "King Kong" franchise, and serves as the second film in Legendary's MonsterVerse. The film stars Tom Hiddleston, Samuel L. Jackson, John Goodman, Brie Larson, Jing Tian, Toby Kebbell, John Ortiz, Corey Hawkins, Jason Mitchell, Shea Whigham, Thomas Mann, Terry Notary, and John C. Reilly. In the film, set in 1973, a team of scientists and Vietnam War soldiers travel to the uncharted Skull Island and encounter terrifying creatures before meeting the mighty Kong, a gigantic ape who is the last of his species.
The film was announced in July 2014 at San Diego Comic-Con and Vogt-Roberts was announced as the director in September 2014. The project originally began at Universal Pictures as an origin story but was later moved to Warner Bros. in order to develop a shared cinematic universe featuring Godzilla and King Kong. Principal photography began in October 2015 in Hawaii and various locations around Vietnam and ended in March 2016.
"Kong: Skull Island" was theatrically released on March 10, 2017 to positive reviews, with praise for its visual effects, action, and performances, particularly those of Jackson and Reilly. It was also a box office success, grossing $566 million worldwide. The film was nominated for Best Visual Effects at the 90th Academy Awards. A sequel, "Godzilla vs. Kong", is scheduled to be released on November 20, 2020.

In 1944, two World War II fighter pilots, American pilot Hank Marlow and Japanese pilot Gunpei Ikari, parachute onto an island in the South Pacific after a dogfight and engage in close combat, but the fight is interrupted by a giant 100-foot ape. 29 years later, Bill Randa, head of the U.S. government organization Monarch, plans a search for primeval creatures on the recently discovered Skull Island. He recruits a U.S. Army unit commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Preston Packard, tracker and former British Special Air Service Captain James Conrad, and anti-war photographer Mason Weaver. Arriving at Skull Island, Packard's men begin dropping seismic explosives, developed by Randa's seismologist Houston Brooks, to map out the island and prove Brooks' Hollow Earth theory. The unit is then attacked by the giant ape, scattering the survivors across the island. Two groups form between the survivors, one with Conrad, Weaver, the researchers and one of the soldiers, the other with Randa and the rest. Packard goes in search of the transport helicopter piloted by his right-hand man Major Jack Chapman, intending to use the weapons on board to kill the ape.

Conrad's group encounters the local Iwi natives and an older Marlow. Marlow tells the group the giant ape is named Kong who protects the island from predators, including a race of subterranean reptilian creatures he dubs "Skullcrawlers" that are responsible for killing Kong's entire species, leaving him the last of his kind. The Iwi believe when Kong dies, a giant Skullcrawler will awaken and ravage the island. Marlow reveals he and Ikari had become friends during their time on the island, but Ikari was killed by a Skullcrawler some time ago. As Chapman is ambushed and devoured by a Skullcrawler, Conrad's group helps Marlow finish a boat made from parts of Marlow's and Ikari's downed planes. They ride down the river, losing a man to carnivorous birds, and secure communication with Packard's group. Regrouping with Packard, he insists on searching for Chapman. 

Marlow leads them through a mass grave and are attacked by the Skullcrawler that killed Chapman, killing Randa and others before dying in a flammable gas explosion triggered by Weaver. Learning of Chapman's death, Packard reveals his plan of killing Kong and avenging his fallen men. Marlow and Brooks attempt to explain that killing Kong would lead to the Skullcrawlers running rampant, but Packard refuses to listen to them. The group parts ways, with Packard's group retrieving the weapons from Chapman's chopper and laying a trap for Kong at a nearby lake, while the non-military personnel head back to the boat. Conrad and Weaver encounter Kong up close and, seeing his true peaceful nature, they resolve to save him. Packard's group lures Kong with the remaining seismic charges and incapacitates him with ignited napalm. Conrad, Weaver, and Marlow arrive and after a standoff, persuade the other soldiers to spare Kong, but Packard continues to refuse. The giant Skullcrawler emerges from the lake and Packard is crushed by Kong. The Skullcrawler fights and overpowers Kong, but with the humans' help, the ape emerges victorious in the end. The survivors reach the rendezvous point and leave the island as Kong stoically watches. 

During the credits, Marlow reunites with his wife and meets his son for the first time. In a post-credits scene, Conrad and Weaver are detained and recruited by Monarch. They are informed by San Lin and Brooks that Kong is not the only monster king and are shown archive footage of cave paintings depicting Godzilla, Mothra, Rodan, and King Ghidorah. The final painting shows Godzilla and Ghidorah in battle. As the screen cuts to black, Godzilla's roar can be heard.


Additionally, Eugene Cordero appears as Reles, a warrant officer of the Sky Devils and Packard's door gunner; Marc Evan Jackson portrays Steve Woodward, a Landsat employee on the expedition; Richard Jenkins portrays Senator Al Willis, a politician who reluctantly funds the expedition; Miyavi portrays Gunpei Ikari, a Japanese World War II pilot who crash-lands on Skull Island alongside Marlow; and Robert Taylor portrays the captain of the "Athena". Thomas Middleditch, who would go on to play a key role in "", voices Jerry. Moises Arias, Nick Robinson and Erin Moriarty appears as Bar Guests.

Originally titled "Skull Island", the film was announced by Legendary Pictures at the 2014 San Diego Comic-Con, Universal Pictures was to be the distributor. Legendary then moved the project to Warner Bros. in order to develop a crossover film featuring King Kong and Godzilla.

Legendary offered Joe Cornish the job of directing the film, while Peter Jackson, who directed the 2005 version of "King Kong", suggested Guillermo del Toro, who Legendary worked with on "Pacific Rim" and "Crimson Peak". In September 2014, the studio announced that Jordan Vogt-Roberts would direct the film.

The script saw a number of screenwriters attached before filming. Seeking the continuity between the King Kong and Godzilla worlds, Max Borenstein (writer of 2014's "Godzilla") wrote the first draft, while John Gatins was hired to write the second draft. In writing the script, Borenstein didn't want to repeat the "Beauty and the Beast" plot synonymous with "King Kong" movies, and took into account the outdated elements of the treatment of the island natives and the damsel in distress. His initial influence was "Apocalypse Now", revealing,

Before Vogt-Roberts signed on as director, Borenstein had the idea of having the film begin during the Vietnam War and jump forward to the present day. After it was rejected, Borenstein instead had the film take place before the original "King Kong" film in 1917 during World War I while keeping the "Apocalypse Now" concept, and the premise had Tom Hiddleston's character leading a rescue team to Skull Island to find his missing brother, who had gotten stranded there while searching for a "Titan Serum" believed to cure all illnesses. After this, the story was again retooled to take place in the present day.

After Jordan Vogt-Roberts joined the project, he met with Borenstein and, liking the "Apocalypse Now" concept, pitched it to Legendary with the idea of the story taking place at the end of the Vietnam War, which the studio accepted. It was later revealed that Dan Gilroy had also collaborated on the Borenstein/Gatins draft. On August 18, 2015, it was confirmed that Derek Connolly was also doing script rewrites. Borenstein worked a final pass on the screenplay before shooting began, and credited the screenplay to all of the writers, saying, "It was definitely collaborative in terms of what's on the screen, though none of us worked together. There are pieces of my work in there as well as the work of the other two writers and John Gatins, who was credited for story. Everybody had a really good hand in it."

Gilroy revealed that many backstories and character moments were dropped from his draft, specifically for the characters of Mason Weaver and James Conrad, feeling that the film had room to explore them. Gilroy disclosed,

Despite these ideas being dropped, Gilroy felt the film turned out to be a "good movie" regardless. In April 2016, artist Joe DeVito sued producers of the film for using elements of his Skull Island universe, which he claimed that he created and the producers used without his permission.

Director Vogt-Roberts stated that he wanted Kong to look simple and iconic enough that a third grader could draw him, and the image would still be recognizable. Vogt-Roberts also wanted Kong to feel like a "lonely god, he was a morose figure, lumbering around this island," and took the design back to the 1933 incarnation, where Kong was presented as a "bipedal creature that walks in an upright position." Vogt-Roberts additionally stated, "If anything, our Kong is meant to be a throwback to the '33 version. [Kong] was a movie monster, so we worked really hard to take some of the elements of the '33 version, some of those exaggerated features, some of those cartoonish and iconic qualities, and then make them their own…We created something that to some degree served as a throwback to the inspiration for what started all of this, but then also [had] it be a fully unique and different creature that – I would like to think – is fully contained and identifiable as the 2017 version of King Kong. I think there are very modern elements to him, yet hopefully, he feels very timeless at the same time."

Hayao Miyazaki's "Princess Mononoke" helped influence the design and approach of the monsters, Vogt-Roberts stated, "Miyazaki['s] Princess Mononoke was actually a big reference in the way that the spirit creatures sort of have their own domains and fit within that. So a big thing [was] trying to design creatures that felt realistic and could exist in an ecosystem that feels sort of wild and out there, and then also design things that simultaneously felt beautiful and horrifying at the same time."

The two-armed pit lizard from the 1933 "King Kong" film was used as a reference for the Skullcrawlers. They were also inspired by a number of other cinematic creatures; Vogt-Roberts stated, "That creature, beyond being a reference to a creature from the 1933 film, is also this crazy fusion of all of the influences throughout my life – like the first angel from "Evangelion", and No-Face from "Spirited Away", and Cubone from "Pokémon"."

At the same time of the announcement of Vogt-Roberts as director, the studio also announced that Tom Hiddleston would play the lead role. For a time, both J. K. Simmons and Michael Keaton were attached to roles; however, both left due to scheduling difficulties. On July 23, 2015, Brie Larson was cast in the film to play the female lead. On August 5, 2015, it was announced that Corey Hawkins was cast in the film to play a supporting role. On August 6, 2015, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that the studio was in early talks with Samuel L. Jackson to replace the role which Simmons vacated, while John C. Reilly was being eyed for Keaton's role, but not offered it yet. Tom Wilkinson was also offered a role in the film.

On August 20, 2015, Toby Kebbell joined the cast of the film, while Jackson and Reilly were confirmed for roles. Jackson's deal was worth five million dollars. On August 25, 2015, Jason Mitchell joined the cast, to play a pilot. On September 25, 2015, John Goodman was cast to play Randa, a government official and leader of an expedition, and Thomas Mann was also cast. On October 1, 2015, John Ortiz and Shea Whigham were added to the cast in unspecified roles. On October 13, 2015, Eugene Cordero joined the film, and on November 2, 2015, it was announced Will Brittain had joined the cast, portraying a pilot, in one of the last key leads in the film. In May 2016, Toby Kebbell revealed that Terry Notary would portray Kong through motion capture, and that Kebbell provided some guidance for Kong's motion capture sequences.

Principal photography on the film began on October 19, 2015, and concluded on March 18, 2016. Filming took place in the northern portion of Vietnam, including Tràng An, Vân Long and Tam Cốc (Ninh Bình Province), Hạ Long Bay (Quảng Ninh Province), and at the entrance of Tú Làn Caves System (Tân Hoá, Trung Hoá Village, Minh Hoá District Quảng Bình Province), the island of Oahu in Hawaii, and Australia's Gold Coast. Locations included Honolulu's Chinatown, and at the Kualoa Ranch and Waikane Valley (Ohulehule Forest Conservancy) on Oahu. In mid-January 2016, filming started in Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.

Vogt-Roberts has cited a number of films that inspired "Kong: Skull Island", stating, "If I were going to break it down for people, I'd say you obviously have "Apocalypse Now" and just the era of '70s filmmaking, with films like "The Conversation", too. Also "Platoon" was an inspiration, and the South Korean film "The Host" as well. The entire "Neon Genesis Evangelion" series was a big influence." Vogt-Roberts also cited "Princess Mononoke" as an influence on the approach and design of the monsters. He cited Sachiel from "Neon Genesis Evangelion", Cubone from "Pokémon", No-Face from "Spirited Away", and a creature from the 1933 "King Kong" as inspirations for the Skullcrawlers.

The score was composed by Henry Jackman. Since the film takes place in the 1970s, Jackman blended '70s psychedelic guitars into the score. "The great thing about a monster movie is that it opens the door to use the symphony orchestra in its most sumptuous way," Jackman says. "[Director] Jordan [Vogt-Roberts] was happy to celebrate the gravity and history that comes with a full orchestra, but we also explored less traditional elements. That's a field day for a composer." The score was recorded at AIR Lyndhurst Studios together with the London Voices and conducted by Gavin Greenaway, with additional music by Alex Belcher, Halli Cauthery and Stephen Hilton. The soundtrack was digitally released on March 3, 2017 through WaterTower Music.

Regarding the music used in the film, Vogt-Roberts stated, "I wanted to use songs from the Vietnam era and a myriad of hits from the '70s... [T]his provides a striking dichotomy, sets the tone and gives us great moments of fun. The music, which serves to both heighten the film's emotion and underscore the action, was one of the final creative elements to fall into place during post-production. It was the culmination of a massive undertaking that had taken the production to three continents."

The merchandise for the film was a Walmart exclusive in 2017. A large Kong figure was the main toy featuring a Jack Chapman with a missile launcher. In addition to Walmart selling the toys, Amazon.com sells them too. Also, two costumes for Kong were made and sold during Halloween. One of them is a standard costume while the other was an inflatable Kong suit.

On April 7, 2017, a four-issue graphic novel series called Skull Island: The Birth of Kong was announced. Acting as both a prequel and sequel to the film, an adult Houston Brooks nearing retirement from Monarch in 2012 learns that his estranged missing son with San Lin, Aaron, led a team of Monarch agents on a secret mission to Skull Island in the mid-1990s; uncovering the secrets of Kong's past and how he became the last of his kind. Written by Arvid Nelson with interior and cover art by Mohammad "Zid" Yazid (issue No. 4 cover art done by Drew Johnson), the four-issue series was released between April 12 and November 21, 2017. On December 12, 2017, a paperback collection was released. A novelization by Tim Lebbon was released on March 14, 2017.

"Kong: Skull Island" was originally scheduled to be released on November 4, 2016, but was pushed back to March 10, 2017. The new release date coincided with the franchise's 84th anniversary. It was released in RealD 3D, 4DX, Dolby Cinema and IMAX 3D, as well as in Dolby Vision High Dynamic Range, and Dolby Atmos sound in Dolby Cinema at AMC and presented in 70mm. The film premiered at the Cineworld Empire Leicester Square in London on February 28, 2017.

"Kong: Skull Island" was released on HD Digital on June 20, 2017, and on 4K Ultra HD, 3D Blu-ray, Blu-ray and DVD on July 18, 2017. The film debuted at the top of the NPD VideoScan First Alert sales chart and the dedicated Blu-ray chart for the week ending on July 23, 2017. To date, "Kong: Skull Island" has sold $45 million worth of DVDs and Blu-rays in North America.

"Kong: Skull Island" grossed $168 million in the United States and Canada and $398.6 million in other territories for a worldwide gross of $566.6 million. Made on a production budget of $185 million, with about $136 million more spent on global marketing costs, the film needed to make at least $450–500 million worldwide in order to break-even.

In the United States and Canada, "Kong: Skull Island" was projected to gross $40–50 million in its opening weekend, as well as a worldwide debut of $110–135 million. The film made $20.2 million on its first day from 3,846 theaters, including $3.7 million it made from Thursday night previews. In total, the film earned a better-than-expected $61 million on its opening weekend, defying the film's initial projection by 35%. In IMAX, it made $7.6 million from 382 theaters, repping 12.5% of the film's total opening weekend. In its second weekend the film grossed $27.8 million (a drop of 54.4%), finishing second at the box office behind newcomer "Beauty and the Beast".

Internationally, the film debuted with $85.1 million from 20,900 screens in 65 markets. It opened in every market except Japan and China. In IMAX, the film scored the fourth-biggest March release with $4.8 million from 672 theaters (the second biggest without China in it). The biggest openings came from the United Kingdom, Ireland ($7.6 million), South Korea ($7.4 million), Russia ($6.2 million), Mexico ($5.7 million), France ($4.1 million), Taiwan ($3.6 million), Australia ($3.6 million), Brazil ($3.4 million), Germany ($3.4 million), Malaysia ($2.65 million), India ($2.4 million), Spain ($1.6 million) and Italy ($1.6 million), while in Vietnam (where the film was primarily shot and set), it scored the biggest opening of all time there with $2.5 million. This was the week after a huge model of the primate outside the theater caught on fire at the film's premiere. The film would eventually open in China with $71.6 million (its largest international market) and in Japan with $3.5 million, where the film was released as "King Kong: Giant God of Skull Island" ("Kingu Kongu: Dokurotou no Kyoshin").
After its overseas run, the film would gross internationally.

"Kong: Skull Island" received generally positive reviews from critics. On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 75% based on 371 reviews, with an average rating of 6.53/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Offering exhilarating eye candy, solid acting, and a fast-paced story, "Kong: Skull Island" earns its spot in the movie monster's mythos without ever matching up to the classic original." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 62 out of 100, based on 49 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

Michael Phillips of "The Chicago Tribune" lauded the film, giving it three-and-a-half stars out of four: "I saw little in [Vogt-Roberts'] first feature to indicate the deftness and buoyant spirit he brings to "Skull Island". This time, the money's on the screen, but it bought a really good movie, too." Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a positive review, noting, ""Kong: Skull Island" is still a hoot. It was a movie that was not at all on my radar as something I was dying to see and yet I had way too much fun watching it. I just wished it had embraced its craziness just a little bit more. (But, yes, there's still plenty of crazy to go around.)" Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review as well, stating that "all the requisite elements are served up here in ideal proportion, and the time just flies by, which can rarely be said for films of this nature." Kyle Anderson of "Nerdist News" found the film entertaining but flawed, saying, "It's certainly not a perfect movie, and a lot of the characters feel like sketches more than fully-fledged people, but it roars along enjoyably from start to finish."

Conversely, Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" awarded the film one out of five stars. In his negative review, he described the movie as a "fantastically muddled and exasperatingly dull quasi-update of the King Kong story." Matthew Lickona of "The San Diego Reader" also gave the film one out of five stars, writing: "It's fun to watch [the monsters] in action, but on the human side, the film is clumsily written, over-cast and underacted, with only frustrated soldier Samuel L. Jackson striking the right tone of crazy amid the chaos." Chris Klimek of "NPR" mentions how ""Kong" is at its mediocre best when it pretends to be a nature documentary about Skull Island's bizarro flora and fauna," but lamented how "every time the movie threatens to get interesting, one of its hordes of ersatz, non-animated characters shows up and starts talking again." Anthony Lane of "The New Yorker" noted that what the film "yearns to be, is a pop-culture "Apocalypse Now", with the human foe removed, the political parable toned down, and the gonzo elements jacked up." J.R. Jones questioned the film's setting, saying "this "Jurassic Park" knockoff takes place neither in the Depression era, which gave us the original "King Kong", nor in the present, when satellite photos would surely alert us to the existence of a 100-foot gorilla. Instead—and for no reason I can fathom, except perhaps the classic-rock tunes desired for the soundtrack—the story takes place in 1973, when the Vietnam war is winding down and President Nixon is being driven from office."

Several critics have commented on Larson's role in the movie, as she had recently won an Academy Award for "Room", with Michael Salfino of "The Wall Street Journal" remarking that "a starring role in a popcorn movie on the heels of a passion project can open up an actor to ridicule."

In September 2015, Legendary moved "Kong: Skull Island" from Universal to Warner Bros., which sparked media speculation that Godzilla and King Kong will appear in a film together. In October 2015, Legendary confirmed that they would unite Godzilla and King Kong in "Godzilla vs. Kong". Legendary plans to create a shared cinematic franchise "centered around Monarch" that "brings together Godzilla and Legendary's King Kong in an ecosystem of other giant super-species, both classic and new."

Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts had expressed interest in doing a film about Marlow and Gunpei's time on the island, stating, "I keep joking that personally I'm more interested in doing a $30 million version of young John C. Reilly on the island. Just some weird, the odd-ball monster comedy with him and Gunpei."

"Godzilla vs. Kong" is scheduled to be released on November 20, 2020.



</doc>
<doc id="43841619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43841619" title="Beat the Band (film)">
Beat the Band (film)

Beat the Band is a 1947 American musical film directed by John H. Auer and written by Lawrence Kimble, Clarence Kimble and Arthur A. Ross. The film stars Frances Langford, Ralph Edwards, Phillip Terry, Gene Krupa and June Clayworth. The film was released on February 19, 1947, by RKO Pictures.
A small town girl named Ann Rogers (Frances Langford) is fooled by a bandleader posing as an opera teacher, another man’s wife posing as the opera teacher’s wife, and $3,000 of her own money stolen to pay for musicians in the band.



</doc>
<doc id="43842028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43842028" title="Maami">
Maami

Maami (English: My Mother) is a 2011 Nigerian drama film produced and directed by Tunde Kelani. It is based on a novel of the same name, written by Femi Osofisan, and adapted to screen by Tunde Babalola. It stars Funke Akindele as Maami, along with Wole Ojo and Olumide Bakare. Though the film was a commercial failure, it was generally met with positive critical reviews.

The film which is set two days before the 2010 World Cup tells the story of Kashimawo (Wole Ojo), an international soccer player as he comes to terms with his painful childhood, reflecting on his mother's love for him in the midst of poverty and deprivation, and his estranged father. The film received four nominations at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards; including Best Nigerian Film, Achievement in Cinematography, Best Production Design and Best Child Actor.


The film features special guest appearances from Yinka Davies, Kayode Balogun, Fatai Rolling Dollar, and Biodun Kupoluyi.

The film's official trailer was released on 18 November 2011, a theatrical promotional poster was also unveiled on 30 January 2012. The film premiered on 4 June 2011 at the Muson centre, Lagos and had the Governor of Lagos State; Babatunde Fashola in attendance. It was also screened on 13 June 2011 at Fountain Hotel, Ado-Ekiti in commemoration of June 12. It was screened in film festivals, before it went on general theatrical release on 3 February 2012.

The film was met with generally positive critical reviews, mostly due to its powerful story and themes. Nollywood Reinvented gave it 75%, praised the realness of the story, Funke Akindele's performance and noted the film for having memorable quotes and powerful themes. It concluded by stating: "there were a couple weak actors here and there, the story doesn’t strike you as ‘great’ from the beginning but it picks up pace, there are a lot of moments in this movie that are very endearing, you get the feeling that something’s missing in the movie but overall "Maami" was a simple delight to watch". The Africa Channel comments: "Any film that starts with a cacophony of vuvuzelas is unlikely to hold subtlety as a core value, and "Maami" certainly lives up to the reputation of bold filmmaking that Kelani is celebrated for. The plot is engaging and at points disturbing, fraught with theft, emotional blackmail and trickery". Gbenga Adeniji of The Punch comments: ""Maami" is a moving story which bares it all, yet allows viewers to expand their imagination and engage in sober reflection. It is humorous, meditative and pure. Kelani’s style of movie production salutes the past, recognizes the present and captures the future". Beatriz Leal Riesco of Okay Africa concluded: "This screen adaptation of Femi Osofisan’s eponymous novel harnesses all the ingredients of the present-day Nigerian epic: witchcraft, melodrama, corruption, soccer, and love. With a complex cast of characters featuring top talents, "Maami" is a masterpiece of popular cinema, fruit both of Nollywood’s unique cinema industry and the inspired personality of its director, the internationally acclaimed Tunde Kelani". Toni Kan of DStv feels the film would be much better as a linear narrative, he faulted Ayomide Abatti's performance and concluded: ""Maami" is a beautiful movie to watch. It is fast paced and the story grabs you from the very beginning and Kelani’s trademark cinematography shines through," the film exudes "strong messages for our times and Tunde Kelani passes it across beautifully". Wilfred Okiche of YNaija concludes: "the overall experience is a superior one. It packs an emotional punch and you might just find yourself shedding a tear or two. We realize that good films cost money and have resigned ourselves to the product placements, but thankfully, they keep it tasteful and at a bare minimum here. It is not a perfect film but it is definitely one to watch". 9aijabooksandmovies gave 3 out of 5 stars and comments: ""Maami" is an emotionally intoxicating movie, where viewers are visually served with large pints of heart touching, tear jerking scenes, stemming from the unconditional love a poor mother has for her only son. It is a beautifully crafted story; Viewers swim laps in the pool of flash backs and stop intermittently to inhale fresh breaths of reality. Despite its short comings more on technical details, "Maami" is a must see movie and another good work from Mainframe productions". Fola Akintomide comments: "Generally, the movie "Maami" successfully holds her audience bound with an amazing storyline, impressive technical display and exceptional performances by the actors; indeed once again, Nollywood veteran and multiple award winning Tunde Kelani stamped his name as one of the deserving icons in Africa".

The film however still wasn't received well by some critics. Amarachukwu Iwuala of "Nigeria Entertainment Today" gave a mixed review, faulting the character development and concluded: "Obviously, Tunde Kelani, the award-winning Director of "Oleku", "Saworoide" and "Thunderbolt" should have opted for a better adaptation of "Maami", the novel by Femi Osofisan". Joseph Edgar of New Telegraph gave a negative review; although he commended the picture quality and Funke Akindele's performance, he panned everyother aspect of the film, commenting: "I watched "Magun" and could not leave my seat when the movie was over. What struck me after watching "Maami" was like a car crash. Apart from the cinematic quality which cannot be taken away from him [Kelani] every other thing was a wreck. The casting was below par, the scripting was hurried and it looked like something that was quickly put together." "I could honestly feel Funke trying to pull this Molue wreck out of the pits, the rest was just journey into the abyss of stupidity". Itunu of The Movie Pencil panned the film and concluded: "Overall, the storyline had no solid foundation and was indecisive".

The film opened strongly at the theatres. However, earnings dropped considerably after the first week of release and the film was declared a commercial failure at the box office. Although the film was very popular at the time of its release, it didn't translate to good business as it was heavily pirated.

The film received four nominations at the 7th Africa Movie Academy Awards, including: Best Nigerian Film, Achievement in Cinematography, Best Production Design and Best Child Actor. It received six nominations at the 2013 Nollywood Movies Awards, including "Best Original Screenplay", "Best Actress in a Leading Role" for Akindele and "Best Indigenous Actor" for Wole Ojo; it won the award for "Best Indigenous Movie" and Akindele won "Best Indigenous Actress" award for her role. The film was also nominated for "Best Film Director" at the 2013 Nigeria Entertainment Awards. "Maami" also won awards at the 2013 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards and 2012 ZUMA Festival Awards.

"Maami" was released on VOD on 5 June 2013 through Dobox TV. and was released on DVD by Ajimson company on 14 April 2014. New scenes were shot and added to the Extended edition DVD; According to Kelani, the scenes were present in the original script but he initially decided not to shoot them. The DVD was however heavily pirated in less than 48 hours of its release, leading to a huge loss for Mainframe Studios.



</doc>
<doc id="43842407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43842407" title="Millionaires in Prison">
Millionaires in Prison

Millionaires in Prison is a 1940 American crime drama film directed by Ray McCarey and written by Lynn Root and Frank Fenton. The film stars Lee Tracy, Linda Hayes, Raymond Walburn, Morgan Conway and Truman Bradley. The film was released on July 12, 1940, by RKO Pictures.

Nick Burton is a convict who wields considerable influence among others behind bars. He befriends the prison doctor, Bill Collins, who is seeking a cure for a deadly virus and needs guinea pigs for his experimental drugs. A wealthy physician sentenced for reckless driving, Harry Lindsay, is persuaded to be of help.

Burton looks up two other rich inmates, Bruce Vander and Harold Kellogg, jailed for income tax evasion. They scheme to raise money for Collins' medical experiments. A pair of millionaire con men, James Brent and Sidney Keats, attempt a stock swindle even while behind bars, but Burton takes it upon himself to thwart their plans. The experiments produce a miracle cure for the virus, whereupon Burton and the doctor are both granted an early parole.




</doc>
<doc id="43842546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43842546" title="Spotlight (film)">
Spotlight (film)

Spotlight is a 2015 American biographical drama film directed by Tom McCarthy and written by McCarthy and Josh Singer. The film follows "The Boston Globe" "Spotlight" team, the oldest continuously operating newspaper investigative journalist unit in the United States, and its investigation into cases of widespread and systemic child sex abuse in the Boston area by numerous Roman Catholic priests. It is based on a series of stories by the "Spotlight" team that earned "The Globe" the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Public Service. The film features an ensemble cast including Mark Ruffalo, Michael Keaton, Rachel McAdams, John Slattery, and Stanley Tucci, with Brian d'Arcy James, Liev Schreiber, and Billy Crudup in supporting roles.

"Spotlight" was shown in the Out of Competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival. It was also shown at the Telluride Film Festival and the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was released on November 6, 2015, by Open Road Films and grossed $98 million worldwide. It won numerous guilds and critics' association awards, and was named one of the finest films of 2015 by various publications. "Spotlight" won the Academy Award for Best Picture, along with Best Original Screenplay, from six total nominations.

In 1976, at a Boston Police station, two policemen discuss the arrest of Catholic priest Fr. John Geoghan, for child molestation and a high ranking cleric, talks to the mother of the children. The Assistant District Attorney then enters the precinct and tells the policemen not to let the press get wind of what has happened. The arrest is hushed up, and the priest is released.

In 2001, "The Boston Globe" hires a new editor, Marty Baron. Baron meets Walter "Robby" Robinson, the editor of the newspaper's "Spotlight" team, a small group of journalists writing investigative articles that take months to research and publish. After Baron reads a "Globe" column about a lawyer, Mitchell Garabedian, who says that Cardinal Bernard Law (the Archbishop of Boston) knew that John Geoghan was sexually abusing children and did nothing to stop him, he urges the Spotlight team to investigate. Journalist Michael Rezendes contacts Garabedian, who initially declines to be interviewed. Though he is told not to, Rezendes reveals that he is on the Spotlight team, persuading Garabedian to talk.

Initially believing that they are following the story of one priest who was moved around several times, the Spotlight team begin to uncover a pattern of sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests in Massachusetts, and an ongoing cover-up by the Boston Archdiocese. Through Phil Saviano, who heads the victims' rights group Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP), whose members are interviewed by Globe reporter Sacha Pfeiffer, leading the team to widen their search to 13 priests. They learn through Richard Sipe, a former priest who worked at trying to rehabilitate pedophile priests, that according to his experience over decades, 50% of priests are not celibate, though most are in relationships with other adults. He also surprises the journalists that his findings would suggest their estimate of the numbers of pedophile priests is low, and that there should be approximately 90 abusive priests in Boston (6% of priests). Through their research, they develop a list of 87 names and begin to find their victims to back up their suspicions.

When the September 11 attacks occur, the team is forced to de-prioritize the story. They regain momentum when Rezendes learns from Garabedian that there are publicly available documents that confirm Cardinal Law was made aware of the problem and ignored it. Although Rezendes argues vociferously to run the story immediately before more victims suffer and rival newspapers publish, Robinson remains steadfast to research further so that the systemic problem can be more fully exposed. After the "Boston Globe" wins a case to have even more legal documents unsealed that provide the evidence of that larger picture, the Spotlight team finally begins to write the story, and plan to publish their findings in early 2002.

As they are about to go to print, Robinson confesses to the team that he was sent a list of 20 pedophile priests by lawyer Eric MacLeish in 1993, which he never followed up. But Baron still commends him and his team's efforts to expose the crimes now. The story goes to print with a web link to the documents that expose Cardinal Law's inaction and a phone number for victims of pedophile priests. The following morning, the Spotlight team finds itself inundated with phone calls from victims coming forward to tell their stories.

A textual epilogue notes that Cardinal Law resigned in December 2002 and was eventually promoted to the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore in Rome before presenting a list of places in the United States and around the world where major scandals involving abuse by priests took place.



The film was written by Tom McCarthy and co-writer Josh Singer. When McCarthy was asked how he and his co-author tackled the research and writing process, he stated:

As I said, I passed [turned down the film] the first time! That’s probably some indication of how intimidating it was. But I think, as always, with any big assignment, once you get over that initial shock and awe of how much material there was to cover, you start digging into the material and become really fascinated by and engaged with it, and we did. And yeah, it was a lot of work, but it was exciting work. It was really interesting work, parsing through details of not just the investigation, but its findings, and trying to determine what was most helpful in telling our story. I think having two brains on it was somewhat helpful too, because we could talk through it a lot. So it wasn’t just sitting alone in a room and jotting notes. We were dialoguing a lot about it. That particular collaboration did feel investigative and on some level, seemed to parallel some of the collaboration of the reporters in that investigation. So, I think there was something about our collaboration that made that initial process more palatable on some level.

McCarthy and Singer completed the script in June 2013. It was listed on the 2013 Black List of unproduced screenplays. Singer told "Creative Screenwriting" that one of his goals for the film was to highlight the power of journalism, which he feels has been waning. He explained, "This story isn’t about exposing the Catholic Church. We were not on some mission to rattle people’s faith. In fact, Tom came from a Catholic family. The motive was to tell the story accurately while showing the power of the newsroom – something that’s largely disappeared today. This story is important. Journalism is important, and there is a deeper message in the story."

Principal photography began on September 24, 2014, in Boston, Massachusetts, and continued in October in Hamilton, Ontario. Filming took place at Fenway Park, the then-current "Boston Globe" offices in Dorchester, Boston, the Boston Public Library, and McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario. The film's editor Tom McArdle said of the post-production process, "We edited for eight months. We just wanted to keep refining the film. We cut out five scenes plus some segments of other scenes. Often we would just cut out a line or two to make a scene a little tighter." The Boston Police station depicted in the opening scene was filmed in Toronto at the former Toronto Police Service 11 Division station at 209 Mavety Street, and the former Sears building on Islington Avenue in Toronto was converted into a replica of the interior of the old "Boston Globe", where the bulk of the filming took place.

The visual blog "Information is Beautiful" deduced that, while taking creative licence into account, the film was 76.2% accurate when compared to real-life events, summarizing that "the only conceits are scenes of power figures warning off the journalists".


The film "premiered to sustained applause" at the Venice Film Festival and the audience "erupted in laughter" when the film reported that following the events in the film Cardinal Bernard Law was reassigned to a senior position of honor in Rome. It had a limited release on November 6, 2015, with its U.S. release scheduled for three weeks later on November 25.

"Spotlight" was released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment on DVD and Blu-ray in the United States on February 23, 2016.

"Spotlight" grossed $45.1 million in the United States and Canada and $53.2 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $98.3 million, against a production budget of $20 million. "The Hollywood Reporter" calculated the film made a net profit of up to $10 million.

In the opening weekend of its limited release, the film grossed $295,009 from five theaters ($59,002 average), one of the highest per-screen averages of any release of 2015. The film grossed $4.4 million in the first weekend during its wide release, finishing 8th at the box office.

"Spotlight" received critical acclaim. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an approval rating of 97% based on 357 reviews, with an average rating of 8.83/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Spotlight" gracefully handles the lurid details of its fact-based story while resisting the temptation to lionize its heroes, resulting in a drama that honors the audience as well as its real-life subjects." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 93 out of 100, based on 45 critics, indicating "universal acclaim."

"Variety"s Justin Chang called the film "a superbly controlled and engrossingly detailed account of the "Boston Globe"s Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation into the widespread pedophilia scandals and subsequent cover-ups within the Catholic Church."

At the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, "Spotlight" finished third in the audience balloting for the People's Choice Award.

"Spotlight" was listed on many critics' top ten lists.

In general, the film was positively received by the Catholic community.

Prior to the film's release, Cardinal Sean O'Malley of the Archdiocese of Boston issued a statement in the archdiocese's official newspaper, stating that the "media's investigative reporting on the abuse crisis instigated a call for the Church to take responsibility for its failings and to reform itself—to deal with what was shameful and hidden." O’Malley had not seen the movie at that time but planned to do so according to a church spokesman.

On November 9, 2015, a review published by the "Catholic News Service" called the film a "generally accurate chronicle" of the Boston scandal, but objected to some of the portrayals and the film's view of the Church. On the "Catholic News Service", auxiliary bishop of Los Angeles Robert Barron said that it is "not a bad movie", as it shows how the wider community shares the responsibility for sexual abuse committed by priests, but that the film is wrong to insinuate that the Church has not reformed.

Vatican Radio, official radio service of the Holy See, called it "honest" and "compelling" and said it helped the U.S. Catholic Church "to accept fully the sin, to admit it publicly, and to pay all the consequences." Luca Pellegrini on the Vatican Radio website wrote that the "Globe" reporters "made themselves examples of their most pure vocation, that of finding the facts, verifying sources, and making themselves—for the good of the community and of a city—paladins of the need for justice." In February 2016, a Vatican City commission on clerical sex abuse attended a private screening of the film. Following the film's Best Picture win at the Oscars, Vatican newspaper "L'Osservatore Romano" ran a column assuring that the movie is "not an anti-Catholic film", and Vatican Radio revealed that clerics in Rome have been recommending the film to each other.

A January 8, 2016, article in "The New York Times" cited author David F. Pierre Jr., who said that "Spotlight" "is a misrepresentation of how the Church dealt with sexual abuse cases", asserting that the movie's biggest flaw was its failure to portray psychologists who had assured Church officials that abusive priests could be safely returned to ministry after undergoing therapy treatments. Open Road Films rebutted the detractor, saying he was "perpetuating a myth in order to distract from real stories of abuse."

The film was attacked by Jack Dunn (played by Gary Galone), the public relations head and a member of the board at Boston College High School, for portraying him as indifferent to the scandal. Dunn says he was immediately aware of the issues involved and worked to respond after viewing the film. Two of the "Globe" reporters depicted in the film, Walter Robinson and Sacha Pfeiffer, issued a statement in response to Dunn, firmly standing by their recollections of the day, that Dunn did "his best to frame a story in the most favorable way possible for the institution he is representing. That’s what Jack did that day." They said Dunn mounted a "spirited public relations defense of Boston College High School during our first sit-down interview at the school in early 2002," the scene in which Dunn is depicted.

On March 15, 2016, Open Road Films released a statement on how Dunn was portrayed in the film: "As is the case with most movies based on historical events, "Spotlight" contains fictionalized dialogue that was attributed to Mr. Dunn for dramatic effect. We acknowledge that Mr. Dunn was not part of the Archdiocesan cover-up. It is clear from his efforts on behalf of the victims at BC High that he and the filmmakers share a deep, mutual concern for victims of abuse."

Following this Dunn also released a statement: "I feel vindicated by the public statement and relieved to have the record set straight on an issue that has caused me and my family tremendous pain. While it will never erase the horrific experience of being falsely portrayed in an Academy Award-winning film, this public statement enables me to move forward with my reputation and integrity intact."

"Spotlight" has been critically acclaimed, and has been included in many critics' Top Ten Films of 2015 lists. The film has received over 100 industry and critics awards and nominations. The American Film Institute selected "Spotlight" as one of the Top Ten Films of the year. The film garnered three Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director for McCarthy, and Best Screenplay for McCarthy and Josh Singer. It was nominated for five Independent Spirit Awards, including Best Feature, Best Director, Best Screenplay for Singer, Best Editing for Tom McArdle and Honorary Robert Altman Award for the cast. Rachel McAdams and the ensemble cast received nominations for the Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role and the Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture respectively, with the cast winning the latter.

The New York Film Critics Circle awarded Michael Keaton the Best Actor award, while it won the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Ensemble cast at the New York Film Critics Online Awards. "Spotlight" won the Best Film and Best Screenplay from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. It received eight nominations from the Broadcast Film Critics Association, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Screenplay and Best Score. It won the Best Cast in a Motion Picture at Satellite Awards and was nominated for six other awards including Best Film, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress
and Best Original Screenplay.

At the Academy Awards, the film received six nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor for Ruffalo, Best Supporting Actress for McAdams, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Film Editing, winning Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay. It is the first Best Picture winner to win fewer than three Academy Awards since "The Greatest Show on Earth" in 1953. At the time of its win, the film had made $39.2 million at the North American box office, which made it the second lowest domestically grossing film (adjusted for ticket-price inflation) to win Best Picture within the past four decades (after "The Hurt Locker" with $17 million).

"Spotlight" was listed on over 120 critics' and publications' top ten lists.

It was also voted the 88th greatest film since 2000 in an international critics' poll conducted by BBC.



</doc>
<doc id="43843524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43843524" title="Tim Maia (film)">
Tim Maia (film)

Tim Maia is a 2014 Brazilian biographical drama film based on the book "Vale Tudo - O Som e a Fúria de Tim Maia" by Nelson Motta, about the life of Brazilian musician Tim Maia. It is co-written and directed by Mauro Lima, and starring Robson Nunes, Babu Santana, Alinne Moraes, Cauã Reymond, Valdineia Soriano, George Sauma and Tito Naville.

The film follows the trajectory of one of the most beloved and respected artists of Brazilian music, from his humble origins to the most successful period of his career as a performer, going through transitions like the trip he took to New York City without money and without speaking a word of English.


</doc>
<doc id="43844038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43844038" title="Pop Always Pays">
Pop Always Pays

Pop Always Pays is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins using a screenplay by Charles E. Roberts, based on a story by Arthur J. Beckhard. Although not credited in the film, news reports of the time reported that when Goodwins fell ill during the filming, the screenwriter, Roberts, assumed directing duties. The film stars Leon Errol, Dennis O'Keefe, Adele Pearce, and Walter Catlett, and was released by RKO Radio Pictures on June 21, 1940.


</doc>
<doc id="43844826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43844826" title="Hurry, Charlie, Hurry">
Hurry, Charlie, Hurry

Hurry, Charlie, Hurry is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Charles E. Roberts and written by Paul Gerard Smith. The film stars Leon Errol, Mildred Coles, Kenneth Howell, Cecil Cunningham and George Watts. The film was released on June 13, 1941, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43846431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43846431" title="The Nice Guys">
The Nice Guys

The Nice Guys is a 2016 American neo-noir crime black comedy film directed by Shane Black and written by Black and Anthony Bagarozzi. The film stars Russell Crowe, Ryan Gosling, Angourie Rice, Matt Bomer, Margaret Qualley, Keith David and Kim Basinger. Set in 1977 Los Angeles, the film focuses on a private eye (Gosling) and a tough enforcer (Crowe) who team up to investigate the disappearance of a teenage girl (Qualley).

"The Nice Guys" premiered on May 11, 2016, in Hollywood, and also screened on May 15 at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, before being released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States on May 20, 2016. It received positive reviews from critics and grossed $62 million on a $50 million budget.

In 1977 Los Angeles, a young boy named Bobby admires a magazine centerfold of porn star Misty Mountains, when Misty herself crashes her car through the boy’s house and is found dead afterwards. Down-on-his-luck private eye Holland March is hired by Misty's aunt, who claims to have seen her niece still alive. March’s investigation leads him to Amelia Kuttner, an associate of Misty's who later pays enforcer Jackson Healy to scare March away. Healy barges into March's house and breaks his arm before leaving.

Healy is interrogated by two thugs, “Blueface” — so named after he sets off a dye pack while searching Healy’s apartment — and Older Guy, about Amelia's whereabouts. Healy wards them off with a shotgun, and teams up with a reluctant March to find Amelia first.

March and Healy question Amelia’s anti-pollution protest group and meet Chet, who brings them to the burnt-down house of Amelia's boyfriend Dean, who died in the fire. They learn that Amelia and Dean were working with Misty on an "experimental film" — combining pornography and investigative journalism — called "How Do You Like My Car, Big Boy?" The two infiltrate a party in search of the film's financier, Sid Shattuck. Healy discovers the film is missing, while a drunken March finds Shattuck dead, and unknowingly crosses paths with Amelia. March’s daughter Holly, having snuck along to the party, manages to stop Blueface from killing Amelia. Blueface is struck in a hit-and-run, and Amelia flees. Healy subdues Older Guy and finds Blueface dying, who tells Healy his boss has dispatched a hit man named John Boy to kill Amelia, March, and all other witnesses. Healy discreetly strangles Blueface to death. 

March and Healy are met by Amelia's mother, Judith Kuttner, a high-ranking official in the United States Department of Justice, who claims Amelia is delusional and believes Judith wants her dead. Judith hires the duo to find her daughter.

March and Healy make their way to an airport hotel where Amelia is meeting with distributors for the film. John Boy has arrived ahead of them; they witness the businessmen being slaughtered and hastily retreat, only for Amelia to land on their car and shoot at them, knocking herself unconscious. They take her to March's house, where she reveals that her mother is in the pocket of a cabal of Detroit automakers. After uncovering evidence that they suppressed the catalytic converter, which regulates exhaust emissions, Amelia created the film to expose their collusion, and her mother has had everyone connected to the film killed.

Judith has her assistant Tally arrange for March and Healy to deliver a briefcase of $100,000; March tells her they have found Amelia. When March falls asleep while driving and crashes the car, the briefcase flies open to reveal shredded magazines; the delivery was a diversion to leave Amelia unprotected. John Boy arrives at March’s house disguised as a family doctor, attacking Holly and engaging in a shootout with March and Healy before evading the police. Amelia flees the house only to be killed by John Boy when she unwittingly flags down his car.

March and Healy try to bring the matter to court but have no evidence. At Misty’s house, they discover the nearsighted Mrs. Glenn only saw projected footage of her niece — the missing film. They realize that Chet is the projectionist for the Los Angeles Auto Show and will try to screen the film. At the auto show, Healy and March are intercepted at gunpoint by Tally, who is distracted by Holly and knocked unconscious. Healy finds Chet, who has spliced the film into the auto show presentation. The film plays to the entire auto show, implicating the auto executives. On the roof, March struggles with Older Guy, who falls to his death while March lands in the pool. Holly stops Tally from reaching the film. Healy overpowers John Boy, but spares his life at Holly's behest, and March secures the film from thugs sent by the auto executives. 

Judith is arrested, but insists she did not want Amelia killed and that "what is good for Detroit is good for America", while Healy and March continue working together as private eyes, naming their agency "The Nice Guys".


Like Black's previously directed film "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang", "The Nice Guys" takes inspiration from Brett Halliday, namely his novel "Blue Murder". Black initially wrote a version of the script along with Anthony Bagarozzi in 2001 which established the characters but otherwise was vastly different. According to Black, each would start with one detective, he with March and Bagarozzi with Healy. Along the way, they swapped characters and eventually wrote a first draft. This version of the script failed to attract any buyers, and then Black reworked it into a 64-page version that would serve for a television pilot. CBS became attracted to it, but given the contents led to many objections by the Standards and Practices department, it eventually did not progress. Black would later, upon promoting the release of the final film, speak disparagingly of the idea of the television series, stating that such a show "wouldn't have been any good". By 2009, Bagarozzi suggested changing the film from a contemporary setting to the 1970s. Black's producer friend Joel Silver was initially wary of the idea as he felt audiences would not be as welcoming to a period piece, but he changed his mind after producing "Sherlock Holmes". Black stated the change in time period helped as in contrast to "the divisiveness that we see now", the 1970s was full of multiculturalism and "was the aftermath of the protests and you got a sense that we are all in it together". The contents also drew to risqué films of the decade such as "Vanishing Point" and "Five Easy Pieces". Bagarozzi noted how the title "The Nice Guys" aimed to be ironic and non-descriptive, as the two main characters were "literally the two worst people that we could think of and then trying to make that fun," given "one breaks arms for a living and the other cons old ladies out of money."

After Black completed "Iron Man 3" in 2013, Silver asked him what he wanted to do next, and he expressed interest in doing "The Nice Guys". The scripts were sent to Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe, and both wound up taking the roles specially for the prospect of working with one another. Gosling even stated that when he read the script already picturing Crowe as Healy, "the movie just immediately became so funny" as he had never seen Crowe in a similar role. Gosling and Crowe accepted in a period of three days, and Black cited the casting as the reason the film was able to move forward, summed up as "After thirteen years it just popped into place in three days". The film was announced in June 2014, and other casting news followed with Margaret Qualley and Angourie Rice officially joining in September. Matt Bomer, Keith David, Beau Knapp, and Kim Basinger were confirmed in October, and Ty Simpkins and Jack Kilmer were announced in November.

Principal photography began on October 27, 2014, in Atlanta and Decatur, Georgia. While production designer Richard Bridgland saw a challenge in that the green Atlanta differed too much from desertic Los Angeles, he found some fitting locations such as Dallas Austin's house, whose design was based on what architect John Lautner found in Southern California, and the Atlanta Hilton, which had not changed at all since being built in 1976. On October 31, a police station scene was filmed in Atlanta among extras. Filming also took place in Los Angeles, mostly to get exteriors of locations such as The Comedy Store.

Bridgland did his best to recreate the 1970s, researching from Super 8 films to documentary photographs, and basing the furniture on designers such as Verner Panton. Even the Misty Mountains glamour photography had Bridgland recruiting Arny Freytag, responsible for most "Playboy" centerfolds of the decade. For its part, Warner Bros. used its 1972–84 title featuring the "Big W" logo designed by Saul Bass for Warner Communications to open the film.

John Ottman, who had scored Shane Black's "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang", was brought to do the music for "The Nice Guys" along with David Buckley. Ottman drew inspiration from 1970s shows such as "S.W.A.T." and "The Dean Martin Show", with "The Streets of San Francisco" being a particular influence on the main theme. Ottman detailed that the difference to "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang" was that now the music was more song-driven, with Black stating that the songs would contrast to the neo-noir tone by focusing on mainstream, exuberant songs of the decade.

Lakeshore Records issued soundtrack albums for both the featured music and original score. The soundtrack also got a special collector's edition vinyl designed by Los Angeles-based creative services company iam8bit to create "something that seemed like it was an artifact from the seventies" and also "drew from the fictional world of the movie and give you something tactile you can hold in your hand", with the gatefold being a 3D centerfold of Misty Mountains, and the packaging including posters of Sid Shattuck films and a business card for The Nice Guys Agency.

In the United States, the film was originally scheduled for a June 17, 2016, release, which Warner Bros. moved up to May 20, 2016, giving its previous date to "Central Intelligence". The film had its premiere at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Hollywood on May 11, followed by a 1970s-themed after-party at The Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and screened at Cannes on May 15. The film was released on digital on August 9, 2016, and DVD and Blu-ray on August 23, 2016. 

"The Nice Guys" grossed $36.3 million in the United States and Canada and $25.5 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $62.8 million, against a production budget of $50 million.

In North America, the film was released on May 20, 2016, alongside "" and "The Angry Birds Movie", and was projected to gross around $10 million from 2,865 theaters in its opening weekend. It grossed $700,000 during its Thursday night previews and $3.9 million on its first day. In its opening weekend the film grossed $11.3 million, finishing fourth at the box office behind "The Angry Birds Movie" ($39 million), "" ($33.1 million) and "Neighbors 2" ($21.8 million). Phil Walden of "Forbes" argued that the film could have performed higher if not for sharing its release with "Neighbors 2", which shared the same older demographic the film targeted.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 93% based on 300 reviews, with an average score of 7.59/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""The Nice Guys" hearkens back to the buddy comedies of a bygone era while adding something extra, courtesy of a knowing script, and the irresistible chemistry of its leads." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 70 out of 100, based on 51 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it a 75% overall positive score and a 52% "definite recommend".

Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a positive review, praising Black's writing, and saying: "If you like Shane Black, you will like "The Nice Guys". It's probably the Shane Black-est of all the Shane Black movies. Black has a knack for turning action movie expectations on their head mixed with knowing and rich dialogue." IGN gave the film a 9/10, writing, "Working from a tight and sharp script that perfectly balances the characters like a yin and yang of screw-ups ensures "The Nice Guys" is an absolute joy every step of the way." Richard Roeper of "Chicago Sun-Times" gave 3 stars out 4 and wrote, "Forget about Kevin Hart and Ice Cube in "Ride Along 2", or Zac Efron and Robert De Niro in "Dirty Grandpa", or Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson in "Zoolander 2". Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling are the funniest duo of the year so far in "The Nice Guys"". James Berardinelli described the film as reminiscent of "Boogie Nights". Berardinelli wrote, ""The Nice Guys" is a refreshingly adult movie entering a marketplace saturated by teen-friendly superhero flicks and animated family fare. It's edgy (although not so edgy that it will turn off a mass market audience), funny, and fast-paced", and he gave a score of 3 out of 4.

On the other hand, Rex Reed of "New York Observer" gave a score of 0 and he felt that the film is "another sub-mental movie for morons churned out by the kind of sophomoric Hollywood machine that trademarks the works of Judd Apatow & Co." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" wrote that the film lacks wistful, slyly political sense of history that Paul Thomas Anderson's "Inherent Vice" had. Scott wrote, "Even nostalgic nonsense requires more than attitude and energy, which is all that Mr. Black has to offer. And despite all its restless detective work, "The Nice Guys" is unable to track down a soul or a reason for being." Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, "That the film mostly falls flat has far more to do with the largely unconvincing material rather than with the co-stars, who are more than game for the often clownish shenanigans Black and his co-writer Anthony Bagarozzi have concocted for them; in fit and starts, the actors display a buoyant comic rapport." McCarthy, however, praised the production design (by Richard Bridgland) and costume design (by Kym Barrett) due to their "vivid reminders of how much L.A. has spruced itself up over the past 40 years"; and the cinematography (by Philippe Rousselot) due to "the figurative and possibly even literal use of a smog filter to evoke a physically and morally toxic environment."

In May 2016, prior to the film's release, Black said of a follow-up, "I think it's a little premature to consider a sequel. I don't believe in jinxes necessarily, but we really need people to see this one before we can even talk about that. We're up against some stiff superhero competition and we just need people to, you know, maybe see "" six times, but not the seventh and see us instead." In August 2018, Black reiterated his desire to make a sequel, although noted the film probably did not gross enough at the box office to make it likely.

In September 2017, it was reported that Fox had given a script commitment to a contemporary female-led television version entitled "The Nice Girls", to be produced by Silver Pictures Television with a script by Michael Diliberti. But the project never advanced past initial development.



</doc>
<doc id="43848967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43848967" title="Electroboy (film)">
Electroboy (film)

Electroboy is a 2014 Swiss documentary film directed by Marcel Gisler about the life of Florian Burkhardt, alias Electroboy, model, snowboard pioneer, advertiser, author, party organizer and composer during the 1990s, who now suffers from a generalized anxiety.

The documentary was shot in Switzerland, Germany, India and the United States between April and July 2013. It premiered at Locarno International Film Festival. It was released in Swiss cinemas in November 2014 and in German and Austrian cinemas in November 2015.

The Hollywood Reporter researcher Boyd van Hoeij says about the film: "A fascinating look at a complex human being’s many up and downs" and "Instead of becoming a long list of occurrences, accomplishments, reinventions and psychological challenges and transformations, the film naturally brings all these elements together to paint a picture of an extremely complex human being [...] who had to try and find out the hard way who he was and what he wanted out of life." 
Madeleine Hirsiger from Locarno International Film Festival says about the film: "...excellently and densely edited portrait leads the spectator into an anxiety from which there is no escape." 




</doc>
<doc id="43849689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43849689" title="Scattergood Pulls the Strings">
Scattergood Pulls the Strings

Scattergood Pulls the Strings is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Christy Cabanne and Bernard Schubert. It is the sequel to the 1941 film "Scattergood Baines". The film stars Guy Kibbee, Bobs Watson, Susan Peters, James Corner, Emma Dunn, Dink Trout and Monte Blue. The film was released on May 23, 1941, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43850341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43850341" title="Ladies' Day">
Ladies' Day

Ladies' Day is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts and Dane Lussier, adapted from the play of the same name. The film stars Lupe Vélez, Eddie Albert, Patsy Kelly, Max Baer and Jerome Cowan. It was released on April 9, 1943, by RKO Pictures.

Wives and girlfriends sit together at a Sox game to watch Wacky Waters pitch. He's a fun-loving guy who is delighted to learn that Hollywood star Pepita Zorita is at today's game, selling kisses for charity. Wacky promptly borrows money from team publicity man Updyke to buy $300 worth.

In the grandstand, catcher Hippo Jones's wife Hazel and the other women are concerned. Wacky is the best pitcher in baseball when he concentrates on what he's doing, but whenever a pretty girl turns his head, a distracted Wacky suddenly can't throw the ball over the plate. The wives want the Sox to be in the World Series so their husbands will receive bonus money.

Sure enough, Wacky's infatuation with Pepita begins a run of bad luck for him and the Sox at the ballpark. On the train, the wives protest until Wacky discloses that he and Pepita secretly ran off to get married. While they are happy for the couple, Hazel schemes to have a Hollywood producer require Pepita's presence to shoot a movie there. This could keep Wacky focused on baseball until the World Series.

Pepita finishes the film faster than expected. She hurries to Kansas City to see Wacky and the Sox, so the wives take matters into their own hands, tying up Pepita in a hotel room against her will. Wacky eventually wins the World Series for the Sox, but this time, it's only because the woman he loves is there.



</doc>
<doc id="43852078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43852078" title="My Santa (2013 film)">
My Santa (2013 film)

My Santa is a 2013 television film starring Samaire Armstrong and Matthew Lawrence. The film was directed by Sam Irvin.

A single mother wants to find a father figure for her 7-year-old son. A visitor from the North helps her regain the Spirit of Christmas and find the father figure she was seeking.


</doc>
<doc id="43852264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43852264" title="Scattergood Meets Broadway">
Scattergood Meets Broadway

Scattergood Meets Broadway is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Michael L. Simmons and Ethel B. Stone. It is the sequel to the 1941 film "Scattergood Pulls the Strings". The film stars Guy Kibbee, Mildred Coles, William "Bill" Henry, Emma Dunn, Frank Jenks, Joyce Compton and Bradley Page. The film was released on August 22, 1941, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43852639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43852639" title="It Happened to One Man">
It Happened to One Man

It Happened to One Man is a 1940 British drama film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Wilfrid Lawson, Nora Swinburne and Marta Labarr. The screenplay was scripted by Paul Merzbach and Nina Jarcis, based on the play of the same name by John Hastings Turner and Roland Pertwee. Produced by Victor Hanbury's British Eagle Productions,

It was distributed in the United States by RKO Pictures, and premiered in New York City at the Little Carnegie Playhouse on 22 February 1941.



</doc>
<doc id="43852668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43852668" title="Scattergood Rides High">
Scattergood Rides High

Scattergood Rides High is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne and written by Michael L. Simmons. It is the sequel to the 1941 film "Scattergood Meets Broadway". The film stars Guy Kibbee, Jed Prouty, Dorothy Moore, Charles Lind and Kenneth Howell. The film was released on May 8, 1942, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43852912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43852912" title="Repent at Leisure">
Repent at Leisure

Repent at Leisure is a 1941 American domestic comedy film directed by Frank Woodruff from a screenplay by Jerry Cady based on a story by James Gow and Arnaud D'Usseau. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film was released on April 4, 1941, and stars Kent Taylor, Wendy Barrie, and George Barbier.



</doc>
<doc id="43853099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853099" title="Our Brand Is Crisis (2015 film)">
Our Brand Is Crisis (2015 film)

Our Brand Is Crisis is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed by David Gordon Green and written by Peter Straughan. Based on the 2005 documentary film of the same name by Rachel Boynton, it is a fictionalized account of the involvement of American political campaign strategists "Greenberg Carville Shrum" (GCS) in the 2002 Bolivian presidential election. The film stars Sandra Bullock, Scoot McNairy, Billy Bob Thornton, Anthony Mackie, Ann Dowd and Joaquim de Almeida.

Principal photography began on September 29, 2014, in New Orleans, Louisiana. George Clooney and Grant Heslov produced. The film was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. It was theatrically released by Warner Bros. on October 30, 2015. It received mixed reviews, despite Bullock's performance being largely praised, and was a box office disappointment.

In 2002, Bolivian politician Pedro Castillo (a fictionalized version of Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada) hires an American political consulting firm (based on James Carville's Greenberg Carville Shrum firm) to help him win the 2002 Bolivian presidential election. The firm brings in Jane Bodine (Sandra Bullock) to manage the campaign in Bolivia. The opposition's political consultant is her nemesis, fellow American Pat Candy (Billy Bob Thornton). In Bolivia the situation is tense: the indigenous people, who are a majority in the country, are protesting for a constitutional reform, to get proper representation.

The American consultants, not knowing the language or the culture, are persuaded by Bodine, a burned out political strategist, to follow a strategy of smear campaigning. However, Castillo refuses to give permission for the team to do so. It is only after publishing a flyer accusing Castillo of a long ago affair (and blaming it on the opposition) does Castillo agree to smear his opponents likewise.

In the following months, the team exercises a strategy of declaring a crisis. They are planning on frightening the people, so they would be persuaded to vote for the unsympathetic but known Castillo rather than the younger oppositions' candidates. Also they publish photos of their enemy with Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie in the background, so that he has to deny being a Nazi. Castillo's bus is stopped by a group of protesters who don't want the International Monetary Fund in Bolivia. Castillo promises not to invite the IMF without a referendum. Eduardo, a young volunteer of the Castillo campaign, is deeply impressed by this. His loyalty comes mostly from the fact that Castillo, who was President at the time, took Eduardo on his arm, during a rally in his town. Nevertheless, his brothers are much more skeptical about Castillo.

During the final debate, Bodine cites a quote in her conversation with Candy, which he gives to Rivera in his speech, saying that "a great man" said it. Unfortunately the quote is actually from Joseph Goebbels, Adolf Hitler's minister of propaganda. Castillo wins the vote by a small margin. As one of his first actions, he invites the IMF, thereby breaking his promise. The deeply disappointed Eduardo visits Bodine in her hotel, who says that she is not responsible for Castillo's actions. In her eyes, her job is done.

The disillusioned Eduardo joins his brothers at a demonstration of people demanding change. The police arrive and the demonstration quickly turns into a riot. Bodine and her crew are with Candy on the way to the airport. All of them, except Bodine, already have jobs as political consultants in other countries. When Bodine realizes that she brought a liar into office, she leaves the car. At the demonstration she meets Eduardo. In a final clip of the TV interview she has been shown giving throughout the movie, it's revealed that she is now the head of an organization that promotes Latin American solidarity.


On April 22, 2007, it was announced that George Clooney would produce a dramatization of the 2005 documentary "Our Brand Is Crisis", along with Grant Heslov, and Warner Bros. would handle American distribution rights. Peter Straughan was set to write the script, with Clooney attached as a potential director and star for the film, about the 2002 Bolivian presidential election's campaign by James Carville's Washington, D.C.-based political consulting firm "Greenberg Carville Shrum", which was hired by candidate Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada. On December 11, 2013, Sandra Bullock was in early talks to star in the film, while Clooney chose not to direct, and his starring in the film was also unconfirmed at that time. On August 21, 2014, Bullock's casting was confirmed, playing a retired political consultant called 'Calamity' Jane Bodine, and David Gordon Green was set to direct the film. On September 11, Scoot McNairy was added to the cast. On September 15, Billy Bob Thornton joined the film, and on September 18, Anthony Mackie joined the cast. On September 24, Ann Dowd joined the film. On October 10, Joaquim de Almeida and Zoe Kazan joined the cast, with Almeida playing Castillo, the former president of Bolivia, and Kazan playing a young woman who finds dirt on political candidates. On October 13, 2014, Participant Media announced that they would co-finance the film with Warner, while Jeffrey Skoll and Jonathan King would executive produce, along with Bullock and Stuart M. Besser. More casting was also announced, which included Reynaldo Pacheco, Dominic Flores, Louis Arcella, and Octavio Gómez.

Principal photography on the film began on September 29, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana, using 35mm film. Filming also took place in the Bonnet Carré Spillway in Norco in St. Charles Parish. Additional filming occurred in Puerto Rico and Bolivia.

In July 2015, Warner Bros. scheduled the film for an October 30, 2015 release, during the awards season. It had a wide release in 2,202 theaters for 21 days.

"Our Brand Is Crisis" grossed $7 million in North America and $1.6 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $8.6 million, against a budget of $28 million.

The film opened on October 30, 2015, alongside "Burnt" and "Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse". In its opening weekend, it was projected to make $5–7 million from 2,202 theaters, however only ended up grossing $3.2 million, finishing eighth at the box office. This was the lowest wide release opening of Bullock's career, beating 1996's "Two If by Sea" ($4.7 million).

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 35% based on 147 reviews, with an average rating of 5.3/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Our Brand Is Crisis" offers sporadic amusement and benefits from a talented cast, but ultimately lacks enough of a bite to add much of interest to the political satire genre." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 53 out of 100, based on 35 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "C+" on an A+ to F scale.

Eric Kohn from Indiewire wrote that the movie is all about Bullock's performance, saying "she imbues her part with a ferocious energy that constantly elevates the straightforward material". Peter Debruge from "Variety" thought that Jane Bodine, played by Bullock, "is easily one of the best female roles of the last 10 years," while Benjamn Lee from "The Guardian" wrote that "Bullock seems blissfully unaware of the film’s faults and delivers a performance that expertly plays on her strengths - her comic timing, wasted in lesser, plane-ready comedies, is on top form and she imbues her neurotic character with more than the thinly sketched quirks provided on the page; she commands a room when needed, perfects scenes of physical comedy and even turns a climax of forced sentiment into something poignant and believable"; he concluded that "while the film is patchy, Bullock's brand is confidently crisis-free".




</doc>
<doc id="43853151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853151" title="Highways by Night">
Highways by Night

Highways by Night is a 1942 American crime drama film directed by Peter Godfrey from a screenplay by Lynn Root and Frank Fenton, based on the story "Silver Spoon", by Clarence Budington Kelland. The film stars Richard Carlson and Jane Randolph.



</doc>
<doc id="43853206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853206" title="Scattergood Survives a Murder">
Scattergood Survives a Murder

Scattergood Survives a Murder is a 1942 American mystery film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by Michael L. Simmons, based on the series of short stories about "Scattergood Baines", penned by Clarence Budington Kelland.


In July 1942 it was announced that Guy Kibbee would star in the picture, to be produced by Jerrold T. Brandt, who had produced the earlier 4 Scattergood films.


</doc>
<doc id="43853326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853326" title="The Great Gildersleeve (film)">
The Great Gildersleeve (film)

The Great Gildersleeve is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. Based on the popular NBC radio series "The Great Gildersleeve" created by Leonard L. Levinson, which ran from 1941 to 1950, this was the first of four films in the Gildersleeve's series produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. The screenplay was written by Jack Townley and Julien Josephson, and the film stars Harold Peary and Jane Darwell. Other films in the series were others were "Gildersleeve's Bad Day" (1943), "Gildersleeve on Broadway" (1943), "Gildersleeve's Ghost" (1944).




</doc>
<doc id="43853402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853402" title="Cinderella Swings It">
Cinderella Swings It

Cinderella Swings It is a 1943 American comedy-drama film directed by Christy Cabanne from the screenplay by Michael L. Simmons, based on the series of short stories by Clarence Budington Kelland centered on "Scattergood Baines". Produced and Distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, it was released on January 22, 1943 and stars Guy Kibbee and Gloria Warren. It was the last of the six films in the Scattergood series, and its name was changed from "Scattergood Swings It", since the franchise was not doing well.

Scattergood Baines is a local merchant in the New England town of Coldriver. To support the war effort, he donates a tract of land to the army and organizes the local civilian defense team. In addition, when a local bandleader, Tommy Stewart, is upset over not being able to enlist until he graduates, Scattergood suggests that Stewart and his female friend, Sally Benson, organize a local show to support the USO.

Meanwhile, the local music teacher, Professor Vladimir Smitken, believes his niece, Betty Palmer, has a good enough classical voice to attempt to make it in New York City. Using all of his meager savings, he takes Betty to New York, where he has arranged for her to audition for a Broadway producer, Brock Harris. Harris is less than impressed with Betty's voice, and she and Smitken return to Coldriver, Smitken in a very bad financial state. To cheer Betty up, Scattergood, along with some support from Stewart, convinces her to appear in the show Stewart and Sally are putting together. Scattergood also convinces Betty that she should switch from singing classical music to more modern swing tunes. As Betty practices for the show, a romance blossoms between her and Stewart, which makes Sally jealous, as she looked on Stewart as her personal property. To hinder Betty's budding relationship, Sally constructs several roadblocks in an attempt to prevent her from being in the show.

When Scattergood discovers Smitken's financial difficulties, he decides try to do something to help the professor out. He learns that the Broadway producer Harris is an avid fisherman. He travels to New York and convinces Harris to return to Coldriver with him, selling him on the area's excellent fishing. Once he has Harris in the area, he contrives excuse after excuse in order to keep him there, delaying him long enough so that he is still in town when Stewart's show is going on. Since he has several hours to kill before he has to board a train back to the city, Scattergood convinces Harris to attend the USO benefit show. Despite Sally's attempts to derail her, Betty appears in the show, and this time wows Harris with her performance of swing tunes. Harris immediately signs her for his next Broadway production after the show.


The sixth and final installment in the Scattergood Baines film series, it was the only one of the series which was a musical. In July 1942 it was announced that Guy Kibbee would star in the picture, at that time named "Scattergood Swings It", to be produced by Jerrold T. Brandt, who had produced the other five Scattergood films. Right after Kibbee was announced, Gloria Warren was given the female lead in the picture. In August, Christy Cabanne was assigned as the film's director. The score included the songs "The Flag's Still There, Mr. Key, " words and music by George Jessel and Ben Oakland, and "I Heard You Cry Last Night," words and music by Jerrie Kruger and Ted Grouya.

Trade screenings of the film occurred on January 18 and 19, 1943. The film premiered on January 22, after which it was announced that it would be released nationwide in the United States on February 22. Shortly after its release, "Cinderella Swings It" was given a class A-1 rating by the National Legion of Decency, making it unobjectionable for general audiences.

"The Film Daily" panned the film, calling it "unimaginative", and "loaded with hoakum". They did not like the script by Michael L. Simmons, and found Cabanne's direction dull. The one bright spot for them was the performance of Gloria Warren, and they felt that Kibbee handled his role capably. Harrison's Reports gave "Cinderella Swings It" a poor rating, although they did say that the film was the best of the Scattergood series, and they enjoyed Warren's performance.



</doc>
<doc id="43853694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853694" title="Girl Rush">
Girl Rush

Girl Rush is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Robert E. Kent. The film stars Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Frances Langford, Barbara Jo Allen, Robert Mitchum, Paul Hurst, Patti Brill and Sarah Padden. The film was released on October 25, 1944, by RKO Pictures.

Two vaudevillians travel to find gold, to a village non-existent of women. So, in return for gold, the vaudevillians flood the village with women.




</doc>
<doc id="43853699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43853699" title="Petticoat Larceny">
Petticoat Larceny

Petticoat Larceny is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Ben Holmes from an original screenplay by Jack Townley and Stuart Palmer. The film stars Ruth Warrick, Joan Carroll, and Walter Reed, and was released by RKO Radio Pictures (who also produced the film) on July 7, 1943.




</doc>
<doc id="43857694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43857694" title="Free the Nipple (film)">
Free the Nipple (film)

Free the Nipple is a 2014 American comedy-drama independent film directed by Lina Esco and written by Hunter Richards. Esco created the film to draw public attention to the issue of gender equality and encourage discussion over what she perceived as America's glorification of violence and repression of sexuality. When in post-production during February 2014, the film was picked up for distribution by Paris-based WTFilms.

Led by Liv (Lola Kirke), an army of passionate women launch a revolution to "Free the Nipple" and decriminalize female toplessness. Based on true events, a mass movement of topless women, backed by First Amendment lawyers, graffiti installations, and national publicity stunts, invade New York City to protest censorship hypocrisies and promote gender equality legally and culturally in the U.S.

Miley Cyrus, who had worked with Esco on "LOL", came forward to support the film and a woman's right to bare a nipple in public. Joining Cyrus in her support of Esco and the film are Rumer Willis, Nico Tortorella, Lydia Hearst, Giles Matthey, Cara Delevingne, and Russell Simmons.

The film was picked up by IFC Films, and it was announced on September 29, 2014, that Sundance Selects picked the film for North American release.




</doc>
<doc id="43859765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43859765" title="Walt Before Mickey">
Walt Before Mickey

Walt Before Mickey is a 2015 American biographical drama film about the early years of Walt Disney based on the book "Walt Before Mickey: Disney's Early Years, 1919–1928" by Timothy S. Susanin, with a foreword written by Diane Disney. The film stars Thomas Ian Nicholas as Walt Disney, Armando Gutierrez as Ub Iwerks, and Jon Heder as Roy Disney.

The film covers Walt Disney's early years in business, during which he started various businesses including Laugh-O-Gram Studio and The Walt Disney Company with fellow animator Ub Iwerks and Roy Disney.

The film is narrated periodically by Walt Disney. At the age of thirteen, he develops a love for animation and film. In 1919, after returning from his time with the Red Cross, Walt moves in with his older brother Roy and his girlfriend Edna, in Kansas City. Roy later moves to California, staying in a veterans hospital to deal with tuberculosis. Walt is hired as an artist at Pesmen-Rubin Commercial Art Studio, meeting Ub Iwerks. However, Walt and Iwerks are made redundant weeks after when the company's revenue declines.

Walt and Iwerks found their own business, Iwerks-Disney Commercial Artists, located in an old barn. They are joined by animators Fred and Hugh Harman, and come up with the "Laugh-O-Grams" to show in Frank L. Newman's theatres. With help from new investors, the Laugh-O-Gram Studio is founded. Walt hires new staff including Friz Freleng and Rudy Ising. The studio struggles financially, and Walt is unable to pay his animators, or keep up his rent. Walt finds solace in a mouse occupying the studio, and contacts New York City-based distributor Margaret Winkler, pitching her a live action-animated "Alice" series, which Winkler approves of. However, Laugh-O-Gram Studios goes bankrupt shortly after.

Walt moves to Los Angeles in 1923, living with his relatives, relying on Roy for financial support. Walt finishes work on the original "Alice" film, which is approved by Winkler and her husband Charles Mintz. Walt and Roy found the Disney Brothers Studio in 1923, hiring Iwerks and the other animators. Lillian Bounds is hired as an ink artist, Walt eventually falling love with her, and they marry in 1925. Roy also marries Edna. The "Alice Comedies" are produced, starring Virginia Davis, distributed by Mintz. Mintz, unconfident in Walt's abilities, sends his brother-in-law, George Winkler, to supervise the studio. It also becomes apparent that Mintz continues to own the rights to all of the studio's creations.

The "Alice Comedies" come to an end, and Walt and Iwerks create Oswald the Lucky Rabbit for Universal Studios. Guessing that the Disney brothers are running out of money, George begins talking with the animators, inviting them to join Mintz' new studio for better payment. Iwerks is the only one who refuses the offer. Walt and Lillian travel to New York, hoping to negotiate for a larger fee to make the Oswald shorts. Walt discovers a new contract would surrender all ownership of the Disney studios to Mintz, whose distributor Universal already owns the rights to Oswald, and learns his animators have left. Refusing to agree to the terms, Walt leaves Mintz and Oswald behind.

On the train back to Los Angeles, Walt is inspired to create a new character which he owns the rights to. He and Iwerks subsequently create Mickey Mouse. In 1928, Mickey's first short "Plane Crazy" is screened, and met with a round of applause. Walt, Roy, and Iwerks exit the theatre in celebration, Walt spotting the mouse from the Laugh-O-Gram Studio, reminding him of how far he has come. Insertions during the end credits detail the success Walt, Roy, Iwerks, and the other animators would go on to have in their own careers.

The majority of the filming took place in DeLand and Orlando, Florida. In an interview with the "Kansas City Star", director Khoa Le talked about the challenges of the project, having been hired at the last minute to direct and having little familiarity with Disney himself. He mentioned, '"I came from a short film background, indie stuff, so I knew how to work efficiently," Le said. "I'm an editor, too, so I was shooting to edit. For most scenes the actors got only two takes. I had to go back to my grassroots of guerrilla filmmaking."'

The song "Just a Wish" was written and recorded especially for the film. It appears at the end of the film and over the credits, sung by Julie Zorrilla, American Idol finalist and written by Andrew Capra, Rob Graves and Jeremy Rubolino. It was released as an iTunes and digital single August 12, 2015.

The film premiered at AMC Theatres Downtown Disney in Orlando and continued its nationwide release in AMC, Cobb, Harkins, Marcus, Logan, and other theatre chains.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film holds an approval rating of 17% based on 6 reviews, with an average rating of 2.87/10.

Cameron Meier of the "Orlando Weekly" gave the film one out of five stars. He praised the filmmakers' intentions, but criticized the production's rather low budget and execution, remarking, "...[the film is] conceived nobly but executed poorly by people who fell short of their dream." Scott Renshaw of the "Salt Lake City Weekly" gave the film one and a half stars, criticizing the creative team for "the decision to douse everything in a twinkly, romanticized tone that probably struck the filmmakers as apropos for Disney's life, but in fact loses all that was spiky and determined about the man". 

"Common Sense Media" gave the film two stars, remarking that, "Few visionaries are as fascinating as Walt Disney, so it's particularly frustrating that this drama is so uninspired. It seems more like an adaptation of a student's book report than a compelling look at one of the most influential men of the 20th century." Pop culture site "NukeTheFridge", which gave it an 8/10 rating, proclaimed, "Where this film does great at is the fact that it's relatable. Let's face it, most or none of us have our own billion dollar companies but the fact that Walt and his animators struggled financially and failed to have others believe in their dream, is something we can all relate to."




</doc>
<doc id="43861525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43861525" title="Ding Dong Williams">
Ding Dong Williams

Ding Dong Williams is a 1946 American comedy film directed by William Berke, and written by Brenda Weisberg and M. Coates Webster. The film stars Glen Vernon, Marcy McGuire, Felix Bressart, Anne Jeffreys and James Warren. The film was released on April 15, 1946, by RKO Pictures.

Hollywood's Sunrise Studios is producing a film about a heartbroken composer who creates a modern rhapsody. The head of the music department, Hugo Meyerhold (Felix Bressart), and his young secretary Angela Jones (Marcy McGuire), engage jive clarinetist Ding Dong Williams (Glen Vernon, billed under his real name of Glenn Vernon). Unfortunately Ding Dong's musical skills are limited to improvisation: he can't read or write music at all, and just plays music the way he feels at the moment. Angela spends the rest of the hour-long film trying various schemes to induce Ding Dong to play something sad and soulful, including a fake romance with the studio's cowboy star, but all of her attempts fail. Dressed down by the studio boss, and disillusioned by life in Hollywood, Ding Dong watches Meyerhold conducting an orchestral performance of Chopin's "Fantaisie Impromptu". At the rear of the recording stage, Ding Dong thoughtlessly begins to play in counterpoint to the orchestra. Angela sees this and has the director position a microphone above Ding Dong. The counterpoint melody is exactly what the studio boss wants, and all ends happily.


"Ding Dong Williams" was based on a series of stories by Richard English, published in "Collier's" magazine, chronicling the comic adventures of a young musician. The movie version was filmed in 1945 as a vehicle for one of RKO's promising juveniles, Glenn Vernon. The studio had cast Vernon opposite its resident rambunctious teenager, Marcy McGuire, in the B comedy "Sing Your Way Home", and saw possibilities of making Vernon and McGuire a movie team like Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland. The working title of the new picture was "Meet Ding Dong Williams", and the 62-minute B comedy was supposed to be the first in the series. Meanwhile, the studio had set the Leon Errol comedy "Riverboat Rhythm" as the next Vernon-McGuire picture. However, the temperamental McGuire saw the script and resented the size of her role. She voiced her objections to her bosses, insisting that she be cast in leading musical roles. RKO responded by dismissing McGuire and canceling any plans for a series. The studio allowed talk of the new team to fade into memory, and kept the unreleased "Ding Dong Williams" on the shelf. "Ding Dong Williams" was finally released in April 1946, to favorable reviews in "Motion Picture Herald", "Motion Picture Daily", and "Variety".


</doc>
<doc id="43862118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43862118" title="Those Endearing Young Charms (film)">
Those Endearing Young Charms (film)

Those Endearing Young Charms is a 1945 American comedy film directed by Lewis Allen and written by Edward Chodorov from his play of the same name and starring Robert Young, Laraine Day, Ann Harding, Bill Williams and Marc Cramer.

In 1945, after Helen Brandt (Laraine Day) and her mother (Ann Harding) moves from the small town of Ellsworth Falls to New York City, Helen finds a job as a perfume clerk at a department store while Mrs. Brandt works for the war relief effort. Jerry (Bill Williams), a boy just home from serving in France, likes Helen, but she only thinks of him as a "pal". His college buddy, USAAF Lieutenant Hank Travers (Robert Young) hears all about Helen, and worms his way onto a date that Jerry and Helen are on, asking Mrs. Brandt to go along. 

At the dance, when the band plays "Those Endearing Young Charms", her mother begins to cry, confiding in Helen that it reminds her of Jerry's father, who she loved and lost. After taking Helen and Mrs. Brandt home that night, Hank makes a play for Helen, but she sees he is a womanizer and sends him home. The next day, Hank calls Helen, and tells her he wants to see her before he is shipped out.

While she is attracted to Hank, Helen fears that he is insincere, but her mother says not to do what she had done, and lose her chance at love. On a drive out to the seashore, Hank tries once more to convince Helen he is serious about their relationship, even admitting that he had lied about being shipped out. 

Helen returns home, telling her mother she really is in love with Hank. When his two-day pass is suddenly cancelled, Mrs. Brandt tells her to go to him before he flies back to the front. At his airfield, the two young lovers reunite, minutes before Hank is to take off. Helen promises to wait for him.

Edward Chodorov's play, "Those Endearing Young Charms" had only lasted two months on Broadway, but Samuel Goldwyn paid $75,000 for the screen rights, intending to showcase young actress Teresa Wright with Dana Andrews as her co-star. When she was not available, Joan Fontaine was approached, but RKO bought the rights for a Laraine Day vehicle. RKO borrowed Robert Young from MGM to play alongside Day in her first leading role, with Lewis Allen borrowed from Paramount to direct. Other roles went to RKO contract players.

Principal photography on "Those Endearing Young Charms" took place from early January to-mid-February 1945.

"Those Endearing Young Charms" was released on June 19, 1945, by RKO Pictures and made a profit of $644,000.

"The New York Times" film critic Bosley Crowther in his review of "Those Endearing Young Charms", wrote, "... there's no point in passing critical judgment on an obviously artificial script, on slickly mechanical direction and performances in a make-believe style. The audience with which this writer saw the picture yesterday was made up, quite obviously, of shop-girls released for the Eisenhower parade. They seemed to love this tickling eyewash. So what's a fellow to say?"

In a recent review in "TV Guide", "Those Endearing Young Charms" was described as: "This light nonsense, based on a play, is over talkative and lacks sincerity. There are some moments of charm, but the unevenness of the cast works against the production, resulting in a hit-and-miss romantic comedy."



</doc>
<doc id="43862205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43862205" title="Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension">
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension

Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension is a 2015 American 3D found footage supernatural horror film directed by Gregory Plotkin in his directorial debut, and written by Jason Pagan, Andrew Stark, Adam Robitel, and Gavin Heffernan. Plotkin served as the editor for the second, third, fourth, and films. It is a direct sequel to "Paranormal Activity 4" (2012) and following the events of "Paranormal Activity 3" (2011), twenty-five years later, and the sixth installment in the "Paranormal Activity" series. The film was released on October 23, 2015. The film had grossed over $78 million worldwide on a $10 million budget. The film received negative reviews by critics for its plot, thrills, and cliches from the previous films. A seventh installment in the "Paranormal Activity" series is currently in development.

In 1988, Katie and Kristi watch as Dennis' spine is crushed by a mysterious force. Grandma Lois takes the girls upstairs while the entity takes the camera with them. A man speaks to the girls about "Tobi" and how they are important to his plan.

Twenty-five years later in 2013, Ryan Fleege, his wife Emily, and their six-year-old daughter Leila are about to celebrate Christmas, when Ryan's brother Mike moves in after breaking up with his girlfriend. Along with them is Skylar, who notices that Leila is talking to an imaginary friend named Tobi. Mike finds a box of old video tapes, dating from 1988 to 1992, and a very large video camera. The tapes show a young Kristi and Katie with their mother Julie and her boyfriend Dennis in 1988, while others from 1992 are in Lois's house where the two are practicing supernatural abilities with the mysterious man. Ryan and Mike notice that the girls are seemingly aware of the pair's presence: they are able to foresee Ryan and Mike's every action as the two simultaneously watch the video.

Leila's interactions with Tobi coincide with Ryan using the old camera around the house, where he notices the camera picks up spiritual beings. He decides to record overnight to see what weird things are occurring. One night, a black figure arises out of the ground and hovers over Leila for several hours, and she eventually talks to it. Soon, Skylar is attacked by the spirit. The next night, Ryan tapes Leila sleeping, but a demonic spirit appears and forces him to drop the camera. The following day, Ryan and Emily discover a slab of concrete in the ground with Katie, Kristi and the year 1987 etched into it, and realize their house is built on the same property that Katie and Kristi used to live in before it burned down in 1992. The grown-up Katie sold the house to the family, which was built by a coven of witches called The Midwives.

Leila gradually becomes less talkative and Ryan and Emily call Father Todd. Leila attacks Todd and he is convinced that 'Tobi' is a demon linked to the cult. Ryan researches the cult, and realizes they killed a family in Nevada related to a boy named Hunter, who was born on the same day as Leila. One of the tapes also shows Hunter in 1992, despite not being born until 2005. He learns that Leila's blood is needed to finish Tobi's transformation into a physical being. One night, Leila's interaction with Tobi leads her to open a doorway to another world into which she disappears. Ryan and Emily find her and flee with her to a hotel.

Father Todd attempts to cleanse the house and trap the demon but is strangled and dragged away by Tobi, leaving the family to finish the cleansing. Ryan entraps the demon in a white sheet soaked in holy water and finishes the prayer. Leila returns to normal and the demon disappears. After thinking the ordeal is over, Skylar starts to vomit blood all over Mike, but the blood burns him, killing them both. Leila flees, and Ryan and Emily chase her but Ryan is killed when a large arm impales him through his chest. Leila sprints into the "portal" in her room with Emily following; she arrives at Kristi and Katie's mother's house in 1992, where she finds a young Katie, and confronts the "human" version of Tobi. Emily pleads with the demon to spare Leila, but is killed; her body is tossed at the camera. Leila and "Tobi" walk off as the camera cuts, ending the film.

Leila turns back to normal. Four months later, the family begins to move to another house. Ryan finds a VHS tape of young Katie and Kristi, but decides to destroy the evidence to avoid bringing the demon back. Emily turns to find Leila with younger Katie and Kristi holding hands as she states: "Look, mommy, my friends are here!" The next scene, set some time later, shows a pregnant Emily at Leila's birthday party; Leila wishes for a baby brother, being Robbie from "Paranormal Activity 4". The man from the videos appears and picks up Leila as everyone celebrates. The film ends.


Industrial Light & Magic created the 3D visual effects, especially for the creation of the Toby demon.

A teaser trailer was released on June 22, and promotional stills were released afterwards. The official first trailer was released the following day at midnight.

The film was originally slated for October 25, 2013, and was then delayed to October 2014. On September 17, 2014, it was announced that the film would be subtitled "The Ghost Dimension", and that it was set to be released on March 13, 2015. On January 27, 2015, Paramount Pictures announced that it had pushed the release date back to October 23, 2015. The film was released in 3D and RealD 3D.

In July, Paramount announced that it had struck a deal with AMC Entertainment and Cineplex Entertainment to make "Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse" and "Ghost Dimension" available digitally, 17 days after they drop below 300 theaters, as part of a larger experiment, and asked other theaters to join in. In return, Paramount would share an undisclosed portion of proceeds of the VOD revenues. Per industry sources, Paramount is giving participating exhibitors an estimated 2-4% share of their digital revenue made between the time the film drops below 300 theaters and 90 days after its opening date. Those agreeing to Paramount's formula includes AMC, Canada's Cineplex, National Amusements and Alamo Drafthouse. But many circuits including Regal Cinema, Cinemark and Carmike have rejected Paramount's offer to release in VOD. This would mean that "Ghost Dimension" will only go out in roughly 1,350 North American theaters when opening on October 23—compared to 2,883 theaters for the last title and well north of 3,000 theaters for each of the previous three films. According to early pre-release tracking, the film was pacing to open to $10–12 million in the United States and Canada—despite the fact the film had the added benefit of 3D pricing, a first for the series—compared to $18.3 million for "". The reason why Paramount carried out this approach and experimented with these two younger demographic genre movies—which many believe to be a box office failure—was because of the theatrical failure of MGM's "Hot Tub Time Machine 2". Rob Moore, vice chairman of Paramount Pictures said, "There is no question that we are going to do less theatrically, but I believe we will make it up digitally. This is about the long-term health of the business, so there is not this long period of time when a consumer can't watch a movie."

The film was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on October 21, 2015.

, "Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension" has grossed $18.3 million in North America and $60.6 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $78.9 million, against a budget of $10 million, making it the poorest performing film in the series.

The film opened on October 23, 2015, alongside "The Last Witch Hunter", "Rock the Kasbah", and "Jem and the Holograms", as well as the expanded release of "Steve Jobs". In its opening weekend, the film had projected to gross $10–12 million from 1,656 theaters, however, some projections had it earning only in the high-single digits. The film made $500,000 from its early Thursday screenings and $3.3 million on its first day. In its opening weekend, the film grossed $8.1 million, finishing sixth at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 14% based on 75 reviews; the average rating is 3.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension" ties up some of the franchise's lingering questions, but six films into the series, the thrills are mostly gone." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 30 out of 100 based on 13 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "C" on an A+ to F scale.

On June 19, 2019, Paramount announced that a seventh installment is in development. In November 2019, it was announced that the film is set to be released on March 19, 2021.



</doc>
<doc id="43865553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43865553" title="The Iron Major">
The Iron Major

The Iron Major is a 1943 American biographical film about the famed college football coach and World War I hero, Frank Cavanaugh. Directed by Ray Enright, the screenplay was written by Aben Kandel and Warren Duff, based on Florence E. Cavanaugh's story.

Produced and directed by RKO Radio Pictures, the film premiered in Boston on October 25, 1943. The picture stars Pat O'Brien as Major Cavanaugh, along with Ruth Warrick and Robert Ryan.

Florence Cavanaugh and a priest, Tim Donovan, recall how in the 1890s, her husband Frank was playing college football for Dartmouth and then moved west to become a coach. "Cav" is introduced to Florence and eventually moves back east where he coaches at Holy Cross, where the football team's players include Tim.

Although he is father to seven children, Cav enlists in the war effort. A major, he is involved in heavy combat and seriously wounded, but recovers, gaining his nickname in the process. He ultimately returns home to continue coaching at Boston College, but an illness causes Cav to go blind, then ultimately claims his life.



</doc>
<doc id="43866076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43866076" title="Code of the Streets">
Code of the Streets

Code of the Streets is a 1939 Universal Studios film starring "The Little Tough Guys".

Convicted on circumstantial evidence, Tommy Shay (Paul Fix), a young product of the Front Street slums, is sentenced to die for the murder of police lieutenant Carson (Monte Montague). When Denver Collins (Marc Lawrence), Tommy's only alibi, mysteriously disappears, Tommy's younger brother Danny (James McCallion) and his gang of alley kids (The Little Tough Guys) determine to find a way to save Tommy from the electric chair. Lieutenant Lewis (Harry Carrey), Tommy's arresting officer, also believes that the boy is innocent and tries to get the case reopened. For his efforts, Lewis is demoted to patrolman, prompting his son Bob (Frankie Thomas), a radio bug with an ambition to become a detective, to initiate his own investigation by which he hopes to find the real murderer and reinstate his father.

While searching for Collins on Front Street, Bob meets Danny and after he fibs that his father is a gangster, the boys join forces to track down Carson's killer. Acting on a tip, Danny and Bob visit a gambling club operated by Chick Foster (Leon Ames) and warn Foster that the police have reopened the Carson murder case and are looking for Denver Collins. In response, Foster begins to act strangely, giving the boys a look at his henchman, Halstead, whom they suspect is Collins.

When the boys discover that Bob is really a cop's son, they beat him up but have a change of heart upon learning that Bob's father was arrested while trying to help Tommy. Joining forces once again, the boys locate Halstead's hideout and lure Foster to the spot with a phony telegram. Eavesdropping by means of a Dictaphone, they learn that Halstead is really Collins and that he was hired by Foster to kill Carson. Overcome with fear, Halstead demands that Foster pay him off, and in the ensuing argument, Foster kills Halstead and hurries back to his club. Refusing to give up, Bob follows Foster and, after connecting a microphone attached to a radio in Foster's office, broadcasts a fake news flash telling how Halstead made a full confession before his death. Attempting to escape, Foster hails a cab in the alley which has been commandeered by Danny and the gang. After the boys force a confession from Foster, Officer Lewis arrives to arrest the gambler, and all ends happily as Tommy is freed, Lewis is reinstated as lieutenant, and the kids decide to go straight.




</doc>
<doc id="43866447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43866447" title="Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (film)">
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (film)

Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (stylised as Pride + Prejudice + Zombies) is a 2016 historical action comedy horror film based on Seth Grahame-Smith's 2009 novel, "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies", which parodies the 1813 novel "Pride and Prejudice" by Jane Austen. The film is directed by Burr Steers, who wrote the adapted screenplay, and stars Lily James, Sam Riley, Jack Huston, Bella Heathcote, Douglas Booth, Matt Smith, Charles Dance, and Lena Headey. The film follows the general plot of Austen's original novel, with elements of zombie, horror and post-apocalyptic fiction incorporated.

Development of a film adaptation based on Grahame-Smith's novel began in 2009, with Natalie Portman attached to star and produce and Lionsgate to distribute. However, the film went through development hell, with budgetary disputes halting pre-production. Principal photography took place in South East England from September 24, 2014 until November 21.

"Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" premiered in Los Angeles on January 23, 2016 and was theatrically released by Screen Gems on February 5, 2016 in the United States, and by Lionsgate on February 11 in the United Kingdom. The film received generally mixed reviews from critics, with criticism for the tone, action and plot, but praise for the production values, acting and humor. It was a commercial failure, grossing just $16 million worldwide against a budget of $28 million.

Early 19th century England is besieged by zombies; the Bennet sisters—Elizabeth, Jane, Kitty, Lydia, and Mary—have all been trained in the art of weaponry and martial arts in China at their father's behest so they can defend themselves. Mrs. Bennet only wants to see her daughters married off to wealthy suitors. The Bennets attend a country dance also attended by newcomers Colonel Darcy, his good friend the amiable Charles Bingley and Bingley's snobbish sister Caroline. There, the young and handsome Bingley falls for lovely, sweet natured Jane. Charles Bingley has inherited £100,000 (£ million today)—attracting Mrs. Bennet's attention as a desirable suitor for her daughter. When zombies attack the ball, the Bennet sisters fight them off, and Colonel Darcy, a skilled zombie-killer, who was trained in Japanese martial arts – with property that pays him £10,000 annually (£ today) – is attracted to Elizabeth, although his behavior is outwardly aloof. During the ball, Darcy is disgusted to overhear Mrs Bennet's mercenary delight that Jane has attracted a rich man. On the way to the Bingleys' some days later, Jane is attacked by a zombie and catches a fever. Darcy orders her confined in fear that she may have been bitten, but her illness is not zombie-related and she recovers.

The Bennets are visited by a cousin, the overbearing Parson Collins, who, as the only surviving male heir in the family, will inherit the Bennet home upon Mr. Bennet's death. Collins proposes to Elizabeth but states that she must give up her life as a warrior, something she refuses to do. Elizabeth meets a charming soldier named George Wickham and arranges to meet him at another ball. She travels with him to a church that is filled with zombies who feed on pig brains instead of human brains, keeping their behaviour relatively normal. Wickham believes that with these new "civilised" zombies, humans can co-exist. He asks Elizabeth to elope but she backs off. Elizabeth learns that Darcy convinced the Bingleys to leave the county to keep Bingley away from Jane. When Darcy proposes to Elizabeth, having fallen in love with her despite his apparent coldness, she expresses outrage at his actions concerning Jane and fights him.

Darcy later writes Elizabeth a letter to apologize. He regrets that he separated Jane and Bingley, fearing that Jane only wanted to marry Bingley for his wealth. He also exposes Wickham's true nature. He and Wickham were childhood friends but Wickham may have murdered Darcy's father, squandered his inheritance, then tried to elicit additional money from Darcy's estate. When that failed, Wickham tried to elope with Darcy's young sister for her fortune. Elizabeth learns that Wickham has run off with Lydia and London has been overrun with zombies. Darcy saves Lydia and learns that Wickham is using the "civilized" zombies to create a zombie army, which has overrun London based on Wickham's plan to rule the country. He stops him by giving the zombies human brains, which turns them savage.

While fighting, Darcy stabs Wickham's chest, revealing him to have been undead all along, like the other supposedly tame zombies. Elizabeth saves Darcy from being killed by Wickham, who escapes. As the two ride across a bridge, the human army destroys it to keep the zombies from crossing over from London. Darcy is injured in the explosion and Elizabeth tearfully admits her love for him. After Darcy recovers, he proposes to Elizabeth again and this time she accepts. The two have a joint wedding with Bingley and Jane. In a mid-credits scene, Wickham leads a horde of zombies toward the wedding celebration with the Four Horsemen of the Zombie Apocalypse riding behind him.

The film is based on the 2009 novel of the same name, which was billed as having been co-written by Jane Austen and Seth Grahame-Smith. The project was first announced on December 10, 2009, in "Variety", when it was revealed that Natalie Portman would both star in the role of Elizabeth Bennet and produce, and that Lionsgate would finance and distribute. On December 14, David O. Russell was announced as the writer and director of the film. On October 5, 2010, it was revealed that Russell had left the production due to scheduling conflicts. Russell later revealed that he had disputes with Lionsgate over the budget. The next day, it was announced that Portman had quit the role of Elizabeth Bennet, though she would still produce the film. Following Russell's departure, Lionsgate offered Mike Newell and Matt Reeves the chance to take over from him, but both declined. On November 3, 2010, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Lionsgate had held meetings with Mike White, Neil Marshall and Jeffrey Blitz as potential directors. White was hired on November 5. On January 19, 2011, it was announced that White had had to leave the film due to scheduling conflicts with a pre-existing commitment at HBO.

In February 2011, Craig Gillespie took over as director. Gillespie revealed he was attracted to the project by the mashing of genres. In May 2011, screenwriter Marti Noxon was hired to rewrite Russell's script. On October 27, 2011, it was announced that Gillespie had left the film. The project then stalled until March 2013, when Panorama Media joined to produce, finance, and handle foreign sales. In May, it was announced that Burr Steers would take over as director. Steers did a rewrite of the script, saying that he had reinserted "all the "Pride and Prejudice" beats”. On September 23, 2014, Screen Gems picked up distribution rights in the United States, with Sierra/Affinity handling international distribution.

At one point, Lily Collins, Jennifer Aniston, and Rowan Atkinson were all attached to the project.

Principal photography began on September 24, 2014 at West Wycombe House & Park, Buckinghamshire. During the Halloween weekend, actors were spotted shooting some scenes at Hatfield House in Hertfordshire. In early November, crews were filming at Basing House in Old Basing. On November 13, filming shifted to Frensham in Surrey, where they shot until November 21.

The film's soundtrack was released digitally on February 5, 2016, and physically on February 12 by Varèse Sarabande. The soundtrack features the film's original score, composed and conducted by Fernando Velázquez.

On March 30, 2015, Screen Gems originally set the film a release date for February 19, 2016. However, on April 22, 2015, Screen Gems moved up the film's release date to February 5, 2016. The film was released by Lionsgate in the UK on February 11, 2016.

In October 2014, "Entertainment Weekly" published the first photo from the production. In July 2015, Lily James, Sam Riley, Bella Heathcote, Douglas Booth, Jack Huston, Matt Smith, Burr Steers and Seth Grahame-Smith appeared at a panel at Comic-Con to promote the film, where the first trailer debuted. On October 9, 2015, the UK teaser trailer and poster were released. On October 22, 2015, Screen Gems released the first official US trailer and poster. On November 26, 2015, Lionsgate UK released a full-length trailer and the film's first official English poster.

"Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray on May 31, 2016.

"Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" grossed $10.9 million in North America and $5.5 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $16.4 million, against a budget of $28 million.

The film was released in North America on February 5, 2016, alongside "Hail, Caesar!" and "The Choice". The film was projected to gross $10–12 million from 2,931 theaters in its opening weekend. It earned $300,000 from previews showing on Thursday night and $5.3 million in its opening weekend, finishing below expectations and 6th at the box office. In its third weekend it was pulled from 2,455 theaters (88%), the third biggest drop in history at the time.

The film received generally mixed reviews from critics, with criticism for the "inconsistent" tone, mediocre action sequences and unsatisfying plot, though many praised the production values, performances and humor. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 45% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 188 reviews, with an average rating of 5.41/10. The site's critics consensus reads: ""Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" manages to wring a few fun moments out of its premise, but never delivers the thoroughly kooky mashup its title suggests." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 45 out of 100 based on reviews from 34 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B−" on an A+ to F scale.

Rafer Guzmán of "Newsday" wrote positively about the film, giving the film three out of four stars, calling it "an unexpected and off-kilter treat, thanks to a BBC-quality cast and (un)deadpan humor." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film 2 out of 4 stars, commenting that "PP&Z is rated PG-13, so the zombie gore is decidedly decorous. But before repetition dulls the party, the movie gets in a few juicy innings." Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" gave the film two out of four stars saying "Compared with other Jane Austen movies, it isn't much, but compared with other zombie apocalypse movies, it's an intelligent, literate effort." Jesse Hassenger of The A.V. Club gave the film a C, commenting "That this particular retelling of the Jane Austen novel feels like a Cliffs Notes version is understandable; that its zombie bits are equally rudimentary, though, is more disappointing." Clark Collis of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a B, saying "If more inventive than scary, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies breathes fresh life into the hugely popular, but now desperately predictable, undead genre." Mark Kermode of "The Guardian" gave the film two out of five stars, saying "Yet torn between Austen and the undead, Steers seems unsure how straight to play either element, blunting comedy, horror and romance alike. The result lacks bite—the one element that zombies and Austen should have in common." Helen O'Hara of "The Daily Telegraph" also gave two out of five stars, saying "If it had been more elegant in its storytelling, it could have been a fun genre crossover, but the best efforts of Steers and his cast can’t turn the overstuffed book into a film that makes any real sense." Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" gave the film a mixed review, saying "Both pride and prejudice still play their parts, but now in service to one tediously repeated joke: the sight of a gentleman or a lady, together or alone, playing cards or ballroom dancing, fatally swarmed by devouring zombies."

Christy Lemire of RogerEbert.com gave the film one and a half out of four stars, saying "Like the novel "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies", the movie "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" is predicated on a simple, single gimmick: It’s "Pride and Prejudice" … with zombies. This is a vaguely amusing idea which somehow got stretched out to an entire book, which somehow became a best seller, which inevitably means it had to be made into a film." Keith Uhlich of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a negative review, calling the film "Lumbering, lifeless and—strange thing to say about a cadaver—almost entirely charmless." Lindsey Bahr of the Associated Press also gave a negative review, saying "This story might have been better suited to a television adaptation. The characters would have been allowed to breathe for a beat in that case. Here, the action and violence take up the space that would have generally been used for character development." Stephen Whitty of "New York Daily News" gave the film two out of 5 stars, saying "The hungry monsters in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies are looking for nice big brains. Well, they won't find any here." Stephanie Merry of "The Washington Post" gave the film one and a half stars out of four, commenting ""Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" delivers what its title promises: a little romance and some undead villains, plus a bit of comedy. But this overly busy riff on Austen's winning formula doesn't justify all the tinkering." Britton Peele of "The Dallas Morning News" gave the film a B−, calling the film "Fun, funny, gory and yet still strangely romantic."

Literary scholar and Austen professor Devoney Looser stated in "Entertainment Weekly" magazine her opinion that the film's first half, and especially Matt Smith's Mr. Collins, were comic, jarring, and enjoyable. She assessed the film overall with, "I laughed a lot and I shrieked. I was wavering between B+ and A−. I’m willing to bump it up for its originality and live with my grade-inflation reputation: A−." Entertainment Weekly reporter and horror fan Clark Collis did not rate the film quite as high: "I enjoy genre movies that attempt something different—and this does—but I didn't find it all that scary. I'd give it a 'B'".



</doc>
<doc id="43867012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43867012" title="Seven Days Ashore">
Seven Days Ashore

Seven Days Ashore is a 1944 American comedy film directed by John H. Auer and written by Edward Verdier, Irving Phillips and Lawrence Kimble. The film stars Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Marcy McGuire, Virginia Mayo, Elaine Shepard, Gordon Oliver, Amelita Ward and Dooley Wilson. The film was released on April 25, 1944, by RKO Pictures.

Dan Arland is a fun-loving playboy who has been away at sea in the Merchant Marine for several months. A pair of violinists in Dot Diamond's all-female band—Carol Dean and Lucy Banning—have no idea that Dan's been romancing both of them. Both end up waiting for him when his ship arrives in San Francisco for a 7-day leave. His actual girlfriend—Annabelle Rogers—finds out about Dan's being on shore leave, too.

Dan begins coming up with schemes to get out of his dilemma. First, he uses a hat with three names for his selection process, drawing Lucy’s name and throwing out Carol’s. Then he persuades a couple of shipmates, Monty Stephens and Orval Martin, to pose as millionaires and woo the two musicians. He pretends he is suffering from an old war wound and then asks Monty to take Lucy to the Indigo Club where her band is performing. He’s about to greet Carol but then bumps into his parents and Annabelle (Annabelle is staying at his parents’ home and they hope that their son reconciles with her). He sends Carol off to the club with Orval. There are lots of other situations causing complications and all the ladies figure out what he’s doing and so try to give him a taste of his own medicine, making him believe he's about to be served with a breach-of-contract lawsuit. The best way to avoid this is to get rid of Carol and Lucy and as such he tells Orval and Monty to pretend to be millionaires and romance the gold-digging violinists. But what he doesn’t know is that Annabelle has joined forces with Lucy and Carol to teach him a lesson. After a series of mixups (including the fact that Annabelle is engaged to Alfred Jones) Dan and Annabelle decide to get married before Dan's seven days ashore are up.



</doc>
<doc id="43867095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43867095" title="Deadpool (film)">
Deadpool (film)

Deadpool is a 2016 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. Distributed by 20th Century Fox, it is the eighth film in the "X-Men" film series and the first standalone "Deadpool" film. Directed by Tim Miller from a screenplay by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick, the film stars Ryan Reynolds as Wade Wilson / Deadpool alongside Morena Baccarin, Ed Skrein, T. J. Miller, Gina Carano and Brianna Hildebrand. In the film, Wilson—as the antihero Deadpool—hunts down the man who gave him mutant abilities and caused his scarred physical appearance.

Development of a Deadpool film starring Reynolds began in February 2004, before he went on to play the character in "" in 2009. Reese and Wernick were hired for a spinoff in 2010. They worked with Reynolds to adapt the character more faithfully (including his fourth wall breaking) after the portrayal in "Wolverine" was criticized for not doing so. Miller was hired in 2011 marking his directorial debut. An enthusiastic response to leaked test footage he created with Reynolds led to a green-light from Fox in 2014. Additional casting began in early 2015, and filming took place in Vancouver, Canada, from March to May of that year. Several vendors provided visual effects for the film, ranging from the addition of blood and gore to the creation of the CG character Colossus.

"Deadpool" was released in the United States on February 12, 2016, after an unconventional marketing campaign. The film achieved both financial and critical success. It earned over $782 million against a $58 million budget, becoming the ninth-highest-grossing film of 2016 and breaking numerous records, including highest-grossing "X-Men" film and R-rated film (until it was surpassed by its sequel). Critics praised Reynolds' performance, the film's style and faithfulness to the comics, and its action sequences. Some detractors criticized the plot as formulaic and were also divided on the film's adult humor. It received many awards and nominations, including two Critics' Choice Awards and two Golden Globe nominations. A sequel, "Deadpool 2", was released on May 18, 2018 to further critical and commercial success. Following the acquisition of Fox by Disney, a third film is in development at Marvel Studios.

Wade Wilson is a dishonorably discharged special forces operative working as a mercenary when he meets Vanessa, a prostitute. They become romantically involved, and a year later she accepts his marriage proposal. Wilson is diagnosed with terminal cancer, and leaves Vanessa without warning so she will not have to watch him die.

A mysterious recruiter approaches Wilson, offering an experimental cure for his cancer. He is taken to Ajax and Angel Dust, who inject him with a serum designed to awaken latent mutant genes. They subject Wilson to days of torture to induce stress and trigger any mutation he may have, without success. When Wilson discovers Ajax's real name is Francis and mocks him for it, Ajax leaves Wilson in a hyperbaric chamber that periodically takes him to the verge of asphyxiation over a weekend. This finally activates a superhuman healing ability that cures the cancer but leaves Wilson severely disfigured with burn-like scars over his entire body. He escapes from the chamber and attacks Ajax but relents when told that his disfigurement can be cured. Ajax subdues Wilson and leaves him for dead in the now-burning laboratory.

Wilson survives and seeks out Vanessa. He does not reveal to her he is alive fearing her reaction to his new appearance. After consulting with his best friend Weasel, Wilson decides to hunt down Ajax for the cure. He becomes a masked vigilante, adopting the name "Deadpool" (from Weasel picking him in a dead pool), and moves into the home of an elderly blind woman named Al. He questions and murders many of Ajax's men until one, the recruiter, reveals his whereabouts. Deadpool intercepts Ajax and a convoy of armed men on an expressway. He kills everyone but Ajax, and demands the cure from him but the X-Man Colossus and his trainee Negasonic Teenage Warhead interrupt him. Colossus wants Deadpool to mend his ways and join the X-Men. Taking advantage of this distraction, Ajax escapes. He goes to Weasel's bar where he learns of Vanessa.

Ajax kidnaps Vanessa and takes her to a decommissioned helicarrier in a scrapyard. Deadpool convinces Colossus and Negasonic to help him. They battle Angel Dust and several soldiers while Deadpool fights his way to Ajax. During the battle, Negasonic accidentally destroys the equipment stabilizing the helicarrier. Deadpool protects Vanessa from the collapsing ship, while Colossus carries Negasonic and Angel Dust to safety. Ajax attacks Deadpool again but is overpowered. He reveals there is no cure after all and, despite Colossus's pleading, Deadpool kills him. He promises to try to be more heroic moving forward. Though Vanessa is angry with Wilson for leaving her, she reconciles with him.


Stefan Kapičić provides the voice of Colossus, an X-Man with the mutant ability to transform his entire body into organic steel. Writer Rhett Reese called him "a great foil to Deadpool because he's very self-serious and goody-two-shoes". Director Miller changed the character drastically from his previous film appearances, where he was portrayed by Daniel Cudmore. Miller felt the Cudmore version, which he described as "[t]hat dude with the shiny skin", was "not fucking Colossus." He wanted the character to be seven-and-a-half feet tall. Andre Tricoteux stood in for a CG version of Colossus on set, and Kapičić was cast to give the character an "authentic Russian accent" like he has in the comics.

Leslie Uggams portrays Blind Al, an elderly blind woman and Deadpool's roommate. Uggams said that Al has "been through British Intelligence, she's done all kinds of wild and crazy things ... she's old, but she's feisty." Uggams added that Al has a "love/hate" relationship with Deadpool. Karan Soni appears as Dopinder, a taxi driver who befriends Deadpool, and Jed Rees portrays a recruiter for Ajax. X-Men co-creator Stan Lee and Deadpool co-creator Rob Liefeld make cameo appearances as a strip club emcee and a patron of Weasel's bar, respectively. Rob Hayter makes a cameo appearance as Bob, Agent of Hydra, a recurring character in the comics alongside Deadpool. The rights for Bob are owned by Marvel Studios. They did not give permission for him to be used in the film, so his comic history and connections to the Hydra organization are not referenced in the film. He is explained instead as a former special forces operative like Wilson. Hugh Jackman, who portrayed Wolverine in the "X-Men" film series, was very supportive of "Deadpool" and it making fun of himself and his character. He is seen in the film on a "People" magazine Sexiest Man Alive cover.

Artisan Entertainment announced a deal with Marvel Entertainment in May 2000 to co-produce, finance, and distribute several films based on Marvel Comics' characters, including Deadpool. By February 2004, writer and director David S. Goyer and Ryan Reynolds were working on a Deadpool film at New Line Cinema. They had worked together on the Marvel film "". Reynolds was interested in the part of Deadpool after learning that in the comics the character refers to his appearance as "Ryan Reynolds crossed with a Shar-Pei". New Line executive Jeff Katz, who thought Reynolds was the only actor suitable for the role, championed the idea. However, there were rights issues with 20th Century Fox and their "X-Men" films, and the project did not move forward.

By March 2005, Reynolds learned that Fox had expressed interest in a film featuring Deadpool. The character was set to make a cameo appearance in the 2009 film "", with Reynolds cast in the part. His role was expanded during the film's production. Katz was an executive at Fox at that point, and said that "Deadpool" was "nicely set up to be explored in his own way" in a future film. The film's portrayal deviates from the original comic character, "imbuing him with several superpowers and sewing his mouth shut". Deadpool apparently dies in the film, though a post-credits scene showing him still alive was added to the film shortly before its release. After the successful opening weekend of "Wolverine", Fox officially began development on "Deadpool", with Reynolds attached to star and "X-Men" producer Lauren Shuler Donner involved. The spinoff was set to ignore the "Wolverine" version of Deadpool and return to the character's roots with a slapstick tone and a "propensity to break the fourth wall".

Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick were hired to write the script in January 2010. Reynolds, who worked closely with them, said they were chosen because, "Tonally, they got it. They just [understood "Deadpool"] right off the bat." By that June, Robert Rodriguez had been asked to direct the film. He confirmed this a month later, saying he had been sent a "really good" script and was considering taking on the project. By October he was no longer interested in it, and Adam Berg was being looked at to direct the film. In April 2011, Tim Miller was hired after working on the visual effects for some of the "X-Men" films, in part because of his work creating animated short films. These included the Academy Award-winning "Gopher Broke" and a DC Universe Online trailer which was "epic and cinematic, everything [Fox wanted] their comic book movies to be". Miller would make his directorial debut with the film, while Reynolds closed a deal with Fox to produce the film.

Reynolds' "Green Lantern" superhero film was released later in 2011 and was "a disaster". This tainted the "Deadpool" project. Fox executives were already concerned about its R-rated content. After several meetings the studio agreed the film could not be reconfigured for a more traditional PG-13 rating, and gave Miller "a low-six-figure budget" to produce some test footage. He created the footage using CGI at his animation company Blur Studio in 2012, with Reynolds voicing Deadpool. The footage did not convince Fox to green-light the film. After the successful May release of Marvel Studios's "The Avengers", Reese and Wernick thought "Deadpool" might be approved as an already developed superhero film. Fox was actually even more doubtful about the script, however, and began exploring ways to include Deadpool in an "Avengers"-esque team-up film. At different times during development, James Cameron and David Fincher, both friends of Miller, read the film's script and championed the project to Fox executives.
The test footage was leaked online in July 2014, and was met with an overwhelmingly enthusiastic response. That September, Fox gave "Deadpool" a release date of February 12, 2016. Production was set to begin in March 2015, with Simon Kinberg joining as producer. Reynolds attributed Fox's green-lighting of the film entirely to the leak. He, Miller and the writers had previously discussed leaking the footage themselves, and Reynolds initially thought that Miller had done so. He later believed the leak came from someone at Fox. In exchange for being able to make the film the way they wanted, Fox gave the crew a much smaller budget than is typical for superhero films.

Reese and Wernick wrote a draft of the script each year before completing the film, with around 70 percent of the first draft ending up in the final film. Reese described Reynolds as "the keeper of the Deadpool flame for many years ... if we ever do something that is off the Deadpool path, or if it doesn't feel like Deadpool, he catches it." The writers did not want the film to be an origin story, but Reynolds disagreed. They settled on a "modern" Deadpool story as well as the origin story connected by Deadpool's narration and fourth wall breaking. This helped to balance the darker origin story with the cartoon-like Deadpool scenes. It also allowed the opening fight sequence to be extended through the first half of the film (with the origin story told throughout), saving money on additional fight scenes. This fight sequence labeled the "Twelve Bullets Fight" reimagines the original test footage. Once the origin story is told, Deadpool uses a "fast-forward button" to return the audience to the present day.

In October 2014, Kinberg confirmed that "Deadpool" would be set in the same shared universe as the "X-Men" films, but would "stand independently". The writers wanted a traditional X-Man in the film as a foil to Deadpool and felt Colossus was a character who had not been explored much in previous films. Miller wanted "more superhero stuff", instead of "just Deadpool and a lot of guns". The character Negasonic Teenage Warhead was added as a trainee X-Man mentored by Colossus. She was chosen for her name from the list of comic characters available for use by Fox. The characters Garrison Kane, Wyre, and Sluggo were included in the script at one point, but ultimately removed for budgetary reasons. Cannonball and Tar Baby were also considered. These villains were replaced by a single character, Angel Dust. The Cable character was also set to appear, but was eventually pushed to a potential sequel so this film could "get Deadpool on his feet" first.

The writers worked to keep the script's pop-culture references up-to-date throughout its development. Kinberg confirmed the film would make fun of Deadpool's portrayal in "X-Men Origins: Wolverine". It also includes jokes at the expense of "Green Lantern". While Miller felt it was okay for audience members not to understand all of the film's jokes, he wanted to avoid anything targeted specifically at comic fans. He was not in favor of any joke the audience "needs to look up on the internet" after the movie ends. The film's post-credits scene is a parody of the equivalent scene from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986), where the title character of that film breaks the fourth wall like Deadpool. In the parody scene, Deadpool wears a bath robe and tells the audience to go home. He also confirms that Cable will appear in the sequel. After reading the scene, a Fox executive described the film as a combination of "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and "Natural Born Killers" (1994), a description the writers felt was accurate.
48 hours before the film received the official green-light from Fox, the studio cut its budget by $7–$8 million, down to $58 million. This forced a last minute re-write that saw about nine pages cut from the 110-page script. Changes included the removal of a motorcycle chase at the end of the Twelve Bullets Fight and having Deadpool forget his bag of guns before the final battle sequence to avoid having to shoot a costly gun fight in the third act. Reese said, "It was that last, lean and mean chop that got us to a place where Fox was willing to make it. The script was very efficient and not too long. That was a function of budget more than anything, but I think it really made the movie pace nicely."

In January 2015, T.J. Miller and Ed Skrein were in talks to appear in the film, Miller as "an additional comic voice" and Skrein as a villain. A month later, Fox was testing actresses to portray the female lead, including Morena Baccarin, Taylor Schilling, Crystal Reed, Rebecca Rittenhouse, Sarah Greene and Jessica De Gouw. Gina Carano was cast as Angel Dust, and Miller was confirmed for an unspecified role. Baccarin was cast as Deadpool's love interest before the end of February. Colossus actor Daniel Cudmore said he would not be reprising the role for "Deadpool", and declined an offer to provide reference for a CG version of the character to be voiced by another actor.

An immediate focus during pre-production was Deadpool's suit. Russ Shinkle and Film Illusions were hired to create the costume. Shinkle noted that "comic book art is fairly over the top in terms of physique", and he tried to balance that with reality. Reynolds did not wear a muscle suit under the costume, which Tim Miller felt gave it a slimmer, "quintessential Deadpool" look. Miller and Reynolds wept when they saw the completed costume. Reynolds explained, "we fought like hell ... to make this the most faithful comic book to movie adaptation fans have ever seen. That's hard to accomplish and a feat, but we're just so happy with how this came out." The costume was designed with the film's stunts in mind. The mask's eye areas were removable so versions of the eyes better suited for the stunts could be used without having to change the whole mask. The suit was difficult for the visual effects team to replicate with CGI. Visual effects supervisor Jonathan Rothbart blamed this on the suit's fabric. He described it as mesh that allowed dirt to "get into the gutters and the cracks ... [so when] the light hits it, it still takes that orangey hue but as soon as it goes in the shadow it dropped to this more blueish of the dirt." Film Illusions made six hero versions of the costume and twelve stunt-specific versions, along with three hero versions of Negasonic Teenage Warhead's costume.

Miller wanted Deadpool's scarred appearance to make him appear "fucking horrible" to justify his anger. Makeup designer Bill Corso had some leeway because in the comics "he's everything from a rotten corpse to a guy with a couple of lines on his face". Corso acknowledged the script's description of the character as "disfigured" but also wanted him to be "kind of charming and iconic". He wanted to avoid comparisons with Freddy Krueger and looked to "Sin City" (2005) for inspiration. The final makeup required nine silicone prosthetics to cover Reynolds' head, which took several hours to apply. For the scene where the character is naked, it took six hours to apply Reynolds' full-body makeup. Corso described the makeup for the rest of the film's characters as "pretty simple. Tim wanted to keep it really grounded."

Principal photography began on March 23, 2015, in Vancouver, Canada, under the working title "Wham!". Filming took place at North Shore Studios and on location around the city. The production hired over 2,000 locals as actors, extras and crew members. T. J. Miller and Baccarin were revealed to be playing Weasel and Vanessa, respectively. Skrein confirmed he was in the film, playing Ajax. Newcomer Brianna Hildebrand was cast as Negasonic Teenage Warhead.

Tim Miller and cinematographer Ken Seng wanted the film to look "grittier and less clean and glossy" than other superhero films. They decided to shoot with digital cameras but add film grain in post-production to give the images texture. Seng used Super Baltar lenses and Cooke zooms for the origin story timeline, and Panavision Primo lenses for the Deadpool scenes which gave them more clarity. The film's exterior scenes have a consistent overcast look, but location shooting came with "unpredictable" weather. For instance, the production had use of the Georgia Viaduct for two weeks and shot rain or shine before their permit expired. Seng used more lighting on cloudy days and less on sunny days to keep a consistent look. Production designer Sean Haworth, who had specific ideas for the sets, also worked closely with Miller. The production had to be very specific about which elements of each set were constructed to conserve the budget for visual effects. For the final scrapyard scene, garbage was built to a certain height to be extended with CGI. A gimbal was used for a tilting section of the yard that had to interact with many digital elements. The final sequence was filmed in a naval yard dressed with scrap metal. Rubber casts of the metal were made for stunts.
When Fox was unwilling to pay Reese and Wernick to be on set every day, Reynolds paid their salaries. The writers had scripted the action very specifically, "every kill and almost down to every punch, kick, or shot", but Tim Miller and the stunt coordinators were free to change this. Robert Alonzo and Philip J. Silvera were the film's stunt coordinators; Silvera had provided motion capture reference for the test footage. The stunt team had a month before filming began to prepare the actors. Skrein worked "nonstop" to prepare. Silvera said Reynolds "has a photographic memory; he'd do something three or four times and remember it very well." A lot of the film's jokes were improvised on set, particularly by Reynolds. He said the actors often came up with around 15 alternate jokes for each one in the script, and were generally only limited to those because of time constraints. For example, Reese said Wernick had written some jokes for the scene where Deadpool visits Colossus and Negasonic. Instead Reynolds improvised the line on set, "You know it's funny how I only see the two of you here. It's like the studio couldn't afford any more X-Men." This was based in truth and became then Fox chairman Jim Gianopulos' favorite line. Filming ended on May 29.

Leslie Uggams said that she was in the film in July 2015, portraying Blind Al. Tim Miller stated that Jed Rees portrays "The Recruiter", and "did a good job of being creepy and syrupy sweet". Miller explained that Colossus would be a solely CGI creation in the film, with Andre Tricoteux cast to provide motion reference on set for the role along with the voice. In December, the voice of Colossus was recast, with Stefan Kapičić taking over the role. He completed his work eight weeks before the film was scheduled for release.

As soon as editor Julian Clarke began selecting shots for the film, they were color graded by EFILM's Tim Stipan to ensure they all matched. Stipan colored the characters slightly differently. He gave Deadpool a "dark, modern touch" and Colossus a "particular vibrancy and substance". Clarke edited each scene focusing on humor, choosing between alternate takes of jokes. He removed jokes made after Vanessa is kidnapped because they felt inappropriately timed. He cut down other scenes with fewer jokes, such as Wilson being tortured, as they were "too much". It would take the audience "too long to recover [and] get back in the irreverent spirit of the movie." During editing, a linear version of the film was produced. Clarke decided to go with interweaving the timelines to balance the different serious and silly tones.

One sequence removed from the film saw Wilson and Vanessa travel to Mexico looking for a cure after he turned down the recruiter. It was removed for pacing reasons and replaced with a short scene of Wilson sitting beside his window that was originally filmed to show him thinking about his diagnosis. In its new context the scene implies him re-thinking the recruiter's offer.

Because of the animation required for Deadpool's mask and Colossus, Reese and Wernick had more freedom than usual to keep adjusting the script during post-production. Reynolds recorded new dialogue using his iPhone, and then re-recorded the lines in an additional dialogue recording session once the film was finalized. Lines added after filming included Reynolds doing an impression of "Wolverine" star Hugh Jackman's natural Australian accent, and another where Deadpool asks whether the character Professor X is being portrayed by James McAvoy or Patrick Stewart at that point in the "X-Men" timeline. This became a favorite line in the film for many audience members.

Digital Domain (DD), Atomic Fiction, Blur Studio, Weta Digital, Rodeo FX and Luma Pictures produced "Deadpool"s visual effects. Reynolds credited Miller and his visual effects experience with producing a film that looked like others made with bigger budgets. Motion capture supervisor Greg LaSalle agreed, noting that Miller held off working on the CGI for Colossus until after the film was edited to avoid spending money on shots that would not be used. Miller worked with visual effects supervisor Jonathan Rothbart to design and complete the film's 1500 effects shots—700 more than originally planned. 800 of them were completed in the last four weeks of production.
Colossus's movements were re-recorded with performer T.J. Storm, as Tricoteux had been unable to move athletically because of the platform shoes he wore on set to replicate the character's height. LaSalle was used for his facial performance. DD then mapped these performances onto a digital model that was designed to be comic-accurate. The team sought specific reference for Colossus's metallic finish to avoid looking "chromey", visiting a metal company to look at samples. They settled on cold rolled steel, with the darker hot rolled steel used for his hair. The model also includes ridges which could be moved separately to keep them perfectly straight as in the comic books. DD also created the model of Deadpool that was used by all the FX vendors. His mask was animated around the eyes to be expressive as in the comics. This helped balance out the "chinwag" coming through the bottom of the mask as Reynolds acted. Fully replacing Deadpool's head was going to be too costly, so Weta Digital warped each shot based on facial references from Reynolds and adjusted the lighting to reflect the changes instead. This was called an "ingenious 2D-ish solution".

Atomic Fiction created a freeway environment for the Twelve Bullets Fight, with a backdrop based on Detroit, Chicago, and Vancouver. They also created the vehicles used in the sequence. These assets were used by Blur for the opening titles, which move through a frozen moment where Deadpool is fighting thugs inside a crashing car. The amusing titles include "Directed by an overpaid tool" and "Produced by asshats". Reynolds, Miller, and the writers came up with their own credits hoping to set the tone for the film.

Luma contributed the film's blood and gore using practical footage as well as digital effects for more complex scenes. When Deadpool cuts off his own hand, DD did not want to be "outdone" by Luma and had "buckets of blood pouring out". Luma created the regrowing hand, inspired by the hand of a fetus. When Deadpool breaks both his hands, DD went through 20 or 30 different versions of what broken fingers could look like. For Deadpool's initial scarring from the warehouse fire, Rodeo FX referenced rotting fruit and maggot-eaten meat. The company added a CG penis to Reynolds in this sequence, which visual effects supervisor Wayne Brinton said, "you don't even notice [but] when it wasn't there it looked really weird". Rodeo also augmented the practical fire in the scene.

The vendors all collaborated for the final battle sequence, which takes place in the wreckage of a helicarrier. Luma created the climactic fight between Deadpool and Ajax; DD created most of the Colossus effects until he is damaged when Blur Studio took over; DD created the effects for Negasonic Teenage Warhead's abilities as well as expanding the helicarrier's deck; Rodeo contributed matte paintings for the background; and Weta provided the facial animation for Deadpool. Negasonic's abilities were the only "supernatural effect-sy thing" in the film, and were based on fuel-air explosives and solar flares to try to ground them in reality. Setting the final sequence on the wrecked helicarrier was Miller's idea. This helped to expand the scope of the third act and include more connections to the comics and the wider Marvel Universe. To avoid rights issues with Marvel Studios, the helicarrier for "Deadpool" was designed to be "as different as possible from the one in "The Avengers"". Additionally, a French animation artist with a "unique style" created 2D cartoon characters that dance around Deadpool after he is stabbed in the head during the fight.

Tom Holkenborg announced in October 2015 that he would compose the score for "Deadpool". Noting that Deadpool only makes pre-1990 musical references, Holkenborg decided to use sounds from the 1980s in the movie's main theme, such as those of an Oberheim and a Synclavier . Several songs were written in to Reese and Wernick's script to be used in the film. Some of these ultimately did not work as intended. For example, the sex montage with Wilson and Vanessa was to play out to Frank Sinatra's version of "It Was a Very Good Year" in the script, but this was changed to Neil Sedaka's "Calendar Girl" during editing. A soundtrack album featuring Holkenborg's score and the songs heard in the film was released digitally on February 12, 2016, and physically on March 4 through Milan Records.

Due to the film's limited marketing budget, Reynolds worked closely with Fox's marketing chief Marc Weinstock to use the Internet to their advantage and come up with cheaper, "Deadpool-based" ways to market the film. This included unique trailers, unconventional billboards, promotional tie-ins with Super Bowl 50 and Viacom, and an extensive social media presence. Reynolds kept one of the Deadpool costumes for himself, and appeared in it throughout the marketing campaign. Visual effects vendor Image Engine animated Deadpool's mask for these appearances, using a process similar to that used by Weta Digital for the film. Emma Grey Ellis at Wired.com described the campaign as "crazy and unrelenting" with Deadpool waging a "marketing siege of every platform you would think of". Bobby Anhalt at Screen Rant called it possibly "the best film marketing campaign in the history of cinema". HostGator's Jeremy Jensen attributed the campaign's success to Reynolds, and to Fox for embracing the film's R rating.

"Deadpool"s world premiere was held at the Grand Rex in Paris on February 8, 2016, before its initial theatrical release in Hong Kong the next day. This was followed by releases in 49 other markets over the next few days, including the United States on February 12. The movie was released in several formats, including IMAX, DLP, premium large formats, and D-Box.

Kinberg explained that unlike the previous "X-Men" films, "Deadpool" is "a hard R. It's graphic. Nothing is taboo. You either commit to a truly outrageous boundary-pushing kind of movie or you don't." China forbade the film's release because of this. Though R-rated American films are often "cleaned up" for release there, it was decided that doing so was impossible without affecting the plot. It was not released in Uzbekistan after theater owners in the country decided against showing the film because of its age restriction and how it violated the country's societal norms. "Deadpool" received seven "general cuts" to obtain approval for release in India. Despite being blocked in China during this initial release, "Deadpool" eventually premiered in the country during the 2018 Beijing International Film Festival, which ran over a week from April 15–22. The original version of the film played at the festival without any edits being made specifically for Chinese censors.

"Deadpool" was released for digital download on April 26, 2016, moved up from the physical home media release, which came on May 10. The latter release, for Blu-ray and DVD, included behind-the-scenes featurettes, deleted scenes, a blooper reel, and two audio commentaries: one by Tim Miller and Deadpool co-creator Rob Liefeld, and another by Reynolds, Reese, and Wernick. On November 7, Fox re-released the film and its special features on Blu-ray for the holiday season, as "Deadpool's Holiday Blu-ray package". The film was re-released again in April 2018 in a "Deadpool" Two Year Anniversary Edition Blu-ray package, with collectible covers as well as "stickers, car decals, temporary tattoos and a set of paper dolls". A 4K UHD Steelbook version was also released exclusively through Best Buy featuring original artwork.

"Deadpool" grossed $363.1 million in the United States and Canada and $420 million in other countries for a worldwide total of $783.1 million, against a budget of $58 million. It broke numerous records with its opening weekend gross across the world, and went on to become the highest-grossing R-rated film and the highest-grossing "X-Men" film, as well as the ninth-highest-grossing film of 2016. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $322 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues for the film, making it the second-most profitable release of 2016. When discussing potential reasons for the film's surprise success, the site highlighted its marketing campaign.

At the end of January 2016, the film was projected to earn $55–60 million over its opening weekend in the United States and Canada. Fox's rivals projected the film to earn closer to $80 million. It ultimately opened at No. 1, making $132.4 million for the weekend, and $152.2 million over the long Presidents' Day weekend. Trying to explain this surprise, Fox's domestic distribution chief Chris Aronson said "it's hard to comp and predict. You're doing something that's never been done. It's like you throw the rulebook out the window." The weekend included $12.7 million from Thursday preview showings on February 11, $47.5 million on its opening day, $42.5 million on February 13, and $42.6 million on February 14, as well as $19.8 million on February 15 to end the long weekend. These were all day-of-the-week records for R-rated films and days in February for Thursday through Monday. $16.8 million of this came from IMAX screens, a record opening weekend for R-rated films and February releases in that format. "Deadpool" earned an additional $55 million in its second weekend. This kept it at No. 1, and made it the fastest R-rated film to cross $200 million, doing so in nine days. It became the highest-grossing "X-Men" film and R-rated comic book superhero film the next day. It remained in the No. 1 position for its third week, but fell behind "Zootopia" and "London Has Fallen" the following week. "Deadpool"s domestic run ended on June 17, after 126 days, with $363.1 million. This was shortly after it became the highest-grossing R-rated film worldwide. The film's U.S. audience, across its whole run, was 59% Caucasian, 21% Hispanic, 12% African-American, and 8% Asian. It was also 62% male, and had an average age of 35.

The film was released in 80 markets around the world, many of them in its first week. This included the United Kingdom, France, and Australia on its first day, February 9, where it was the No. 1 film and broke several records. The film also opened well in Asian countries, notably Taiwan—where Reynolds had traveled for promotion and made the "central hub" of South East Asia for the film—and Hong Kong, where the film had the biggest Chinese New Year single day ever. It went on to gross $132.2 million for its international opening weekend, which included $9 million from IMAX showings breaking opening weekend records for February releases and R-rated films in that format in several markets. It was the No. 1 film in all markets where it was released over the weekend, except Poland and Malaysia where it was No. 2 behind local films "Planet Single" and "The Mermaid", respectively. The film broke the record for biggest opening weekend in Russia and Thailand, and set records for biggest R-rated film and February opening weekends in several other markets. It remained No. 1 for the international box office in its second weekend, making an additional $84.7 million from 77 markets. The film made No. 1 debuts in 17 new countries, including Korea, Spain, and Italy, and maintained its No. 1 position in countries like the UK, Germany, and Brazil. Its South East Asia performance was compared favorably to bigger superhero films like "Guardians of the Galaxy" and "" (both 2014). "Deadpool" was No. 1 for a third consecutive weekend, before falling to No. 3 behind "Ip Man 3" and "Zootopia" in its fourth. "Deadpool" opened in its final market, Japan, in June, and was the No. 1 film there, with a $6.5 million opening weekend.

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 85% based on 336 reviews, with an average rating of 7.03/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Fast, funny, and gleefully profane, the fourth-wall-busting "Deadpool" subverts superhero film formula with wildly entertaining—and decidedly non-family-friendly—results." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 65 out of 100, based on 49 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale. PostTrak reported an average positive score of 97%, with 45% of filmgoers saying the film exceeded their expectations.

Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" scored "Deadpool" three-and-a-half out of four, calling it a "voraciously self-aware comedy" and the first R-rated Marvel film "with real teeth". He praised the film's attitude and tone, Reynolds for making Deadpool a likeable character and the film's action scenes. "TheWrap"s Alonso Duralde said "Deadpool" "shouldn't work, but it absolutely does", feeling that it successfully balanced comedy with superhero action, and that the chemistry between Reynolds and Baccarin gave enough weight to the plot to support the tone and violence. Calvin Wilson at the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" also gave the film three-and-a-half out of four, saying it was "smart, sexy, and outrageous", but that it would not work without Reynolds. "The Guardian"s Peter Bradshaw gave the film four out of five calling it "neurotic and needy—and very entertaining", comparing it to "Kick-Ass" (2010) and "Kill Bill" (2003). He did feel the film's villains were underused. Writing for Uproxx, Drew McWeeny described it as "the world's most violent and vulgar Bugs Bunny cartoon", and praised the film's unconventional plot structure, its personal stakes, the difference in tone and storytelling from other superhero films, and the cast. "Variety"s Justin Chang said the film is "terribly arch and juvenile [but] also startlingly effective", praising Reynolds' performance (and the film's willingness to hide his looks under prosthetics), the script, and director Miller for staying "out of the way of his script and his star". Todd McCarthy at "The Hollywood Reporter" felt the film took a while to get going, "but once it does, "Deadpool" drops trou to reveal itself as a really raunchy, very dirty and pretty funny goof on the entire superhero ethos".

"Rolling Stone"s Peter Travers said the film "goes on too long and repetition dulls its initial cleverness", but the "junky feel is part of its charm". He praised the cast, particularly Reynolds as well as Tim Miller's action sequences. At "The Boston Globe", Tom Russo gave the film three stars. He criticized the "featherweight" plot, but said that there is enough humor to support it, and that Reynolds was "born to play" Deadpool. Chris Nashawaty graded the film a 'B' for "Entertainment Weekly", saying it "doesn't have the most adrenalized action sequences or the deepest origin story" but makes up for that with R-rated fun. Nashawaty felt Reynolds was the perfect star for the film and is "a blast of laughing gas in a genre that tends to take itself way too seriously". Tasha Robinson at "The Verge" felt there was too much juvenile humor. She noted the film did not make homophobic, racist, or sexist jokes, and that its overall tone remained joyous despite the material. David Edelstein of "Vulture" said the film's jokes save it from a lack of subtext and strong villains and noted the "gratifyingly twisty" structure. Manohla Dargis at "The New York Times" was not impressed with the listing of the film's genre cliches in the opening credits before they were used. She highlighted the "human" elements in the film and the moments where Reynolds and Tim Miller did "more than hit the same bombastic notes over and over again". IndieWires Kate Erbland gave the film a 'B-', praising its style, and Reynolds' Deadpool for breaking the superhero mold, but criticizing the overall film for following genre conventions and focusing on "numbing" violence and un-original swearing and nudity.

Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Kenneth Turan said that "Deadpool" "gets off to a fun start" but the character "eventually wears out his welcome". He noted that though the film has a complicated narrative, it is masking a conventional Marvel origin story. Turan did highlight the film's romantic element and Baccarin's performance. Jonathon Pile of "Empire" gave the film three out of five, saying the number of jokes "will soon numb you to their impact" He called the film a fun alternative to other superhero films. Robbie Collin at "The Daily Telegraph" also gave the film three out of five, saying it is not "the future of superhero movies" calling it "an enjoyably obnoxious detour". He felt some of the film's jokes about superhero cliches were out of date by the time the film was released. "The San Francisco Chronicle"s Mick LaSalle did not appreciate the humor, fourth wall breaking, or violence. He concluded the film is "bad, borderline garbage, but disturbing, too, in that it's just the kind of fake-clever awfulness that might be cinema's future".

"Deadpool" has received many awards and nominations, recognizing the film as a whole, as well as: the cast's performance, particularly Reynolds as Deadpool; several technical areas, including the film's makeup, sound, and visual effects; and the film's unconventional marketing campaign. It was nominated for two Golden Globe Awards, four Critics' Choice Movie Awards (winning two), a Directors Guild of America Award, five Empire Awards, seven Golden Trailer Awards (winning two), a Hugo Award, two Key Art Awards for marketing (winning both), eight MTV Movie Awards (winning two), a Producers Guild of America Award, four People's Choice Awards (winning two), three Saturn Awards (winning one), six Teen Choice Awards (winning two) and a Writers Guild of America Award.

After being nominated for awards such as the Golden Globes, Critics' Choice, and Writers Guild of America, "Deadpool" was considered a serious contender by commentators for several Academy Awards, despite its content and tone. This included potential nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Makeup and Hairstyling, and after its Producers Guild of America nomination, Best Picture. When the film did not receive any Academy Award nominations, it was widely considered to have been "snubbed". Analyzing potential reasons for this, Screen Rant's Alex Leadbeater said that while the film "earned a solid thumbs up from most", it was generally not praised by top critics for offering any "depth or related subversion of its genre". He also noted an apparent bias that Academy voters have against superhero films; the lack of a targeted campaign for the awards by Fox, who did not seem to be expecting any of the film's previous awards either; and the number of other films in contention, as "2016 was, all in all, a pretty good year for movies". A variant cover for Marvel Comics' "X-Men Gold" #1, with art by Ron Lim and released in April 2017, references "Deadpool"s Oscar snub.

Before "Deadpool"s success, R-rated, comic-based films considered successful were "300" (2006) and "Watchmen" (2009), which earned about half the opening weekend gross of successful PG-13 superhero films. "Kick-Ass", a film tonally similar to "Deadpool", made even less with a $19.8 million opening. Many reasons were given why "Deadpool" went on to be more successful than these, including the popularity of the Marvel brand and Reynolds' performance. Tom Huddleston, Jr. wrote for "Fortune" that "Deadpool" was proof to Hollywood that R-rated films can be as successful as PG-13 films, "particularly when fans see the rating itself as validation that the film is true to its source material".

A Hollywood executive, not involved with the film, felt it succeeded because it "has a self-deprecating tone that's riotous. It's never been done before. It's poking fun at Marvel. That label takes itself so seriously; can you imagine them making fun of themselves in a movie?" James Gunn, director of Marvel's "Guardians of the Galaxy", rejected this saying "Deadpool" was a success because "it's original, it's damn good ... and it wasn't afraid to take risks". Gunn hoped studios would learn "the right lesson" from the film and not just try to make more films like "Deadpool". After Fox's "Logan" (2017) also became a success, "Forbes" Paul Tassi reiterated Gunn's sentiments, saying the rating was "appropriate given the 'adult' nature of these two heroes", but "too much stock is being put into unrestrained violence rather than people examining what actually makes these movies work". Graeme McMillan of "The Hollywood Reporter" concurred, adding, "Why not take the freedom that comes from that rating and try to re-approach the mainstream genre with that attitude?"

In March 2017, a Warner Bros. executive said that an R-rated DC Extended Universe film could "absolutely" happen, while Sony Pictures began developing an R-rated adaptation of the character Venom with a smaller budget, inspired by Fox's success with "Deadpool" and "Logan" (even though "Venom" was released under the PG-13 rating). In June, Kevin Feige said in response to the successes that, though Marvel Studios was not planning any R-rated films for its Marvel Cinematic Universe, "it's not out of the question". After the proposed acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney was announced in December 2017, Disney CEO Bob Iger said that the company would be willing to make future R-rated Marvel films like "Deadpool", potentially under a "Marvel-R" brand, "as long as we let the audiences know what's coming".

Before "Deadpool"s release, Fox green-lit a sequel with Reese and Wernick returning to write the screenplay. The involvement of Reynolds and Tim Miller was confirmed at the 2016 CinemaCon in April, but Miller left the film at the end of October over "mutual creative differences" with Reynolds. The next month, David Leitch signed on to direct the sequel. Leitch first made a short film, "No Good Deed", which was written by Reese and Wernick. "Deadpool 2" was released on May 18, 2018, with Baccarin, T. J. Miller, Uggams, Hildebrand, and Kapičić all returning. Josh Brolin joined them as Cable, who is a member of X-Force alongside Deadpool.

In March 2017, Reese said that a future film focused on X-Force would be separate from "Deadpool 3", "so I think we'll be able to take two paths. ["X-Force"] is where we're launching something bigger, but then ["Deadpool 3" is] where we're contracting and staying personal and small." After the acquisition of Fox by Disney was announced in December 2017 and completed in March 2019, Bob Iger said that Deadpool and other Marvel properties at Fox would be integrated with the Marvel Cinematic Universe under Disney's Marvel Studios. In December 2019, Reynolds confirmed that a third "Deadpool" film was in development at Marvel Studios.



</doc>
<doc id="43867112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43867112" title="Assassin's Creed (film)">
Assassin's Creed (film)

Assassin's Creed is a 2016 action film based on the video game franchise of the same name. The film is directed by Justin Kurzel, written by Michael Lesslie, Adam Cooper and Bill Collage, and stars Michael Fassbender, who also produced, Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons, Brendan Gleeson, Charlotte Rampling and Michael K. Williams.

The film is set in the same universe as the video games but features an original story that expands the series' mythology, taking place during the Spanish Inquisition. Filming began in late August 2015 and concluded in January 2016. "Assassin's Creed" was released on December 21, 2016, in the United States and France. It generally received negative reviews from critics that were primarily aimed towards the plot and writing, though some considered it an improvement over previous videogame film adaptations. It was also a box office disappointment, grossing $240 million worldwide against its $125 million budget.

In 1492 Andalusia, during the Granada War, Aguilar de Nerha is accepted into the Assassins Brotherhood. He is assigned to protect Prince Ahmed de Granada from the Knights Templar. In 1986, adolescent Callum "Cal" Lynch finds his mother killed by his father, Joseph, a modern-day Assassin. Gunmen led by Alan Rikkin, CEO of the Templars' Abstergo Foundation, arrive to capture Joseph, who convinces his son to escape.

In 2016, Cal is sentenced to death for murdering a pimp, but his execution is faked by the Abstergo Foundation, which then takes him to their research facility in Madrid. He is told that the Templars are searching for the Apple of Eden, in order to eliminate violence by using the Apple's code to control humanity's free will. Sofia, Alan's daughter and the head scientist, reveals that Cal is a descendant of Aguilar, the last person confirmed to be in possession of the Apple. She puts Cal in the Animus, a machine which allows him to relive (and the scientists to observe) Aguilar's genetic memories, so that Abstergo can learn what he did with the Apple.

In 15th-century Spain, Aguilar and his partner, Maria, are deployed to rescue Ahmed, who has been kidnapped by the Templar Grand Master Tomas de Torquemada, to coerce Ahmed's father, Sultan Muhammad XII, to surrender the Apple. Aguilar and Maria intercept the Templars, but are overpowered and captured by Torquemada's enforcer, Ojeda. Cal is quickly pulled out of the Animus by Sofia.

Cal encounters other Assassin descendants held captive at the facility, most of whom are suspicious of his motives, with the exceptions of Lin, the descendant of a 16th-century Chinese Assassin known as Shao Jun; and Moussa, the descendant of an 18th-century Haitian Assassin named Baptiste and a key leader. Cal begins experiencing hallucinations, dubbed "the Bleeding Effect", of both Aguilar and Joseph. Cal and Sofia build a rapport during their sessions; she confides that her mother was likewise murdered by an Assassin, sharing his hatred of the Brotherhood of which his father is a member.

Back in the Animus, Aguilar and Maria are scheduled for execution at an auto da fe but he manages to free them, leading to a rooftop chase in which they escape through an Assassin "Leap of Faith". Cal's mind reacts violently to the session and he is temporarily paralyzed. When Cal learns that his father is also at the facility, he confronts Joseph over his mother's death. Joseph informs him that the Bleeding Effect will allow modern Cal to possess Aguilar's combat abilities. He also learns that his mother was an Assassin, and she chose to die by Joseph's hand rather than be forced into the Animus. Unconvinced, Cal vows to destroy the Assassins by finding the Apple. Meanwhile, Alan is pressured by a Templar Elder, Ellen Kaye, to shut down the multibillion-dollar Animus Project because they have already "won ... people no longer care about their civil liberties ... they're content to follow", leading Sofia to question her father's true intentions.

Reaffirmed by his encounter with his father, Cal willingly enters the Animus once again, whereupon Aguilar and Maria ambush a meeting between Muhammad and Torquemada. They succeed in killing the Templars and retrieving the Apple, though Ojeda captures Maria in order to force Aguilar to surrender it. Instead, Maria chooses death, and stabs herself on Ojeda's blade. Aguilar kills him and escapes through another Leap, the force of which causes the Animus to violently malfunction. Aguilar gives the Apple to Christopher Columbus, who promises to take it to his grave. When Moussa and the modern Assassin prisoners start a riot in order to escape, Alan orders the facility purged. Abstergo security kills Joseph and most of the other prisoners.

Cal stands in the Animus chamber and is met with the projections of a number of his Assassin ancestors, including Aguilar, Arno Dorian, Joseph and his mother, while Sofia glimpses the projection of an Assassin identical in appearance to her. Persuaded by his mother, Cal embraces his Assassins' Creed and, having fully assimilated Aguilar's memories and abilities, joins Moussa and Lin escaping the facility.

Having retrieved the Apple from Columbus' burial vault, Alan and his followers converge at a ceremony in a Templar sanctuary in London to celebrate their triumph. Inside the sanctuary, a disillusioned Sofia meets with Cal, who has come to take the Apple, and she reluctantly allows him to act. Cal retrieves the Apple, but kills Alan to do it. 

Sofia vows revenge against Cal. The Assassins depart, swearing to once again protect the Apple from the Templars.


By October 2011, Sony Pictures was in final negotiations with Ubisoft Motion Pictures to make a film version of "Assassin's Creed", to be released in 3D. In July 2012, Michael Fassbender was announced to star in the film, as well as co-produce, through his DMC Film banner, with Conor McCaughan. Jean-Julien Baronnet, CEO of Ubisoft Motion Pictures, said Fassbender was the studio's first choice to star in the film. As well, negotiations between Sony Pictures and Ubisoft Motion Pictures were put on hold, with Ubisoft executives planning to develop the film independently in order to maintain greater creative control. Sony was able to still distribute the film, but Ubisoft Motion Pictures would not resume talks until packaging the project with a writer and director. In October 2012, Ubisoft revealed the film would be co-produced with New Regency and distributed by 20th Century Fox. New Regency financed part of the film's production, in order for Ubisoft to not shoulder much financial risk, yet still be able to be involved creatively; RatPac Entertainment and Alpha Pictures also co-financed the film. Baronnet also revealed Ubisoft hoped to release the film along with a new game launch for the series.

In January 2013, Michael Lesslie was hired to write the film. In June 2013, Frank Marshall entered negotiations to produce the film, along with Fassbender and McCaughan, for DMC Film, and Eli Richbourg for Ubisoft. In July, Scott Frank revealed he was rewriting the script. In January 2014, a LinkedIn profile for executive producer Fannie Pailloux stated filming was scheduled to begin in August 2014. In April 2014, Adam Cooper and Bill Collage were hired to rewrite the script. By the end of April, Justin Kurzel was in talks to direct. In June, Olivia Munn expressed interest in appearing in the film.

On February 12, 2015, Ubisoft's CEO Yves Guillemot confirmed that New Regency had begun production on the film. The following day, Marion Cotillard reveals that she has joined the cast. Filming was expected to begin in late 2015. In April 2015, Fassbender revealed that filming was scheduled to begin in September 2015. In May 2015, Alicia Vikander was in talks to star in the film, though in the following month, she took a role in the fifth "Bourne" film, "Jason Bourne", instead, and Ariane Labed was cast in her place. Producers on the film include Baronnet, Patrick Crowley, Fassbender, Marshall, Conor McCaughan, and Arnon Milchan. In July 2015, Michael K. Williams was added to the cast. In late August 2015, Fassbender's role was revealed as Callum Lynch in the present day and Aguilar in 15th century Spain; filming locations for the film were also announced.

Principal photography on the film began on August 31, 2015, with filming taking place in Malta, London, Spain, and the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios. Adam Arkapaw serves as cinematographer, while Andy Nicholson was production designer. In October 2015, Jeremy Irons and Brendan Gleeson joined the cast. In December 2015, shooting took place in Spain, and Irons' role was revealed to be Alan Rikkin. Principal filming ended on January 15, 2016, with further filming taking place in Ely Cathedral in July.

In May 2016, it was announced that Jed Kurzel, the brother of director Justin Kurzel, would score the film.

Aymar Azaïzia, head of "Assassin's Creed" content at Ubisoft, stated that the film, which is "a brand new story, [with] new characters set in our universe", had the possibility to feature "some familiar faces", and that the present day element would feature Abstergo. Fassbender said, "We really want to respect the game[s] and the elements to it. But we also wanted to come up with our own thing. And one thing I've sort of learned from doing the franchises like "X-Men" is that audiences, I think, want to be surprised and to see new elements of what they already know, and different takes on it." The Animus, the machine used to experience ancestors' memories, was redesigned for the film, from a chair, to a machine that lifts the user in the air, allowing for a more modern, interactive and dramatic experience. Fassbender also noted the change was made to avoid comparisons to "The Matrix". The Abstergo compound in the film features an artifact room that holds an assortment of weapons from the games beyond the traditional Assassin wrist blades. Fassbender also stated that Ubisoft was "very keen" about elements being created for the film, and were considering incorporating them into future games.

The film also features the games' signature "Leap of Faith" jump, performed by Fassbender's stunt double, Damien Walters, rather than a digital double, as the production team wanted to make many of the elements in the film as "real" as possible, without the use of visual effects. The freefall was described as "one of the highest freefalls performed by a stuntman in almost 35 years".

"Assassin's Creed" was released on December 21, 2016. The film was originally announced in May 2013 to be released on May 22, 2015, a date that was pushed back the following month to June 26, 2015. In November 2013, the film was pushed back once again to a new release date of August 7, 2015. In September 2014, the film was pushed to an unspecified 2016 release date, which was later revealed to be December 21, 2016. The film was released in 2D, 3D and selected IMAX 3D territories.

"Assassin's Creed" grossed $54.6 million in the United States and Canada and $186.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $240.9 million, against a production budget of $125 million. "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated the film lost the studio $75–100 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In North America, "Assassin's Creed" opened alongside "Sing" and "Passengers", and was initially expected to gross $25–35 million from 2,902 theaters over its first six days of release. However, after grossing $1.4 million from Tuesday night previews and $4.6 million on its first day, six-day projections were lowered to $22 million. It went on to gross $10.3 million in its opening weekend (a six-day total of $22.5 million), finishing 5th at the box office. It fell 15% in its second weekend to $8.7 million, finishing in eighth, and over 50% in its third week, grossing $4.2 million and finishing 10th.

On Rotten Tomatoes, "Assassin's Creed" has an approval rating of 18% based on 216 reviews, and an average rating of 3.9/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Assassin's Creed" is arguably better made (and certainly better cast) than most video game adaptations; unfortunately, the CGI-fueled end result is still a joylessly overplotted slog." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 36 out of 100 based on 38 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" wrote, "I bet playing the game is much more exciting. But then getting Fassbender to slap a coat of Dulux on the wall of his hi-tech prison cell and monitoring the progressive moisture-loss would be more exciting." Robbie Collin of the "Daily Telegraph" was equally scathing, saying, "For everyone who thought Dan Brown's conspiracy novels were just lacking a spot of parkour, "Assassin's Creed" might be your favourite film of the year. But for the clinically sane 99.9 percent of the rest of us, it's rather less exciting."

David Ehrlich of IndieWire gave the film a B−, and said "declaring this to be the best video game movie ever made is the kind of backhanded compliment that sounds like hyperbole, but the description fits the bill on both counts".

"Assassin's Creed" was released onto Blu-ray and DVD on March 21, 2017 and Digital HD from Amazon Video and iTunes on March 10, 2017.

In March 2016, Daphne Yang, CEO of the film's Taiwanese co-financier CatchPlay, stated that New Regency was looking to turn the film into a franchise, since it is based on "successful Ubisoft games and would make ideal sequels". Two additional films were planned, with the first sequel having entered development during the production of the initial film. Kurzel told Premiere that he would like to explore the Cold War in the sequel. In the wake of the acquisition of 21st Century Fox's assets by Disney, the sequels, together with other film adaptations of video games, were cancelled.



</doc>
<doc id="43869726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43869726" title="Rats and Cats">
Rats and Cats

Rats and Cats is a 2007 Australian comedy film directed by Tony Rogers and starring Adam Zwar and Jason Gann.


</doc>
<doc id="43871314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43871314" title="The Master Race (film)">
The Master Race (film)

The Master Race is a 1944 American drama film directed by Herbert Biberman and written by Biberman, Anne Froelich and Rowland Leigh. The film stars George Coulouris, Stanley Ridges, Osa Massen, Carl Esmond, Nancy Gates, Morris Carnovsky, Lloyd Bridges, Helen Beverly, Gavin Muir and Paul Guilfoyle. The film was released on October 18, 1944, by RKO Pictures.

As the Nazis come to realise that their dreams of world domination after World War II will not be fulfilled and that Germany is in fact about to be defeated, a fanatical hard core prepare for the future Fourth Reich and the continuation of the dream of Aryan supremacy in later generations. To this end, Nazi officer von Beck is sent to infiltrate a village in rural Belgium where he will wait to agitate again for racial supremacy for "true Europeans" over lesser, "mongrel" races.



</doc>
<doc id="43871501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43871501" title="Red Army (film)">
Red Army (film)

Red Army is a 2014 American-Russian documentary film directed, produced, and written by Gabe Polsky, executive produced by Jerry Weintraub and Werner Herzog. It premiered at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and was released in limited theaters by Sony Pictures Classics on January 23, 2015. The film tells the story of the Soviet Union national ice hockey team through the eyes of team captain Slava Fetisov, in particular the famed 1990s five-man unit known as The Russian Five.

The film details the link between sports and politics. The film also narrates how players were wooed by National Hockey League scouts and eventually flooded NHL rosters. The film is particularly harsh on the ruthless tactics of coach Viktor Tikhonov about whom none of the players have a kind word. Tikhonov died in November 2014.

The movie uses rare archival footage, including children singing "No Coward Plays Hockey", song composed by Aleksandra Pakhmutova in 1968.

The film relates the Soviet Union's dominance of ice hockey during the Cold War.

"Red Army" made its North American debut at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in American theaters by Sony Pictures Classics. The film is about the Soviet-Russian game from the 1950s to its deterioration in the 1990s. The film was screened in the Special Screenings section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.

The film was included in the official selections at the 2014 Telluride, Toronto and New York film festivals. "Red Army" won Audience Awards at the 2014 AFI, Chicago and Middleburg film festivals. The film was also selected as the Opening Ceremony film of the 2014 Moscow International Film Festival.

"Red Army" is one of the best reviewed films of 2014, maintaining a 97% rating on Rotten Tomatoes with an average rating of 7.9/10 based on 92 reviews. The site's consensus reads: "Fun and fascinating, "Red Army" delivers absorbing documentary drama for hockey fans and sports novices alike." On Metacritic, the film has an 83 out of 100 rating based on 33 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".

A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" called the film a "stirring, crazy story—a Russian novel of Tolstoyan sweep and Gogl-esque absurdity". "Time" magazine said: "this playful, poignant film presents a human story that transcends decades, borders and ideologies". Scott Feinberg of "The Hollywood Reporter" called the film "one of the best documentaries that I have ever seen".

The film was nominated for Best Documentary Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America.



</doc>
<doc id="43875862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43875862" title="Genius at Work">
Genius at Work

Genius at Work is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Monte Brice and Robert E. Kent. The film stars Wally Brown, Alan Carney, Anne Jeffreys, Lionel Atwill and Bela Lugosi. The film was released on October 20, 1946, by RKO Pictures.

Jerry Miles and Mike Strager co-host a radio mystery series, "Crime of the Week," with young Ellen Brent writing their scripts. What she writes about the kidnapping of millionaire John Saunders by someone called "The Cobra" is suspiciously close to the facts of the case.

It turns out that the radio station's owner, Latimer Marsh, is the Cobra, assisted in his diabolical crimes by Stone, his sadistic butler. Chloroform is used on Ellen when she gets too close to the truth and an attempt is made to frame her for the kidnapping and a murder. The bumbling and cowardly Jerry and Mike try to be of help to her in their own way, but Lt. Rick Campbell is the one who ends up saving them all.


</doc>
<doc id="43878402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43878402" title="Time Out of Mind (2014 film)">
Time Out of Mind (2014 film)

Time Out of Mind is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Oren Moverman and starring Richard Gere, Jena Malone, Ben Vereen, Kyra Sedgwick, and Steve Buscemi. It was released on September 11, 2015, by IFC Films.

Set in the urban cacophony of New York City, the story begins with the mild-mannered but confused George (Gere) being thrown out from an apartment by Art (Buscemi). Later viewers find out this apartment was not his, but rented to an evicted acquaintance, whom he calls "Sheila" (Sedgwick). From the start, George is indigent; he claims that someone has stolen his wallet. One can only guess he had been living on the edge for a while. Several attempted telephone calls yield no help, and George is forced to sleep on the streets. 

At one point, seeking warmth, he sits at a public hospital emergency room where he is approached by staff nurse Maire (Hughes) who treats him with compassion. Up until shortly before the end of the film, he is denying to others and himself that he is homeless, George pawns his belongings to buy liquor, later only beer. He eventually gets a bed at a homeless shelter, where he befriends the mentally unstable but friendly Dixon (Vereen). 

Dixon keeps George company as the latter goes through the trials of applying for public benefits. His eventual meeting with the advocate Laura (Datz) leads to more self-realizations about the help he needs. Seeking reconciliation with his estranged daughter Maggie (Malone), his vulnerability is palpable. He appears "guiltily obsessed with somehow reconnecting with her." Throughout the story, as George's character and background become more evident, he also becomes increasingly anhedonic; the only moments of joy seem to be when he enjoys an occasional six-pack. The story ends with George reaching out to Maggie in hopes for forgiveness and support.


On January 29, 2014, the film was announced, with filming set to begin in March 2014.

The film premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2014. On October 20, 2014, IFC Films acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released on September 11, 2015, by IFC Films.

"Time Out of Mind" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 79%, based on 85 reviews, with a rating of 6.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Time Out of Mind" demands patience, yet its noble intentions -- and Richard Gere's committed performance -- are difficult to deny." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 75 out of 100, based on 25 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".

Alan Scherstuhl of "The Village Voice" gave the film a positive review, saying ""Time Out of Mind" is an experiment in empathy, an examination of bureaucracy and streetlife mundanity, and a movie that many will find a tough sit." Joe Neumaier of the "New York Daily News" gave the film five out of five stars, saying "Never less than powerful. Without sentimentality or gloss, it illuminates a part of city life that far too often is lost in the shadows." Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" gave the film two out of five stars, saying "While Gere is very good in "Time Out of Mind", he doesn't have the kind of character arc or bravura scene necessary to put over this very well-meaning drama - which is too often content to preach to the choir on an important social issue." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" gave the film three and a half stars out of four, saying "Gere, who has shockingly never been nominated for an Oscar, is intuitive and indelible. Maybe it's naive to think a movie like this can heighten our awareness, even change things. So what. Godspeed." Rex Reed of "The New York Observer" gave the film three out of four stars, saying ""Time Out of Mind" is not sentimental or overly plotted. It's just a sober, emotionally direct film of subtle observance on the road to Hell." 

David Lewis of the "San Francisco Chronicle" gave the film two out of four stars, saying "It's memorable in the sense that it has an unsettling and disorienting and even educational effect, yet as a work of drama, it's often an exercise in drudgery." Ella Taylor of "NPR" gave the film a positive review, saying "Gere is extraordinary here, and it says something about his disciplined, inward-facing performance, and about the movie's subtle visual strategies, that he's in almost every frame of "Time Out of Mind", but only rarely at the center of it." Devan Coggan of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a B, saying "Even though "Time Out Of Mind"'s two-hour run time can be tough to sit through, Gere gives a subtle, layered performance as a man barely existing on the edges of society." A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" gave the film a positive review, saying "This movie's best and truest quality may be its wandering, episodic rhythm, which is intriguing in its own right and reflects the experience of the main character."



</doc>
<doc id="43878549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43878549" title="Partners in Time">
Partners in Time

Partners in Time is a 1946 American comedy film directed by William Nigh and written by Charles E. Roberts. The film stars Chester Lauck, Norris Goff, Pamela Blake, John James, Teala Loring and Danny Duncan. The film was released on April 25, 1946, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43879112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43879112" title="The Truth About Murder">
The Truth About Murder

The Truth About Murder is a 1946 American mystery film directed by Lew Landers, written by Lawrence Kimble, Hilda Gordon and Eric Taylor, and starring Bonita Granville, Morgan Conway, Rita Corday, Don Douglas and June Clayworth. It was released on July 26, 1946 by RKO Pictures.

Christine Allen administers lie detector tests for the district attorney, Les Ashton, but wants to become a prosecutor in court. Frustrated, she leaves Les to work for lawyer Bill Crane, whose unhappy wife Marsha, a photographer, makes large bets with bookie Johnny Lacka and openly flirts with model Peggy's husband.

Les is in love with Chris and wants her back. He fools Bill into believing Marsha wants to reconcile, but instead Paul Marvin turns up, telling Bill he and Marsha have become romantically involved. Marsha then is found dead. Les and the police naturally suspect Bill.

Lacka refuses to pay the $20,000 that Marsha won with her bet. Peggy is then killed. At a party, Chris convinces her guests to take one of her lie detector tests. From the answers she gets, she deduces that Paul is the killer behind it all. She is saved from being his next victim by Les, with whom she is now in love.



</doc>
<doc id="43879590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43879590" title="Gildersleeve's Ghost">
Gildersleeve's Ghost

Gildersleeve's Ghost is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas from an original screenplay by Robert E. Kent. It is the fourth and final film in the Gildersleeve's series, all of which were produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, based on the popular NBC radio program, The Great Gildersleeve, created by Leonard L. Levinson. Released on September 6, 1944, the film stars Harold Peary, Marion Martin, Richard LeGrand, Amelita Ward, Freddie Mercer, and Margie Stewart.





</doc>
<doc id="43880226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43880226" title="Goin' to Town (1944 film)">
Goin' to Town (1944 film)

Goin' to Town is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins from an original screenplay by Charles E. Roberts and Charles R. Marion, based upon the successful radio program Lum and Abner created by Chester Lauck and Norris Goff. It was the fifth of seven films in the Lum and Abner series, and was released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 28, 1944. The film stars Lauck and Goff, along with Florence Lake and Andrew Tombes.

Lum Edwards and Abner Peabody own a general store in Pine Ridge. When oil tycoon M. A. Parker is stranded in the town awaiting his car being repaired, he decides to play a practical joke on the two small-town rubes, and feigns interest in purchasing their store, alleging that there is an oil deposit below the premises. He offers Lum and Abner $20,000 for their property, but the two believe he is trying to steal their property by offering them far less than the property is truly worth. Rather than take Parker's money, the pair convince their friends and neighbors to donate money to drill for oil.

As the days go by and they do not strike oil, Lum and Abner get their fellow citizens to invest more and more funds. Eventually, however, there comes a day when their oil speculation company runs out of money. Desperate to get their investors' money back, the pair head to Chicago to sell their property to Parker. While waiting to see him, the duo is overheard discussing their oil property by Jimmy Benton, who works for Parker's chief rival. He approaches Lum and Abner and offers them a large sum of money for their property, enough to pay back all their investors. Parker's partner, Clarke, overhears Benton's offer, and not wanting to lose out on such a lucrative prospect, offers the pair even more money. Lum and Abner agree to sell to Clarke, and return to Pine Ridge, able to pay back all their investors with interest, as well as making a tidy profit for themselves. Parker and Clarke, meanwhile, are left with a worthless piece of property.


In July 1944, RKO announced that "Goin' to Town" would be one of at least 50 films on their 1944-45 production schedule, although work had already begun on the picture in April. The film was slated to be one of five RKO productions to be screened at New York City tradeshows from September 18–22.

"The Film Daily" found little merit with the film, feeling that it would only appeal to fans of the radio program. They called the production quality "routine", and the direction of Leslie Goodwins, "pedestrian". "Harrison's Reports" also gave the picture a lukewarm review, echoing the sentiment that it would only find an audience among the existing fans of the "Lum and Abner" radio show. "Motion Picture Daily" was more kind. While they agreed that the film's comedy would find the best reception among the radio show's audience, they felt that it would have a broader appeal, saying that the picture made "...no passes at subtlety or finesse and concentrates on characterization and the broad sweep of rustic humor. The trade name for this is corn, but it's Grade 'A' corn..."




</doc>
<doc id="43884224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43884224" title="Power Rangers (film)">
Power Rangers (film)

Power Rangers (also marketed as Saban's Power Rangers) is a 2017 American superhero film based on the franchise of the same name, directed by Dean Israelite and written by John Gatins. It is the third "Power Rangers" film, and is a reboot. The film features the main characters of the "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" television series with a new cast, starring Dacre Montgomery, Naomi Scott, RJ Cyler, Becky G, Ludi Lin, Bill Hader, Bryan Cranston, and Elizabeth Banks.

Franchise creator Haim Saban returned to produce the film under his investment firm. The film premiered at the Regency Village Theater in Los Angeles on March 22, 2017, and was released in the United States on March 24, 2017. It was met with mixed reviews upon release, with praise for the visual effects, musical score and the performances of Montgomery and Cyler, but criticism for its uneven tone, product placement, divergences from its source material, lack of action and the overall lack of ambition. It was also a box-office bomb, grossing $142 million worldwide against a budget of $105 million.

"Power Rangers" was intended to be the start of a planned film franchise with sequels to follow, but were all cancelled due to the film’s underperformance. A reboot is currently in development at Paramount Pictures.

In the Cenozoic era, the Power Rangers are tasked with protecting life on Earth and the Zeo Crystal. The Green Ranger, Rita Repulsa, betrays them and plans to dominate the universe. The Red Ranger, Zordon, survives Rita's attack and hides five of the Power Coins. He orders Alpha 5, his robotic assistant, to perform a meteor strike that kills him, the dinosaurs, and sends Rita to the bottom of the sea, foiling her scheme.

In 21st-century Angel Grove, high school football star Jason Scott is dismissed from the team and placed under house arrest after a failed prank. In detention, he encounters Billy Cranston and Kimberly Hart. Billy offers to deactivate Jason's ankle monitor if he will help at an old gold mine that evening. Once there, Jason leaves to explore and runs into Kimberly. Billy detonates explosives to break some rock, attracting the attention of Jason, Kimberly and nearby students Trini and Zack. The five discover the Power Coins and each take one. While escaping mine security, their car is hit by a train. The five find themselves at home the next morning and discover that the coins have granted them superhuman abilities. Elsewhere, Rita's body is found. Waking, she goes on a rampage, hunting pieces of gold to raise her minion Goldar to find the Zeo Crystal.

The five teenagers return to the mine and discover an ancient spaceship where they meet Alpha 5 and Zordon's consciousness. They inform the teenagers about the Rangers history and Rita, warning that they have eleven days until Rita has her full power, finds the Zeo Crystal, and uses it to destroy life on Earth. Zordon pleads with Jason to convince the team to help.

The five spend the next week training against simulated Putties and trying unsuccessfully to morph. To inspire the Rangers, Alpha reveals the Zords. Zack takes his Zord out for a joyride and almost kills the other Rangers when he crashes it. This angers Jason, and they fight. While trying to separate the two, Billy spontaneously morphs. However, when he becomes conscious of it, the armor disappears. Angered at their lack of progress, Zordon dismisses the group. Jason returns to the ship to confront Zordon and discovers that once the Rangers morph, it will open the Morphing Grid and allow Zordon to restore himself in a physical body. Feeling betrayed, Jason accuses Zordon of using the team for his own benefit. That night, the team camp at the mine and bond with each other.

Later that night, Rita attacks Trini and orders her to bring the Rangers to the docks. Trini informs them about Rita and they arrive to fight, but are quickly defeated. Rita forces Billy to reveal the location of the Zeo Crystal, which he'd figured out to be under a Krispy Kreme, kills him, and releases the others. The Rangers take Billy's body to the ship and ask Zordon to resurrect him. The Rangers agree they would give their lives for each other and resolve to defeat Rita. In doing so, they unlock the Morphing Grid. Zordon revives Billy, sacrificing being able to restore his physical self. With the team restored and confident, the Rangers morph into their armor.

Rita creates Goldar, raises an army of Putties, and attacks Angel Grove to find the Zeo Crystal. The Rangers battle the Putties and head to Angel Grove in their Zords. After the Rangers destroy the Putties, Goldar pushes the Rangers and their Zords into a fiery pit. In the pit, the Zords combine and form the Megazord. Rita merges with Goldar. The Rangers battle and destroy Goldar. After refusing Jason's offer to surrender, a defiant Rita tells the Rangers that more will come for the crystal and leaps at the Megazord only to be slapped into space. The Rangers are praised as local heroes, and with Rita's threats foiled, they return to their normal lives while keeping their powers.

Back at school, the teacher announces that Tommy Oliver will be joining them, but the desk is empty save for a green jacket.



Jason David Frank and Amy Jo Johnson, two of the cast members of the original TV series, make cameo appearances as Angel Grove citizens.

Saban Capital Group and Lionsgate announced the film in May 2014, with Roberto Orci originally attached to produce. Ashley Miller and Zack Stentz were hired to write the film's script. Orci eventually left the project to work on "Star Trek Beyond". On April 10, 2015, "TheWrap" reported that Dean Israelite was in negotiations to direct the film. Israelite told IGN in an interview that the film would be "completely playful, and it needs to be really fun and funny. But like "Project Almanac", it's going to feel very grounded at the same time, and very contemporary and have a real edge to it, and a real gut to it, it's going to be a fun, joyful [movie] but one that feels completely grounded in a real world, with real characters going through real things". Brian Tyler was brought on to compose the film's music. Israelite has said that the film updates itself from the original series, being more character-driven and incorporating naturalism and a grounded nature.

Actors began testing for the roles of the five Power Rangers on October 2, 2015. On October 7, 2015, Naomi Scott was cast as Kimberly. Newcomers Dacre Montgomery, Ludi Lin and RJ Cyler were then cast as Jason, Zack, and Billy, respectively. At the month's end, Becky G was chosen to play Trini. When it came to casting the Rangers, director Dean Israelite said, "From the very beginning, diversity was a very important part of the whole process," and that while the characters' races were switched around, he added that, "We made sure that the essence of each of those characters are who they were in the original show, and this really will be an origin story of those characters." On February 2, 2016, it was announced that Elizabeth Banks would portray Rita Repulsa. Four months later, Bryan Cranston, who voiced Twin Man and Snizard in the original series, announced he was cast as Zordon. Cranston revealed that he would perform motion-capture and CGI. In September 2016, Walter Emanuel Jones, the actor who played Zack in the original series, stated none of the original cast would cameo in the film. Towards the end of the month, comedian Bill Hader was cast as Alpha 5. In March 2017, it was reported that Amy Jo Johnson and Jason David Frank, who played Kimberly and Tommy in the original series, would cameo in the film, despite Jones' earlier comments.

Filming was originally set to begin in January 2016 but was rescheduled and began on February 29 in Vancouver. On May 28, 2016, filming was complete. Additional filming occurred in October 2016. A cast member claims that the film has broken the record for the longest wire jump, but this has not been independently confirmed.

The film was released in Dolby Vision and Dolby Atmos sound.

The official soundtrack, with music by Brian Tyler, was released digitally on March 24, 2017, and on CD on April 4, distributed by Varèse Sarabande.

Originally scheduled for release on July 22, 2016, Lionsgate delayed it to March 24, 2017.
The film received its world premiere in Berlin, Germany on March 17, 2017. All five of the surviving actors who originally portrayed the Rangers in the series attended the film's Los Angeles premiere on March 22, 2017. It was the first time they had been together publicly since 1995.

On March 3, 2016, Lionsgate released the first official photo of the five Rangers, and the following month, the company released the first official photo of Banks as Rita Repulsa. On May 5, the company unveiled the first official images of the Rangers' suits. Speaking of the suits, director Dean Israelite said that "The show was about kids coming of age, about metamorphosis, these suits needed to feel like they were catalyzed by these kids and their energy, their spirit", while production designer Andrew Menzies commented that the new suits are "an alien costume that grows on them, that’s not man-made. You can’t win everyone over, but we are trying to appeal to a more mature audience and gain new fans." A teaser poster was released in June, with additional character posters released in July, September, and October. On October 8, 2016, a "Discover The Power" teaser trailer for the film was released.

A fictional Angel Grove High School Newspaper website was created, alongside the official Power Rangers website, which features a GIF creator that allows users to make a GIF out of scenes from the teaser trailer. There is also an official toyline, produced by Bandai, and an extensive merchandising range was produced to promote the film.

Max Landis, who was fired from writing the film, criticized the trailer, saying that it looked like "Chronicle", a film that he had written. The trailer garnered mixed reactions, with some praising it for its darker, contemporary reimagining of the classic characters, while still looking action-packed and fun at the same time, and others criticizing it for its lack of connection to the original series, saying it appeared "brooding". The trailer received over 150 million views in the first two days after it was uploaded. Lionsgate revealed the T-Rex zord toy, among others, on October 28, 2016, and the Power Rangers Twitter account revealed the Megazord toy on November 4, 2016. On November 15, 2016, Lionsgate revealed the toys based on the film's individual Zords.

On December 8, 2016, a new poster debuted, as well as a photo of Rita Repulsa. On December 19, 2016, Lionsgate and Boom! Studios announced that they would release a graphic novel titled "Power Rangers: Aftershock", set immediately after the events of the movie. An international trailer was released on December 22, 2016. Qualcomm and Lionsgate produced a virtual reality mobile app of the film "Power Rangers Movie Command Center" that was exhibited at the CES 2017, from January 5–8, 2017, and was released in the App Store on March 8, 2017. On January 19, a second trailer, titled "It’s Morphin Time!", was released. Lionsgate debuted yet another trailer, which it called the "All-Star Trailer", on February 17. New TV spots were released on February 27, two about the Power Rangers, and one about Rita Repulsa. A clip was released on March 6, followed by two more on March 9. Thirty-seven stills were then released. Another TV spot was released on March 10. In the final week before the movie premiered, two more clips, as well as photos, were released.

A Build-A-Bear Workshop Power Ranger product range was announced on March 9, 2017. Krispy Kreme released doughnuts to promote the film, and served as an advertising partner. Placement of Krispy Kreme products and locations were featured in the film numerous times.

The group collaborated with YouTube sports entertainment group Dude Perfect ahead of the film's release, in a video titled "Dude Perfect vs. Power Rangers".

Lionsgate and Saban, in collaboration with nWay Games, released a PvP fighting mobile game called "" on March 24, 2017, to coincide with the film's release. The game was featured on both Android and the Apple Store and got to the top spot on the Apple App Store for both iPhones and iPads, for two consecutive days and number two on the Google Play Store.

"Power Rangers" was released on Digital HD on June 13, 2017, and was followed by a release on Ultra HD, Blu-ray and DVD on June 27, 2017 with retail exclusive variants being made available at Best Buy,<ref name="Power Rangers Best buy Blu-Ray/DVD Combo Review"></ref> Target and Wal-Mart. The film debuted at the No. 1 spot on the NPD VideoScan overall disc sales chart, which tracks combined DVD and Blu-ray Disc sales; NPD's dedicated Blu-ray Disc sales chart; and Home Media Magazine's video rental chart for the week ending July 2, 2017. The film retained the top spot on the NPD VideoScan's overall disc sales chart for the week ending on July 9, 2017.

"Power Rangers" grossed $85.4 million in the United States and Canada and $57 million in other territories for a worldwide gross of $142.3 million, against a production budget of $100 million.

In the United States and Canada, "Power Rangers" opened alongside "Life", "CHiPs" and "Wilson", and was projected to gross $30–35 million from 3,693 theaters on its opening weekend. The film made $3.6 million from Thursday night previews and $15 million on its first day. It went on to debut to $40.3 million, finishing second at the box office behind "Beauty and the Beast" ($90.4 million). The audience was notably diverse and mostly 18–34 years old. In its second weekend the film grossed $14.5 million (a drop of 64%), finishing 4th at the box office. In June 2017, Dean Israelite said that the film's PG-13 rating probably contributed to the film's underperformance at the box office.

"Power Rangers" received mixed reviews from critics. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 50% based on 167 reviews, and an average rating of 5.26/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Power Rangers" has neither the campy fun of its TV predecessor nor the blockbuster action of its cinematic superhero competitors, and sadly never quite manages to shift into turbo for some good old-fashioned morphin time." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating, the film has a score 44 out of 100, based on 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported 66% of audience members gave the film a "definite recommend".

IGN gave the film a 7/10, saying, ""Power Rangers" doesn’t quite pull off everything it wants to, but it’s a fun time at the theater nonetheless." Mike McCahill of "The Guardian" wrote that "the film achieves a functioning mediocrity we perhaps might have thought beyond this franchise," and gave it 2 out of 5 stars.

Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a negative review, writing: ""Power Rangers" has one of the most zig-zagged tones of any big budget studio film I’ve seen in a long time. It’s jarring at times how often it goes back and forth between 'gritty' and 'silly'." Writing for "Variety", Owen Gleiberman also criticized the film's conflicting tones, saying: "...25 years ago, "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" was launched as superhero fodder for kids, and there was indeed a place for it, but we’re now so awash in superhero culture that kids no longer need the safe, lame, pandering junior-league version of it. They can just watch "Ant-Man" or the PG-13 "Suicide Squad". Safe, lame, and pandering have all grown up." In a review for "The Telegraph", Robbie Collin gave it 1/5 stars, criticizing the "abjectly embarrassing frenzy of product placement".

In a May 2016 conference call to analysts, Lionsgate CEO Jon Feltheimer stated, "We could see doing five or six or seven." On March 22, 2017, Haim Saban said that he and Lionsgate already have a six-film story arc. However, in May 2017, "Forbes" noted that due to the underwhelming performance of the film in most markets, it was unlikely any sequels would be made. Later that same month, it was reported that the sequels could still be made thanks to record-breaking merchandise sales. Prior to the home release of the movie, Israelite confirmed that talks were taking place regarding a sequel and that he would like to include Lord Zedd in it. The possibility of a sequel increased once more in early July 2017 when it was reported that the film held the number one spot in home media sales and rentals in its first week. In August 2017, Saban abandoned its trademark for the film's logo. A Saban Brands representative stated in October 2017 that "Power Rangers continues to own and renew hundreds of trademark registrations worldwide, including for the 2017 movie logo. The trademark registration process is very nuanced, and the status of the single application has no bearing on our ownership of or the future plans for Power Rangers. The franchise remains as strong and enthusiastic about its future as ever." On May 1, 2018, Saban Brands agreed to sell Power Rangers and other entertainment assets to Hasbro for US$522 million in cash and stock with the sale expected to closed in the second quarter.

On August 8, 2018, Hasbro announced they would be working with a film studio to develop a follow-up to "Power Rangers". In February 2019, Hasbro CEO Brian Goldner announced in a financial call that Hasbro was in talks with Paramount Pictures to produce the sequel.

On July 11, 2019, in the AMA thread on the "Stranger Things" subreddit, Dacre Montgomery revealed that the studio had plans to produce a second reboot, without him and the rest of the cast and the director returning. On December 13, 2019, it was reported that Jonathan Entwistle is in early negotiations to direct the reboot, with Patrick Burleigh being set to write the script. The plot will reportedly involve time travel and will be set in the 1990s.




</doc>
<doc id="43884887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43884887" title="Suicide Squad (film)">
Suicide Squad (film)

Suicide Squad is a 2016 American superhero film based on the DC Comics supervillain team of the same name. The third installment in the DC Extended Universe, it was written and directed by David Ayer and stars an ensemble cast including Will Smith, Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnaman, Viola Davis, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Scott Eastwood, Ike Barinholtz, and Cara Delevingne. In the film, a secret government agency led by Amanda Waller recruits imprisoned supervillains to execute dangerous black ops missions and save the world from a powerful threat in exchange for reduced sentences.

By February 2009, a Suicide Squad film was in development at Warner Bros. Ayer signed on to write and direct in September 2014, and by October, the casting process had begun. Principal photography began in Toronto, Ontario on April 13, 2015, with additional filming in Chicago, and ended in August that year.

"Suicide Squad" premiered in New York City on August 1, 2016, and was released in the United States in 2D, Real D 3D, IMAX, and IMAX 3D on August 5, 2016. Following a strong debut that set new box office records, the film grossed over $746 million worldwide, making it the tenth highest-grossing film of 2016. It received generally negative reviews from critics, who criticized its perceived thin plot, direction, editing, and characterization, though Robbie's performance and the makeup was praised. The film was nominated for and won multiple awards across various categories, including an Oscar for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 89th Academy Awards, making it the first film in the DCEU to win an Academy Award. It was followed by the spin-off film "Birds of Prey", starring Robbie, in 2020, and will be followed by the standalone sequel "The Suicide Squad" in 2021, with Robbie, Kinnaman, Davis, and Courtney returning.

In the one-year aftermath of Superman's death, intelligence officer Amanda Waller convinces Washington D.C. officials to allow her to assemble Task Force X, a team of dangerous criminals imprisoned at Belle Reve Special Security Barracks. The team consists of elite hitman Deadshot, former psychiatrist Harley Quinn, pyrokinetic ex-gangster El Diablo, opportunistic thief Captain Boomerang, genetic mutant Killer Croc, and specialized assassin Slipknot. They are placed under command of Colonel Rick Flag to be used as disposable assets in high-risk missions for the United States government. A nanite bomb is implanted in the neck of each team member, designed to detonate should the member rebel or try to escape.

One of Waller's intended recruits is Flag's girlfriend Dr. June Moone, an archaeologist possessed by a demonic witch known as the "Enchantress". She quickly turns on Waller for imprisoning her, deciding to eradicate humankind with a mystical weapon. She besieges Midway City by transforming its populace into a horde of monsters, and summons her brother Incubus to assist her. Waller then deploys the squad to extract a high-profile mark from Midway, which is reported to be under a terrorist attack. Joining them is Katana, a Japanese swordswoman.

Harley's homicidal lover Joker finds out about her predicament and tortures Belle Reve security officer Griggs into leading him to the facility where the nanite bombs are made. There, he blackmails Dr. Van Criss into disabling Harley's bomb. Upon arrival, the squad's helicopter is shot down, forcing them to proceed on foot to their target. Boomerang convinces Slipknot that he believes the bombs are a ruse to keep them in check: the latter attempts to escape and is killed. Meanwhile, the squad is ambushed by Enchantress' minions. They eventually fight their way through to a safe house, where they learn that their mark is Waller herself, who is attempting to cover up her involvement in Enchantress' siege.

The squad escorts Waller to the rooftop for extraction, but the arriving helicopter has been hijacked by the Joker and his men, who open fire on the squad. Harley's bomb is disarmed by Dr. Van Criss, leaving Flag unable to execute her and allowing her to climb aboard the helicopter. Waller's men subsequently shoot down the helicopter, and Harley falls out while the Joker is presumed dead, after which Harley rejoins the squad. Alerted to Waller's whereabouts, Enchantress' minions arrive and kidnap her. Deadshot finds Waller's confidential files, from which he learns the truth about Enchantress, which Flag then is forced to confirm. This causes the squad members to abandon him. With Waller compromised, Flag relieves the squad of the mission but chooses to continue. Realizing they have an opportunity to prove themselves, they soon rejoin him and locate Enchantress at a partially-flooded subway station. Killer Croc and a group of Navy SEALs, led by Lieutenant GQ Edwards, go underwater to plant a bomb underneath Incubus. El Diablo embraces his abilities and distracts Incubus long enough for the bomb to detonate underneath, killing them both as well as Edwards.

The remaining squad members battle Enchantress together but are ultimately defeated. Enchantress offers to fulfill their deepest desires in exchange for their allegiance, and Harley feigns interest in order to get close enough to cut out Enchantress' heart. Killer Croc then throws explosives into Enchantress' weapon and Deadshot shoots them, destroying the device. Flag takes Enchantress' heart and crushes it, finally freeing June from the curse. Waller, still alive, emerges, and the squad members are returned to Belle Reve with ten years off their sentences. All but Captain Boomerang are allowed special privileges. The Joker, alive and unscathed, breaks into the penitentiary and rescues Harley.

In a mid-credits scene, Waller meets with Bruce Wayne, who agrees to protect her from the backlash against her role in Enchantress' rampage in exchange for access to the government's files on the expanding metahuman community and a document on both Barry Allen and Arthur Curry. Waller then advises him to stop working late nights, to which Bruce answers her to shut down Task Force X or else he and his "friends" will do it.


Ben Affleck appears as Bruce Wayne / Batman, and Ezra Miller appears as Barry Allen / The Flash, both reprising their roles from "" with Miller's being a cameo role; while Jason Momoa makes a brief photographic appearance as Arthur Curry / Aquaman. Alain Chanoine portrays Incubus, the brother of Enchantress, who possesses the body of a businessman in Midway City in order to have a physical form. Jim Parrack and Common appear as the Joker's henchmen, Jonny Frost and Monster T, respectively. David Harbour portrays government official Dexter Tolliver, Alex Meraz portrays Navy SEAL Gomez, and Matt Baram portrays Dr. Van Criss, a scientist at Wayne Enterprises' branch Van Criss Laboratories. Shailyn Pierre-Dixon plays Zoe Lawton, Deadshot's daughter, and Corina Calderon plays Grace Santana, Diablo's wife. David Ayer, writer and director of the film, makes a cameo appearance as a Belle Reve officer.

The film was announced in 2009 with Dan Lin as producer, Stephen Gilchrist as co-producer and Justin Marks as the screenwriter. David Ayer signed on to direct and write the film in September 2014. He later described the film to "Empire Online" as ""Dirty Dozen" with supervillains". Ayer had six weeks to write the screenplay, given the release date was already set.

In October 2014, Warner Bros. had initially offered Ryan Gosling, Tom Hardy, Margot Robbie, and Will Smith roles in the film. In November, TheWrap revealed that Jared Leto was in talks for the role of Joker, for which Gosling was originally sought. The main cast was announced by Warner Brothers in December 2014 with Smith, Hardy, Leto, Robbie, Jai Courtney, and Cara Delevingne as Deadshot, Rick Flag, Joker, Harley Quinn, Captain Boomerang, and Enchantress, respectively. The studio was also considering Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, and Oprah Winfrey for the role of Amanda Waller. Following the announcement of the cast, comic book writer John Ostrander (creator of the modern incarnation of the Suicide Squad) talked with "Comic Book Resources" about the casting, saying, "I have no problem with the casting... what I am really impressed by with all of the casting is that they are getting some very good actors to play these parts."

In January 2015, Davis expressed interest in playing Amanda Waller during an interview, saying "I'm fascinated by [Waller]." Meanwhile, Tom Hardy had to drop out as Rick Flag because of scheduling issues with his film "The Revenant". Jake Gyllenhaal, who worked with Ayer on "End of Watch", was then given an offer to replace Hardy as Flag, but he declined. The studio was then looking at Joel Edgerton, Jon Bernthal, and Joel Kinnaman to play the role. In February, Jay Hernandez joined the cast and Kinnaman was also confirmed to play Flag. At the 87th Academy Awards, it was revealed that Davis had been cast as Amanda Waller. In March 2015, boxer Raymond Olubawale was reported to have an unspecified role in the film, and Scott Eastwood announced that he had been cast. Later that month, it was confirmed that Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Karen Fukuhara had been cast as Killer Croc and Katana, respectively. Adam Beach, Ike Barinholtz, and Jim Parrack were added to the cast in April 2015. In January 2016, Ben Affleck was confirmed to reprise his role as Batman from "".

Filming began on April 13, 2015 in Toronto. On April 26 and 27, filming took place at Hy's Steakhouse. A "snowstorm" scene was filmed on April 29 on Adelaide St. and in Ching Lane. On May 5, a few major scenes were filmed in downtown Toronto next to Yonge and Dundas Square. Principal photography wrapped in August 2015 after additional filming took place in Chicago, Illinois. Additional filming ensued in 2016 following Warner's desire to make a more lighthearted and comedic tone akin to the trailers, especially as "" was criticized for being too somber; it was reported the reshoots cost as much as $22 million (more than the typical $6–10 million that additional filming costs). It was also confirmed that Zack Snyder filmed a scene with the Flash while shooting "Justice League" in London, while Ayer was in post-production on "Suicide Squad". Ayer confirmed that the film was completed on June 24, 2016. Despite the involvement of multiple editors in the process, only John Gilroy is named in the main credit sequence. It was later revealed that many of Jared Leto's scenes were omitted from the final cut. An interview with Leto revealed that he was upset over the removal of his work.

Academy Award-winning composer Steven Price, who previously worked with Ayer on "Fury", composed the score for "Suicide Squad". "Suicide Squad: Original Motion Picture Score" was announced for a release date of August 8, 2016. A soundtrack album for the film, titled "Suicide Squad: The Album", was announced in June 2016, and released on August 5, 2016. The album's first single, "Heathens" by Twenty One Pilots, was released on June 20, 2016. A music video for the song, set in a prison and featuring footage from the film, was released on June 21. "Sucker for Pain" was released as the second single on June 24. The album's third single, "Purple Lamborghini" by Skrillex and Rick Ross, was released on July 22. "Gangsta" by Kehlani; "Standing in the Rain" by Action Bronson, Mark Ronson, and Dan Auerbach of The Black Keys; "Medieval Warfare" by Grimes; and a cover of Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" performed by Panic! at the Disco were released as four promotional singles on August 2, August 3, and August 4, 2016 respectively, with "Medieval Warfare" and "Bohemian Rhapsody" being released on the same day.

The visual effects are provided by Moving Picture Company, Sony Imageworks, Mammal Studios and Ollin VFX and Supervised by Robert Winter, Mark Breakspaer, Gregory D. Liegey, Charlie Iturriaga and Jerome Chen as the Production Supervisor.

"Suicide Squad" premiered at the Beacon Theatre in New York City on August 1, 2016. The subsequent London premiere took place on August 3, 2016. It was theatrically released in the United States and in the UK on August 5, 2016, in 2D, 3D and IMAX 3D.

"Suicide Squad" held a panel at the 2015 San Diego Comic-Con International, with stars Smith, Robbie, Courtney, Davis, and Kinnaman among those who appeared. A trailer intended to be exclusive to the event premiered, but was leaked online, with Warner Bros. responding by stating they would not release an official version. However, the following day, Warner Bros. released an official version, stating: "Warner Bros. Pictures and our anti-piracy team have worked tirelessly over the last 48 hours to contain the "Suicide Squad" footage that was pirated from Hall H on Saturday. We have been unable to achieve that goal. Today we will release the same footage that has been illegally circulating on the web, in the form it was created and high quality with which it was intended to be enjoyed. We regret this decision as it was our intention to keep the footage as a unique experience for the Comic-Con crowd, but we cannot continue to allow the film to be represented by the poor quality of the pirated footage stolen from our presentation."

"Suicide Squad" was released on Digital HD on November 15, 2016, and on Blu-ray, 4K Ultra-HD Blu-Ray, Blu-Ray 3D, and DVD on December 13, 2016. An extended cut of the film is included in the home entertainment release, containing roughly thirteen minutes of footage absent from the theatrical version.

"Suicide Squad" was a box office success, grossing $325.1 million in the United States and Canada and $421.7 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $746.8 million, against a production budget of $175 million ($325 million including advertising and promotion costs). "Suicide Squad" was highly anticipated by audiences worldwide, despite the negative critical reception and lower-than-expected box office performance of "" in March. It recorded a worldwide opening of $267.1 million from 59 countries and IMAX global debut of $18.2 million, both set new records for the month of August. That is also the second-best debut worldwide for a DC property after "Dawn of Justice " ($422.5 million) and the seventh best for a superhero title. "The Hollywood Reporter" highlighted that "Dawn of Justice" had an advantage of receiving a coveted day-and-date release with China, while "Suicide Squad" did not secure a release date in the country. "Forbes" pointed out that had the film secured a release in China, it may well have matched or topped the $773 million total of "Guardians of the Galaxy" and the $782 million gross of "Deadpool". "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $158.45 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues for the film, making it the 10th most profitable release of 2016.

Projections for its opening weekend in the United States and Canada were being continuously revised upwards starting from $100 million to as high as $150 million. The film opened across 4,255 theaters, the widest for the month of August. Of that, 382 theaters were in IMAX, over 490 large-format screens locations, 270+ drive-ins, 180+ D-Box locations and over 200 dine-in/luxury theaters. It opened Friday, August 5, 2016, on about 11,000 screens and earned $65.1 million, marking the biggest August opening and single day, and the third biggest opening day gross of 2016. Of that, $5.8 million came from IMAX theaters, also a new August record. This includes $20.5 million it earned from Thursday previews, which began at 6:00 pm, setting the record for biggest-ever preview of August and the second biggest for a non-sequel film (behind "Man of Steel"). IMAX comprised $2.4 million (12%) of that figure. Much like "Batman v Superman" and "The Dark Knight Rises", however, the film saw a steep Friday-to-Saturday decline, grossing $38.8 million (a drop of 41%). In total, it earned $133.7 million in its opening weekend, setting records for the month of August (previously held by "Guardians of the Galaxy") and for Will Smith's career ("I Am Legend"). It is also the second-biggest debut for a non-sequel, behind "The Hunger Games" ($152 million), the fourth biggest of the year and the fifth biggest for Warner Bros. IMAX made up $11 million of the opening numbers from 382 theaters, $200,000 shy of breaking "Guardians of the Galaxy"s record. Nevertheless, it did beat "Guardians of the Galaxy"s $7.6 million in terms of premium large format screens which comprised $13 million. For Cinemark XD screens, which made $3.2 million, the sixth-highest opening.

The opening numbers helped Warner Bros. push past the $1 billion mark in North America for the sixteenth year in a row. The film also helped the total weekend tickets sales to an unprecedented $221.3 million in August. Previously, August has not exceeded $200 million at the box office in a single weekend in North America. "Suicide Squad" scored a massive debut primarily on the backs of the under-35 set which made up 76% of the opening weekend. Audiences were also diverse, with African-Americans and Hispanic Americans making up 41% of the patrons.

Following its record breaking opening weekend, it posted the biggest August Monday gross with $13.1 million, a drop of 56.5% from its Sunday gross. This broke "Guardians of the Galaxy"s previous record of $11.7 million, and also the biggest August Tuesday with $14.3 million, up 9% from its Monday take. The film has earned the biggest Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday in August history. It made $179.1 million in its first week of release, the fourth biggest of the year. Despite earning $13.4 million on its second Friday, the film dropped 79%, slightly less than "Batman v Superman"s 81% drop. Following a first-place finish in its first weekend of release, the film faced a steep decline of 67.2% in its second weekend, earning an estimated $43.8 million to score the biggest August second weekend gross. It also passed the $200 million mark in ten days and was able to hold the top spot for the second time in a row despite competition from the comedy "Sausage Party". However, the drop is one of the biggest declines for a studio superhero film, and for Warner Bros., which "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "deja vu all over again" after "Batman v Superman" tumbled 69% in its second weekend earlier in the year. The second weekend decline is the second biggest in summer history, behind "Warcraft"s historic 70% drop in June of the same year. The site also highlighted possible reasons for the significantly steep drop: dismal reviews, general apathy among moviegoers, altering movie-going habits and competition.

After three weeks of holding the top spot, it was overtaken by "Don't Breathe" on its fourth weekend. It maintained the second spot in its fifth weekend and registered its best hold with a -20% decline while also passing the $300 million threshold on its thirty-second day of release. It remained in the top ten for eight weekends until falling off in its ninth weekend.

Internationally, "Suicide Squad" secured a release in approximately 62 countries. It was released in 57 countries (70% of the marketplace) in conjuncture with its North American debut, including France, South Korea, Australia, Russia and the CIS, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Spain and Mexico beginning from Wednesday, August 3. According to trackings, the film was projected to have an opening anywhere between $85 million to $120 million, which would be a new August international debut record. "Deadline Hollywood" pointed out that although the film is a lesser known property, similar to "Guardians of the Galaxy", stars such as Will Smith are better known internationally, which could potentially aid the film's performance. It opened Wednesday, August 3, 2016, in 7 countries, earning $8.1 million. It opened in 50 more countries on August 4 and 5, earning $53.8 million for a three-day total of $64.6 million from 57 countries. Through Sunday, August 7, it delivered a five-day opening of $133.3 million from 57 countries on 17,630 screens, nearly double the previous August record held by "Guardians of the Galaxy". It also set IMAX opening record with $7 million. It added $58.7 million on its second weekend, a drop of 57% on 15,600 screens in 62 territories. After two straight wins, it was overtaken by the animated "The Secret Life of Pets" in its third weekend.

It recorded the biggest opening day of all time for Warner Bros. in Russia ($3.9 million), the biggest August opening day in the United Kingdom ($6.2 million), Brazil ($3 million), South Korea ($2.9 million, also the second biggest Warner Bros. opening day), France ($2.7 million), Sweden ($564,000) and Holland ($517,000, also the biggest opening of the year). Mexico and Spain opened with $3.9 million and $1.4 million respectively. In terms of opening weekend, the film recorded the biggest Warner Bros. opening of all time in Russia ($11.4 million). In Brazil, despite playing amidst the 2016 Summer Olympics, it managed to open with $11.75 million, marking the biggest August opening weekend of all time, the biggest Will Smith opening, and the fourth biggest opening for a superhero film. Its opening numbers alone made it the second biggest film for the studio there. In South Korea, although the film was off to a strong start, however, it was eventually overtaken by "The Last Princess" and "Operation Chromite" debuting at No. 3. It made $10.8 million in five days (Wednesday to Sunday). The U.K. and Ireland posted the biggest opening market for the film with £11.25 million ($14.8 million) from 573 theaters. Discounting previews, it delivered the third-biggest UK opening of the year, behind "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" (£14.62 million) and "Captain America: Civil War" (£14.47 million). It also became the first new released film of August since 2014 to debut above £3 million. Elsewhere, it scored the biggest August opening in Australia ($10.5 million), Mexico ($10.4 million) and Argentina ($2.5 million), while in Spain, it recorded the biggest DC opening with $3.4 million, where it was behind "The Secret Life of Pets" for the weekend and France a $7.9 million opening. It opened in first place in India for a non-local film with $1.8 million from 462 screens, despite facing competition from "Jason Bourne" ($1.1 million from 1,027 screens) which also opened on the same weekend. Despite the later film occupying twice the screen number of the former, "Suicide Squad" managed to take the top spot. Italy opened with an estimated $2.2 million in two days, that's the biggest opening for Smith there. It opened in first place in Germany with $6.9 million. It opened in Japan – the film's last market – on September 9 where it debuted with $3.8 million. It finished in second spot (and first among new releases) behind local anime "Your Name". With such a robust opening, "Variety" projected that the film would end its run there around $20 million. It has so far grossed $9.4 million there.

In terms of total earnings, its biggest market outside of North America is the UK ($43.3 million), followed by Brazil ($35.1 million) and Mexico ($27.1 million). In two weeks, it became the second-highest-grossing Warner Bros. film of all time in Brazil behind "Dawn of Justice".

"Suicide Squad" received mixed to negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 27% based on 367 reviews, with an average rating of 4.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Suicide Squad" boasts a talented cast and a little more humor than previous DCEU efforts, but they aren't enough to save the disappointing end result from a muddled plot, thinly written characters, and choppy directing." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average of 40 out of 100, based on 53 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it a 73% overall positive score.

"Rolling Stone"s Peter Travers wrote, "DC Comics tries something different with "Suicide Squad", an all-star collection of crime fighting villains—and the result is anything but super." Richard Lawson of "Vanity Fair" said, ""Suicide Squad" is just bad. It's ugly and boring, a toxic combination that means the film's highly fetishized violence doesn't even have the exciting tingle of the wicked or the taboo." Writing for "The Wall Street Journal", Joe Morgenstern heavily criticized the film saying, "In a word, "Suicide Squad" is trash. In two words, it's ugly trash." He further said, it "amounts to an all-out attack on the whole idea of entertainment," and called the film a product of "shameless pandering".

Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film B− saying, ""Suicide Squad" kicks off with fizzy, punk-rock ferocity before turning flat and spiraling into familiar formulas," and called Jared Leto's "scene-stealing" Joker "wasted" and "stranded in the periphery". He concluded by saying, "For DC, "Suicide Squad" is a small step forward. But it could have been a giant leap." IGN gave the film 5.9/10, saying: ""Suicide Squad" is a decidedly different flavor than "". It goes for subversive, funny and stylish, and it succeeds wildly during the first act. But then the movie turns into something predictable and unexciting." Drew McWeeny from "HitFix" gave it a positive review, writing ""Suicide Squad" is not the darkest mainstream superhero comic book movie ever made, nor is it even the darkest live-action film featuring Batman ever made. However, it is gleefully nihilistic, and it takes a different approach to what has become a fairly familiar story form at this point, right at the moment when it feels like superhero movies either have to evolve or die." Brian Truitt from "USA Today" wrote, "Compared to its ilk, "Suicide Squad" is an excellently quirky, proudly raised middle finger to the staid superhero-movie establishment."

Margot Robbie's performance as Harley Quinn was better received, with many critics eager to see more of the character in future films. In January 2017, David Ayer said he wished he had done certain things differently in the film including story elements, as well as giving more screen time to the Joker.

"Suicide Squad" was nominated for various awards, winning several. The film was nominated for three Grammy Awards as well as one Critics' Choice Movie Awards (winning one), seven People's Choice Awards (winning one) and received multiple Teen Choice Awards nominations, including "Choice AnTEENcipated Movie", "Choice Movie Actor: AnTEENcipated" for Will Smith and Scott Eastwood, and "Choice Movie Actress: AnTEENcipated" for Margot Robbie and Cara Delevingne. It won in both the former and latter categories. The film won an Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at 89th Academy Awards, making it the first film in the DC Extended Universe to win an Academy Award.

The film's mid-credit scene leads to the 2017 film "Justice League". After the release and financial success of "Suicide Squad", Warner Bros. and DC Films announced multiple films being developed featuring Margot Robbie reprising her role as Harley Quinn, including: "Suicide Squad 2", "Gotham City Sirens", "Birds of Prey", and an untitled film centered around Quinn and the Joker. Various sources report that the studios plan on featuring the anti-heroine in a trilogy of films for the character's first story-arc.

"The Suicide Squad" was announced with intention that David Ayer would return as director from the first film. Ayer left the project to work on "Gotham City Sirens" instead. This followed with Gavin O'Connor hired as co-screenwriter-director, while production was originally slated to begin October 2018, though the script's similarities to "Birds of Prey" led to principal photography delays. James Gunn was later hired to re-write the screenplay. It is scheduled to be released on August 6, 2021. It was also announced that Gunn will direct the film.

Although it will take place within the DCEU and will serve as a follow-up, it will not be a direct sequel, but a soft reboot of the franchise, with a team of mostly new characters. In February 2019, Margot Robbie was confirmed to reprise her role as Harleen Quinzel / Harley Quinn. In March 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Idris Elba was cast as Deadshot, replacing Will Smith who dropped out due to scheduling conflicts. Peter Safran, who produced "Aquaman" and "Shazam!", stated that the film will be more of a soft reboot than a sequel with mostly new characters in the film. Production is scheduled to begin later that year in September in Atlanta, Georgia.

"The Suicide Squad" is scheduled to be released on August 6, 2021. On March 29, 2019, it was reported that Jai Courtney will reprise his role as George "Digger" Harkness / Captain Boomerang, while on April 5, it was reported that the character of Deadshot was removed from the film and that Elba would be playing a different character instead in order to leave an opportunity for Smith to return in the future. That same day, it was also reported that both Viola Davis and Joel Kinnaman will reprise their roles as Amanda Waller and Rick Flag. By April 2019, David Dastmalchian and Daniela Melchior were cast as Polka-Dot Man and Ratcatcher, while John Cena was in talks for the role of Peacemaker. In May 2019, Benicio del Toro was reported to be in talks to play the film's villain.

On July 10, 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" announced that Storm Reid will play Idris Elba's character's daughter. On August 19, 2019, Flula Borg joined the cast. On August 24, 2019, Deadline reported that Steve Agee would voice King Shark. The next day, Deadline reported Nathan Fillion had joined the cast. The day after that, it was revealed that Taika Waititi was cast in an undisclosed role. On September 3, 2019, Deadline reported that Peter Capaldi was cast in a role and Pete Davidson is in talks for a role. On September 13, 2019, Gunn released the full cast list for the film, confirming Cena's and Davidson's involvement as well as announcing that Michael Rooker, who was previously rumored to appear in the film as King Shark before said rumors were debunked, would be appearing alongside Julio Ruiz, Jennifer Holland, Alice Braga, Tinahe Kajese, Sean Gunn, Juan Diego Botto, Mayling Ng and Joaquín Cosío in undisclosed roles.





</doc>
<doc id="43889303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43889303" title="The Judge Steps Out">
The Judge Steps Out

The Judge Steps Out is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Boris Ingster and written by Ingster and Alexander Knox. The film stars Knox and Ann Sothern, along with George Tobias, Sharyn Moffett, Florence Bates, Frieda Inescort and Myrna Dell. The film was completed in March 1947, but its American release was held up until June 2, 1949, by RKO Pictures. The film was retitled Indian Summer in Great Britain and the Commonwealth.

Thomas Bailey is bored with his job as a probate judge in Boston and appears to be just going through the motions as he decides against a mother in a custody case in favor of the child’s more conservative grandfather. At home, he’s a milquetoast to his self-centered and domineering wife Evelyn, who appears to despise her husband for his lack of ambition. She tries to get him a position as a Washington lobbyist for a large industrial company. 
Tom agrees to go to Washington to check things out. While on the train he develops what appears to be an ulcer and stops at a small town where the local doctor prescribes a break from everything, both family and business. 

Tom takes some time out to go fishing, forgetting to send a telegram to his wife. Feeling guilty about this short respite, he returns home to overhear his wife speaking disparagingly about him to her friends. He slips out of the house unnoticed and, after weeks of travelling across the country, finds a job as a short-order cook at a roadside cafe in California run by a woman called Peggy (Ann Sothern). 

Tom is happy in his new life, and he and Peggy fall in love. However Peggy is trying to adopt a girl, Nan, and is struggling with the legal process. Tom tries to help with adoption papers, but Peggy is rejected. Tom realizes that the courts are prejudiced against Peggy, partly because she is unmarried and has a man living in her restaurant/residence. Moreover, he realizes that he himself was prejudiced in his decision against the woman at the beginning of the movie. He perfunctorily handed over the woman’s child to her grandfather simply because he was rich and had gone to Harvard.

Tom returns to Boston to resolve this miscarriage of justice, and succeeds with both. While appealing the case to the Appellate court he is offered a seat on the bench. He declines this as he wishes to return to California, Peggy and Nan. Planning to end things with Evelyn, he finds she has changed. She is now less self-centred; more empathetic and almost loving towards Tom. 

Despite Evelyn's sadness, Tom prepares to return to California. He arrives at the train station but realizes that he loves the law, and that running off to California is only a childish dream. Unexpectedly, Peggy shows up at the station and, in a brief exchange, they explain how they have each found happiness; Peggy with Nan, and Tom in Boston. Tom gives his ticket to Peggy for her to return to California, and they part affectionately. Tom watches the train leave, and returns to his home.


The film recorded a loss of $650,000.


</doc>
<doc id="43891365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43891365" title="About Alex">
About Alex

About Alex is a 2014 American drama film written and directed by Jesse Zwick. The film stars Nate Parker, Jason Ritter, Maggie Grace and Max Greenfield. It had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 17, 2014. Screen Media Films released it on August 8, 2014.

The titular Alex (Jason Ritter) dresses himself at his old family home before filling a bathtub. After getting in, he posts a tweet, after a series of unanswered phone calls to his college friend Ben (Nate Parker), drops the phone into the water, and slits his wrists.

After hearing about Alex’s attempted suicide, his old college friends gather at his family’s country house: Ben and Siri (Maggie Grace), a married couple at a career crossroads; Josh (Max Greenfield), a disenchanted PhD candidate; Sarah (Aubrey Plaza), an un-happy M&A attorney; and Isaac (Max Minghella), a businessman from San Francisco and his date Kate (Jane Levy), who happens to work at a suicide hotline. Sarah suggests that they watch Alex in shifts while Josh suggests they confront Alex about his near suicide. Reunited for the first time in years, old flirtations are reignited.

Siri confides in Sarah that she may be pregnant, after receiving a dream job offer in Los Angeles. Josh is at a stalemate in writing his dissertation. Ben has been unable to finish his novel, and Sarah is left unfulfilled in her job as an attorney. The group is unable to clean the downstairs bathroom where Alex tried to kill himself and they rely solely on the upstairs bathroom. Sarah is hostile towards Kate because of her lingering feelings for Isaac but rekindles an old fling with Josh. Siri confides in Alex that Ben is having writer's block. 

While fishing, the men come across a dog whom they name Timmy, and Kate goes food shopping with Sarah. The group gets high and drunk, and Kate agrees to monitor the suicide hotline despite the fact that she is high for the first time. Ben and Siri have a serious talk about their standing as a couple when Siri admits that she may be pregnant. After dinner, Siri, Ben, Sarah, Josh, and Alex then play a drinking game that turns hostile when Josh and Ben ask Alex why he tried to kill himself, causing a shift in the group dynamic. Afterward, Sarah rejects Josh and accosts him for not committing to her during their college years. In the meantime, Siri tells Alex she feels guilty for her and Ben’s problems, and they kiss. Empowered by her confrontation with Josh, Sarah later rejects Isaac's advances after he kisses her, citing that she is over him and what he has with Kate is real.

Josh and Ben have a talk when they encounter Sarah asks about Alex's whereabouts. They disperse to ensure that he has not tried another suicide attempt. Ben discovers Alex and Siri in the midst of making out (albeit clothed) and flees in Isaac’s rental car but crashes it into a tree. Meanwhile, Kate finds Isaac after a call and asks him to bed. 

When Sunday arrives, Isaac offers to invest in Sarah and her culinary ambitions, and they playfully dance around the idea. Alex finds Ben, whose writer's block has been broken. The two reconcile and return to the house. After they return, Ben and Siri have a discussion about their relationship. As they all prepare to return to their respective lives, Alex announces that he is going to work with Kate at the suicide prevention hotline, and Ben is staying at the house to write for a while. 

Before the group departs, they opt to take a group photo. Kate, after Isaac affirms his dedication to her, offers to take the photo. As the group poses, a flashback of Ben inviting Alex to their table in college appears.


"About Alex" had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 17, 2014. Shortly after it was announced Screen Media Films had acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released in a limited release and through video on demand on August 8, 2014.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 44% of 39 surveyed critics gave it a positive review; the average rating is 5.5/10. The site's consensus reads: ""About Alex" pointedly provokes comparisons to "The Big Chill", but the script doesn't have enough substance to support them – or give its talented cast enough to work with."



</doc>
<doc id="43892692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43892692" title="Arctic Fury">
Arctic Fury

Arctic Fury is a 1949 American adventure film directed by Norman Dawn and Fred R. Feitshans Jr. and written by Charles F. Royal, Norton S. Parker, Robert Libott and Frank Burt. The film stars Alfred Delcambre, Eve Miller, Gloria Petroff, Dan Riss, Merrill McCormick and Fred Smith. The film was released on May 4, 1949, by RKO Pictures.

"Arctic Fury" is a re-edited version of the film "Tundra" (1936).

A man (Dan Riss) dressed like a government official is sitting at a desk in the opening scene. He informs the viewing audience that the film which follows tells an incredible-but-true story.

A doctor (Alfred Delcambre), who served as a U.S. Navy medical officer during World War II, settles down in Alaska with his wife and daughter (Eve Miller and Gloria Petroff, respectively) to open a private practice. But, the population still being sparse, even in 1949, he occasionally bush pilots his open-cockpit monoplane to out-of-the-way places in the wilderness to render medical aid. When he hears of an Inuit tribe afflicted with a contagious disease, unknown to them, he makes an extended flight to examine them. But, his plane develops engine trouble and he crash-lands in the Colville River region of northern Alaska, where he just barely swims to shore ahead of a hungry polar bear and an avalanche of falling glacial ice. 

Having memorized a map to the Inuit village, shown him by Mack (Merrill McCormick), a Sourdough fur trapper, he begins traipsing overland. Along the way, he briefly takes shelter in a cave already inhabited by a mother black bear with two cubs. In chasing her off, however, he finds that her cubs are still in the cave. So, when he resumes his journey, he takes them with him. Eventually noting, in his pilot's log, that he has named them Tom and Jerry!

Wreckage from the doctor's plane is eventually found, renewing hope of the doctor's survival within both his wife and Mack. Guessing that the doctor is headed on foot towards the Inuit village, the trapper heads there in his boat. Arriving there just in time to rescue both the doctor and the bear cubs from feral sled dogs gone half-mad with hunger (their Inuit owners having died from the aforementioned illness).

The doctor eventually replaces his previous aircraft with a new one of the same type. And the narrator concludes the story by claiming how the doctor's tale of survival has been handed down among the Inuit as a campfire story worthy of retelling. With various members of other tribes looking up at his supposedly passing-by plane with grateful awe and respect.




</doc>
<doc id="43894710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43894710" title="If You Knew Susie (film)">
If You Knew Susie (film)

If You Knew Susie is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Warren Wilson, Oscar Brodney, Bud Pearson and Lester A. White. The film was produced by, and starred, Eddie Cantor in his final starring role in a feature film. The film also stars Joan Davis, Allyn Joslyn, Charles Dingle and Bobby Driscoll. The film was released on February 7, 1948, by RKO Pictures.

Sam and Susie Parker, a husband and wife team of vaudeville performers retire and return to Sam's ancestral historic New England home to be with their children. The pair turn their 17th century home into a hotel with entertainment that turns the community against them. Sam and Susie's son Junior faces bullying and ridicule because his ancestor was "America's First Draft Dodger" in the American War of Independence. The town boycott of the Parker's inn forces Sam and Susie to sell their home and auction off the family's antique furniture. When moving a cabinet, a recess in the wall is discovered that contains a letter to Sam's ancestor from George Washington thanking him for his services as a blockade runner that brought needed munitions to the Continental Army. An additional part of the letter is illegible.

The pair travel to Washington D.C. to investigate whether the document is genuine. The National Archives not only prove that it is, but they possess a misfiled but genuine identical copy with the illegible portion of Sam's copy declaring the new American government will pay Sam's ancestor or his descendants £10,000 with compounded interest for the munitions giving the Parkers seven billion modern dollars that attract the attention of the media and criminals.


The film recorded a loss of $490,000.
Music by Joseph Meyer <br>
Lyrics by Buddy G. DeSylva <br>
Sung by Eddie Cantor 
Music by Jimmy McHugh <br>
Lyrics by Harold Adamson<br>
Performed by Eddie Cantor and Joan Davis 
Music by Jimmy McHugh <br>
Lyrics by Harold Adamson <br>
Performed by Eddie Cantor and Joan Davis <br>
Music and Lyrics by George Tibbles and Ramey Idriss <br>
Sung and Danced by Margaret Kerry and Dickie Humphreys <br>
Traditional Scottish 17th century music <br>
Lyrics by Robert Burns <br>
(1835) from "Lucia di Lammermoor" <br>
Music by Gaetano Donizetti <br>
Libretto by Salvatore Cammarano <br>
Performed by Eddie Cantor, Joan Davis, George Murphy and Constance Moore from the film "Show Business"


</doc>
<doc id="43895275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43895275" title="Having Wonderful Crime">
Having Wonderful Crime

Having Wonderful Crime is a 1945 American screwball comedy and mystery film directed by Eddie Sutherland from a screenplay by Howard J. Green, Stewart Sterling, and Parke Levy, based on the novel of the same name by Craig Rice In her series novels the main character was named John J. Malone, but for some reason the lawyer's name was changed for this film. Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures, it opened in New York City on April 12, 1945. The film stars Pat O'Brien, George Murphy, and Carole Landis.

Michael J. Malone, a lawyer and detective, keeps getting drawn into the mischief of his recently married friends, Jake and Helene Justus. The film opens as they run from the police and manage to hide in the theater of a magic show, where Movel, the magician, makes a disappearing act. After Movel fails to reappear, the audience panics and the police are called. However, Jake Justus, Helene Justus, and Michael J. Malone manage to escape the theater before the police arrive. As part of their escape, Malone insists on joining Jake and Helene for their honeymoon. While driving to the hotel, Helene was driving carelessly and accidentally ran another car off the road. Gilda, the driver of the other car, was one of Movel's assistants. Gilda's travels with a large trunk, which makes Malone suspicious of her but they decide to give Gilda a ride anyway. At the hotel, Gilda sees a mysterious man and faints. The trio take Gilda up to their room so she can get some rest and recover. While Gilda is sleeping Jake and Malone decide to look inside of Gilda's trunk. They find many of Movel's funny props, and after searching through the trunk for a few minutes, they discover a check for $50,000 made out to Movel from Elizabeth Lenhart. Malone and Jake then go to Elizabeth Lenhart's house to investigate while under the guise of window washers. At the same time, unbeknownst to Malone and Jake, Helene was speaking to Elizabeth Lenhart. After Helene informed Elizabeth Lenhart that she suspects that Movel has been murdered by his assistants, Elizabeth Lenhart writes a check for $50,000 to hire a lawyer to defend the assistants. However, the check later becomes blank because Elizabeth used invisible ink. Later that day Malone meets Winslow, the owner of the hotel, at the boathouse. Winslow confesses that he killed Movel in order to retrieve the $50,000 check. Winslow then holds Malone at gunpoint and forces him to step into a trunk. Then Winslow throws the trunk and Malone into the lake. After Jake and Helene come searching for Malone, Winslow attempts to kill them too by trapping them in a boat while the exhaust fills the cabin. However, Malone managed to escape from the trunk because it has a trick door at the bottom. So, Malone escapes and then frees Jake and Helene as well. The film then closes, as Malone walks into the hotel with the police to arrest Winslow.



</doc>
<doc id="43896593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43896593" title="Bunco Squad">
Bunco Squad

Bunco Squad is a 1950 American crime film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and written by George Callahan. The film stars Robert Sterling, Joan Dixon, Ricardo Cortez, Douglas Fowley and Elisabeth Risdon. The film was released on September 1, 1950, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43898962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43898962" title="Three of a Kind (1936 film)">
Three of a Kind (1936 film)

Three of a Kind is a 1936 American film directed by Phil Rosen. It was made by Invincible Pictures Corporation which was later absorbed into Republic Pictures.

Barbara Penfield (Evalyn Knapp) tries to persuade her father, laundry magnate F. Thorndyke Penfield (Richard Carle), to invest in a business venture proposed by her sweetheart Rodney Randall (Bradley Page). Her father, knowing Randall to be a fortune hunter, refuses and stops her allowance and freezes her bank account. Undeterred from financing Randall, but lacking the cash, Barbara decides to trade in her expensive car for a very cheap one.

While she is out on a test drive with a salesman, her car is fraudulently sold by con man "Con" Cornelius (Berton Churchill) who is loitering around the car yard. The buyer, Jerry Bassett (Chick Chandler), is a Penfield Company laundry worker who has just quit after winning best employee award and $1,000. He sets out for the Royal Valley holiday resort and on the road picks up Barbara who, after the cheap car broke down, is hitchhiking to a rendezvous there with Randall. She does not recognize her own car which Bassett is driving, and introduces herself using the false name Beatrice Payne.

Arriving at the Royal Valley, Bassett and "Beatrice" book into separate rooms. Later Cornelius and his daughter Prudence arrive. Bassett learns that Beatrice is really Barbara Penfield, the daughter of his ex-employer, and it is confirmed when Penfield himself arrives to put a stop to any further negotiation between her and Randall.

Several cases of mistaken identity result between Penfield, Randall, Cornelius, and Bassett, with almost everyone believing the other is rich and manoeuvering to make a deal with him. Meanwhile, police investigator Cogarty is on the trail of the fraudulently sold car and he recognizes ex-convict Cornelius and swindler Randall. Bassett is wrongly arrested for stealing the car, with police compounding the mistaken identity situation.

Prudence and Randall marry, and when all the identities are sorted out, Barbara and Bassett announce their intention to do the same and to manage the Penfield business when Penfield retires.




</doc>
<doc id="43903000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43903000" title="Experiment Alcatraz">
Experiment Alcatraz

Experiment Alcatraz is a 1950 American crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Orville H. Hampton. The film stars John Howard, Joan Dixon, Walter Kingsford and Robert Shayne. The film was released on November 21, 1950, by RKO Pictures.

A number of Alcatraz prisoners have volunteered to take an experimental serum that could cure a fatal blood disease, promised a parole if they take part. During the experiments, notorious racketeer Barry Morgan steals one of lieutenant nurse Joan McKenna's scissors and stabs convict Eddie Ganz to death, then escapes.

The medical tests are abandoned, the vaccine called a failure. Joan is upset for many reasons, including that such a serum could help her wheelchair-bound brother Dick, who has the disease. Dr. Ross Williams created the medicine and he attempts, with Joan's help, to understand why Morgan behaved the way he did. Ross is beaten by one of Morgan's thugs, Duke Shaw, and told that he and Joan had better drop their pursuit, but they don't.

The trail leads them to Lake Tahoe and a lodge owner, Ethel Ganz, the dead inmate's stepdaughter. She pulls a gun on them. It turns out Eddie hid $250,000 in stolen loot that she found. Ethel is now married to Morgan, with whom she plotted the murder and prison breakout. Morgan turns up with a gun, putting the lives of Ross and Joan in peril, but they are rescued, the villains are incarcerated and the serum is put to good use.



</doc>
<doc id="43903351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43903351" title="Deepwater Horizon (film)">
Deepwater Horizon (film)

Deepwater Horizon is a 2016 American biographical disaster film based on the "Deepwater Horizon" explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Peter Berg directed it from a screenplay by Matthew Michael Carnahan and Matthew Sand. It stars Mark Wahlberg, Kurt Russell, John Malkovich, Gina Rodriguez, Dylan O'Brien, and Kate Hudson. It is adapted from the December 25, 2010 The New York Times article "Deepwater Horizon's Final Hours", written by David Barstow, David Rohde, and Stephanie Saul.

Principal photography began on April 27, 2015 in New Orleans, Louisiana. The film premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival and was theatrically released in the United States on September 30, 2016. It received generally positive reviews and grossed over $121 million worldwide. The film was nominated for two Oscars at the 89th Academy Awards: Best Sound Editing and Best Visual Effects, and a BAFTA Award for Best Sound at the 70th British Academy Film Awards.

On April 20, 2010, "Deepwater Horizon", an oil drilling rig operated by private contractor Transocean, is set to begin drilling off the southern coast of Louisiana on behalf of BP. Chief Electronics Technician Michael "Mike" Williams (Mark Wahlberg) and Offshore Installation Manager James "Mr. Jimmy" Harrell (Kurt Russell) are surprised to learn that the workers assigned to test the integrity of recently completed cement work are being sent home early, without conducting a cement bond log (CBL), at the insistence of BP managers Donald Vidrine (John Malkovich) and Robert Kaluza (Brad Leland). While Mike prepares the drilling team, including Caleb Holloway (Dylan O'Brien), Harrell meets with Vidrine and persuades him to conduct a test, which only serves to weaken the already poorly placed cement further. His patience thinning, and without waiting for Harrell to confirm the results, Vidrine orders the well to be flowed.

At first, the operation goes smoothly, but the cement job eventually fails completely, triggering a massive blowout that overpowers and kills the drill team members Keith Manuel, Shane Roshto, Roy Kemp, Karl Kleppinger, Adam Weise, and Gordon Jones.

A chain of equipment malfunctions, coupled with a failed attempt to seal the well, ignites the oil, killing Dewey Revette, Stephen Curtis, Jason Anderson (Ethan Suplee), and Donald Clark. Andrea Fleytas (Gina Rodriguez), the rig's Dynamic Position Operator, tries to alert the Coast Guard, only to be overruled by her superior, Captain Curt Kuchta, on the grounds that the rig is not in any imminent danger, at least until the rig erupts in flames, then Kuchta sends out his own call for help. With oil now spewing into the ocean, a frightened, oil covered pelican flies into the bridge of a nearby vessel, the "Damon Bankston", and dies; the vessel heads towards the rig just as the workers begin a frantic evacuation, sending out a rescue team after seeing the rig burst into flames. Harrell, still alive, although seriously injured in the explosion, is rescued by Mike and assumes control of the situation, only to discover that the rig cannot be saved. Aaron Dale Burkeen, a close friend of Mike's, sacrifices himself to keep a burning crane from collapsing onto the surviving crew, while Mike and Caleb are able to rescue Vidrine and Kaluza and get them to safety.

As night falls and the burning oil lights up the area, the Coast Guard becomes aware of the incident and sends a ship to collect the survivors, who are being ferried in the lifeboats to the "Damon Bankston". With all the lifeboats full, Mike locates the emergency life raft, but it becomes separated from the rig before he and Andrea can board, causing the latter to suffer a panic attack. Just as the oil in the well itself ignites and destroys the rig, the two jump into the water and are picked up by rescuers, who then ferry them to the "Damon Bankston" where the surviving crew mourn their lost crewmen and say the Lord's Prayer.

Returned home, the workers reunite with their families in a hotel lobby, during which the father of one of the dead crew members angrily confronts Mike for failing to save his son, resulting in Mike having a panic attack himself.

The film ends with a series of clips showing the aftermath of the disaster, including testimony from the real-life Mike Williams and the revelation that Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza were the only two people prosecuted for their actions; both were charged with eleven cases of manslaughter. Pictures appear of the eleven men who lost their lives before the credits. The movie postscript reads: "The blowout lasted for 87 days, spilling an estimated 210 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico. It was the worst oil disaster in U.S. history."

On March 8, 2011, it was announced that Summit Entertainment, Participant Media, and Image Nation had acquired the film rights to "The New York Times" article "Deepwater Horizon's Final Hours", written by David Barstow, David S. Rohde, and Stephanie Saul, and published on December 25, 2010, about the 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" explosion and subsequent oil spill. Matthew Sand was set to write the screenplay, while Lorenzo di Bonaventura was in talks to produce the film under his Di Bonaventura Pictures banner. Summit and Participant Media/Imagination would also finance the film. On acquiring the article to develop into a film, the president of Participant Media, Ricky Strauss said,
This is a perfect fit for us–a suspenseful and inspiring real-life account of everyday people whose values are tested in the face of an impending environmental disaster.

On July 24, 2012, Ric Roman Waugh was in talks with the studios to direct the film, Mark Vahradian was set to produce the film along with Bonaventura, and Lions Gate Entertainment also joined the project to produce and distribute. On July 11, 2014, it was announced that "All Is Lost's" director J. C. Chandor had been hired to direct the film; the screenplay's first draft was written by Sand, while Matthew Michael Carnahan wrote the second draft. In early October, it was confirmed that Summit would distribute the film, not Lionsgate. On January 30, 2015, it was reported that "Lone Survivor" director Peter Berg had replaced Chandor, and would re-team with Wahlberg on the film. Chandor exited due to creative differences.

On August 19, 2014, casting began, with actor Mark Wahlberg added in the lead role of the film. Wahlberg plays Mike Williams, a real-life electronics technician on the "Deepwater Horizon" oil rig. On March 18, 2015, Gina Rodriguez was set to play a woman named Andrea Fleytas, who was on the bridge on board the Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blowout, and frantically tried to contact the Coast Guard. On April 10, 2015, "Deadline" reported that Dylan O'Brien was in talks to play Caleb Holloway. Kurt Russell joined the film on the same day O'Brien was in talks. Soon after, John Malkovich was confirmed cast, as a BP representative who fatally underestimates the dangers of working on the rig. Kate Hudson was announced as a cast member in May, 2015, and playing the wife of Wahlberg's character; her role will be her first on-screen pairing with Russell, her stepfather, although they shared no dialogue in the film, only a hug.

Principal photography on the film began on April 27, 2015. It was officially announced by Lionsgate on May 18, 2015 that filming had begun in New Orleans, Louisiana.

The film cost a total of $156 million to produce, with $122 million spent in Louisiana. As a result, Lionsgate (the studio financing the film) received a $37.7 million subsidy from the state, under Louisiana's film incentive program. Later estimates put the amount at $110 million.

"Deepwater Horizon" had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival, on September 13, where it received a standing ovation from audiences after the screening. It opened in theaters on September 30, 2016, distributed by Summit Entertainment in the United States and Canada, and by Lionsgate Entertainment internationally.

"Deepwater Horizon" grossed $61.4 million in the United States and Canada and $60.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $121.8 million, against a net production budget of around $110 million. The Hollywood Reporter judged it one of 2016's fourteen biggest box-office bombs.

In the United States and Canada, "Deepwater Horizon" was projected to gross $16–20 million from 3,259 theaters in its opening weekend, although some publications noted Wahlberg's films tend to outperform box office projections. The film made $860,000 from its Thursday night previews at 2,400 theaters, and $7.1 million on its first day. In total, the film earned $20.2 million during its opening weekend, debuting at number two at the box office behind Tim Burton's "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children". The film was released at a time when the marketplace was already dominated by two other adult-skewing pictures, "The Magnificent Seven" and "Sully". The film over-performed in the Gulf Coast region, and also did exceptionally well in IMAX, which earned $2.7 million of the film's total opening weekend.

The film's opening weekend was regarded as underwhelming and a disappointment, given its hefty production budget, but dramas released during the fall, and Wahlberg's films, tend to have box office legs. "Forbes" called the opening "good, but not great", especially considering the solid reviews. While most adult-skewing films would generally be made on a conservative budget in order to protect themselves financially, "Deepwater Horizon" was produced for $110–120 million (after tax rebates). Box office analyst Jeff Block said the film was "a hard sell. This should have been a $60 million film. The budget was out of control." Recent real-life drama films such as "Sully" ($60 million budget), "Bridge of Spies" ($40 million) and "Captain Phillips" ($55 million) were made for more moderate amounts. "The Hollywood Reporter" noted that when Hollywood spends north of $100 million on a film, it is intended for a much broader audience, but that was not the case for "Deepwater Horizon", as the main demographics were adults, with 67% of the total ticket buyers during its opening weekend being over the age of 35. Another possible reason for the film's mediocre debut was its marketing miss, which was also a subject of criticism; from the outset, Lionsgate marketed the film as a heroic tale versus an issues-oriented movie. The name ""Deepwater Horizon"" itself is more associated with the aftermath of the spill than the heroics of the men who survived and helped their fellow workers. "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated the film lost at least $60 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

Outside North America, "Deepwater Horizon" opened simultaneously in 52 markets, and grossed $12.4 million, of which IMAX made up $1 million 119 IMAX screens. The U.K. was the top earning market, with $2.6 million, followed by the Middle East ($1.5 million), Taiwan ($1.4 million), Australia ($1.3 million), and Russia ($1.2 million). In China, the film opened on Tuesday, November 15, where it delivered a six-day opening weekend of $7.9 million, debuting in third place, behind local film "I Am Not Madame Bovary" and the continuation of "Doctor Strange". The next major markets to open were Germany (November 24) and Spain (November 25).

"Deepwater Horizon" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 83% based on 242 reviews with an average rating of 7/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Deepwater Horizon" makes effective use of its titular man-made disaster to deliver an uncommonly serious – yet still suitably gripping – action thriller." On Metacritic, the film has a score 68 out of 100 based on 52 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.

Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, writing, "ruggedness and resilience counts for far more in the characterizations here than does nuance, and everyone delivers as required. From a craft and technical point of view, the film is all but seamless, a credit to the extra care taken to avoid a CGI look." Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" praised the film's performances and ability to make audiences angry at BP: "I’ll be honest, I didn’t think we needed a movie about this subject. I’ve changed my mind. And, if nothing else, I hope it gets people angry again, because the people who did this to our planet, and killed 11 people in the process, got off too easy." Benjamin Lee of "The Guardian" praised Berg's direction as "admirably, uncharacteristically restrained...[He] stages the action horribly well, capturing the panic and gruesome mayhem without the film ever feeling exploitative. It’s spectacularly constructed, yet it doesn’t forget about the loss of life, ensuring that, despite thin characterisation, the impact is felt."

Former crew members started their own crowd-funded documentary project before the film's release, out of frustration with factual liberties taken in the film script and in the media.



</doc>
<doc id="43904169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43904169" title="The Great Wall (film)">
The Great Wall (film)

The Great Wall () is a 2016 action monster film directed by Zhang Yimou, with a screenplay by Carlo Bernard, Doug Miro and Tony Gilroy, from a story by Max Brooks, Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz. It is an American-Chinese co-production starring Matt Damon, Jing Tian, Pedro Pascal, Willem Dafoe, and Andy Lau. "The Great Wall" is Zhang's first English-language film.

Principal photography for the film began on March 30, 2015, in Qingdao, China, and it premiered in Beijing on December 6, 2016. It was released by China Film Group in China on December 16, 2016, and in the United States on February 17, 2017 by Universal Pictures. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who said it "sacrifices great story for great action." Despite grossing over $330 million worldwide and making back the studios investment 2 times over, it was considered a box-office bomb.

European mercenaries, including Irishman William Garin and Spaniard Pedro Tovar, travel to China during the reign of the Song dynasty's Renzong Emperor, searching for the secret to gunpowder. A few miles north of the Great Wall, they are attacked by a monster. Only William and Tovar survive. They sever the monster's arm and bring it with them. Reaching the Wall, they are taken prisoner by soldiers of the Nameless Order, led by General Shao and Strategist Wang. The Nameless Order exists to combat alien monsters called Tao Tei, which attack once every sixty years. The Tao Tei arrived from a meteorite. While examining the severed monster arm, the Order's commanders are surprised by the monsters' first assault one week early.

Shortly after, a monster horde assails the Wall. Both sides sustain heavy losses before the monsters' queen aborts the attack. During the battle, William and Tovar are freed by Ballard, another European who ventured east twenty-five years earlier, searching for gunpowder. Detained, he now serves as an English and Latin teacher. William and Tovar display amazing battle skills, saving the life of young warrior Peng Yong, then slaying two monsters, which earns the Order's respect. The three Europeans secretly plan to steal gunpowder and flee during the next monster attack.

That night, two Tao Tei reach the top of the Wall. General Shao is killed, placing Commander Lin in charge of the Nameless Order. Around this time, an envoy from the capital arrives with an ancient scroll which suggests that the monsters are pacified by magnets. Wang believes the stone William carries enabled him to slay the Tao Tei he fought at the cave. To test the hypothesis, William suggests they capture a Tao Tei alive and agrees to help. This delays his escape plans, angering Tovar, who nevertheless assists William despite Ballard's protests.

During the next attack, the Tao Tei are numerous enough to cause Lin to resort to using arrows equipped with black powder, whose capabilities had been kept secret from the Westerners until now. They capture a living Tao Tei and prove the theory. However, the Imperial envoy claims the monster and takes it to the capital to present to the Emperor.

A tunnel is discovered at the base of the Wall; the previous attacks had been a distraction so that the Tao Tei could dig the tunnel. While Lin investigates, Tovar and Ballard steal a supply of black powder and escape, knocking William unconscious for trying to stop them. William is arrested by the Nameless Order, and is locked up in the Wall. Some distance away, Ballard betrays and abandons Tovar, but is captured by bandits, who accidentally kill themselves and Ballard after igniting the powder. At the capital, the envoy presents the captive Tao Tei to the Emperor and his entourage, but it awakens and reveals its position to its queen, who signals the Tao Tei to attack.

The Order rushes to the capital. Lin orders the use of hot-air balloons, and before setting out, Lin sets William free. Wang tells him to warn the outside world, but William boards the last balloon with Peng and Wang. They arrive just in time to save Lin from being devoured. They land in the Emperor's palace, where Wang proposes killing the queen by tying explosives to the captured Tao Tei and giving it meat to be delivered to the queen. While approaching the site, a horde of Tao Tei attack the band, and Peng sacrifices himself to save the others.

After releasing the Tao Tei, Lin and William climb a tower so that William can detonate the explosives with an arrow. Wang sacrifices himself to buy time for Lin and William to reach the upper floors. Two of William's arrows are deflected by the Tao Tei queen's bodyguards, but William throws the magnet into the horde, creating a gap in the shields, allowing Lin's spear to get through. The queen is killed, and the rest of the horde is paralyzed. With the threat eliminated, William is allowed to return home and elects to take Tovar (whom the Nameless Order recaptured) with him instead of a reward of black powder, much to Tovar's annoyance.

Principal photography of the film began on March 30, 2015, on location in Qingdao. It is the most expensive film ever shot entirely in China.

Three walls were built during production as they could not shoot on the actual Great Wall. During the filmmaking, the director said the most impressive part for him was the presence of so many translators to handle communication, as he assembled an international crew for the filming. More than 100 on-set translators worked with the various cast and crew members.

The film's score is composed by Ramin Djawadi. The first track called "Nameless Order" was released on December 14, 2016.

"The Great Wall" was released in China on December 16, 2016. It was released on February 17, 2017 in the United States by Universal Pictures in 3D, 2D, RealD 3D, IMAX 3D, 4DX, and ScreenX Formats. 

"The Great Wall" released its first trailer in July 2016. The trailer shows views of the Great Wall in fog, thousands of soldiers on a battlefield ready for war, and a mysterious monster, as well as the roster views of the cast, including Matt Damon and Andy Lau.

A song from Leehom Wang and Tan Weiwei was released on November 15, 2016, to promote "The Great Wall". "Bridge of Fate" was composed by pop singer Wang, with lyrics written by Vincent Fang, a long time collaborator of singer-songwriter Jay Chou. Female rocker Tan Weiwei joined Wang for a duet, but with two different vocal styles. Wang sang pop, while Tan performed a traditional Qinqiang – a folk Chinese opera style from Shaanxi Province.

Chinese pop diva Jane Zhang released another new English song, "Battle Field", and its promotional music video, for "The Great Wall" on November 22, 2016. The song was composed by King Logan and Maroon 5's keyboardist PJ Morton, and written by Josiah "JoJo" Martin and Jane Zhang. It was produced by Timbaland.

Universal Pictures and Legendary Entertainment debuted eight character posters of the film on November 17, 2016. All in all, Legendary spent $110–120 million on promotion and advertising worldwide.

Legendary Pictures made a strategic decision to work with Chinese talent and investors, and altered their production plan to better cater to Chinese audiences. "The Great Wall", funded by Legendary, China Film Group, and Universal Pictures was an attempt at a joint production between Chinese and American talent. The film was directed by a big-time Chinese director, Zhang Yimou, and starred Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Willem Defoe alongside Chinese film stars in an attempt to capture Chinese audiences. Although the film was considered to be a box office failure in China, the intent was clear and compelling. Other film studios such as Pixar have been making these minor adjustments to appeal to international audiences for years.

The film was released for digital download on May 9, 2017, and on DVD, Blu-ray on May 23, 2017.

"The Great Wall" grossed $45.5 million in the United States and Canada, and $289.4 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $334.9 million, against a production budget of $150 million.

In China, "The Great Wall" opened on December 16, 2016, and made $24.3 million on its first day and $67.4 million in its opening weekend. In the second weekend, it grossed $26.1 million. The film went on to gross $170.9 million at the Chinese box office, which is considered a disappointment.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened alongside "A Cure for Wellness" and "Fist Fight", and was projected to gross $17–19 million from about 3,200 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $970,000 at 2,470 theaters from Thursday night previews, and $5.9 million on its first day. It went on to open to $18.1 million, finishing third at the box office, behind holdovers "The Lego Batman Movie" and "Fifty Shades Darker", and eventually grossing $45.2 million. The film joined "Terminator Genisys", "Warcraft" and fellow 2017 release "" as the only Hollywood films to earn $100 million in China without making $100 million in the United States.

In March 2017, "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote that the film was likely to lose about $75 million due to its underwhelming performance theatrically, as its performance in most major markets, including the United States and Canada, was disappointing. The loss incurred by all four studios will however vary, with Universal Pictures, which funded about 25% of the film's $150 million production budget, losing around $10 million. The rest of the investors, Legendary Entertainment, China Film Group and Le Vision Pictures, will have an equal loss. However, since Universal also covered almost all of the film's global marketing expenses (which were above $80 million), the studio will incur an even more heavy loss. However, if the film was able to generate enough income through ancillary revenues (such as home entertainment sales and TV rights), it might be able to cover up the loss. In March 2018, "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the film lost the studio $74.5 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

On Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, the film has an approval rating of 36% based on 223 reviews, and an average rating of 4.93/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "For a Yimou Zhang film featuring Matt Damon and Willem Dafoe battling ancient monsters, "The Great Wall" is neither as exciting nor as entertainingly bonkers as one might hope." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 42 out of 100, based on 40 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

Ignatiy Vishnevetsky, writing for "The A.V. Club", gave the film a B− on an A to F scale, saying: "There is no logical reason for the film to climax in a tower of stained glass that paints Lin Mae and William in psychedelic "Suspiria" lighting, but boy does it look gorgeous in 3-D." Simon Abrams, a contributor for RogerEbert.com, gave the film a 3 out of 4 stars, summarizing: ""The Great Wall" is unlike any American blockbuster you've seen, a conservative movie with action set pieces that are actually inventive and thrilling enough to be worthwhile. See it on as big a screen as you can."

Clarence Tsui, writing for "The Hollywood Reporter", gave the film a negative review, saying: ""The Great Wall" is easily the least interesting and involving blockbuster of the respective careers of both its director and star."

Because some of the characters, including a main character played by Matt Damon, are white in a film set in medieval China, the film was accused of whitewashing and using the white savior narrative prior to its release. Ann Hornaday, chief film critic for "The Washington Post", wrote that "early concerns about Damon playing a 'white savior' in the film turn out to be unfounded: his character, a mercenary soldier, is heroic, but also clearly a foil for the superior principles and courage of his Chinese allies." Jonathan Kim, in a review for "the Huffington Post", writes that "having seen "The Great Wall", I can say that ... on the charge of "The Great Wall" insulting the Chinese and promoting white superiority, I say: Not Guilty. The question of whether "The Great Wall" is a white savior movie is a bit trickier, but I'm still going to say Not Guilty. ... On the charge of whitewashing, I say: Not Guilty."

Director Zhang said that Damon was not playing a role that was intended for a Chinese actor. He criticized detractors for not being "armed with the facts" and stated that "In many ways "The Great Wall" is the opposite of what is being suggested. For the first time, a film deeply rooted in Chinese culture, with one of the largest Chinese casts ever assembled, is being made at tentpole scale for a world audience. I believe that is a trend that should be embraced by our industry."

The film's largest investor, the Wanda Group (owner of Legendary Pictures) has a good relationship with the Chinese government and the Communist Party of China. As of July 2017, users of film review website Douban rated "The Great Wall" 4.9 out of 10, which is considered very low. On Maoyan, another film review aggregator, the "professional score" is 4.9 out of 10. On December 28, 2016, the Communist Party's official media outlet "People's Daily" published an article on its website severely criticizing Douban and Maoyan for doing harm to the Chinese movie industry with their bad reviews. On the same day, Maoyan took down its 'professional score' for "The Great Wall".



</doc>
<doc id="43904712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43904712" title="The Last Face">
The Last Face

The Last Face is a 2016 American drama film directed by Sean Penn and written by Erin Dignam. The film stars Charlize Theron, Javier Bardem, Adèle Exarchopoulos, and Jean Reno. It was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, debuting to generally poor reviews. The film was released on DirecTV on June 29, 2017, before being released on video on demand and in theaters on July 28, 2017, by Saban Films.

Wren is a physician and activist working in West Africa with the organization Doctors of the World that her dead father started so many years ago. She's happy to lead the organization, but frequently finds herself negatively comparing herself to her father's achievements. During 2003 Wren meets Miguel, a handsome surgeon who has also devoted himself to treating people from impoverished and war torn sections of the world. The two fall in love, however Wren soon discovers that Miguel has had a prior sexual relationship with her cousin, which contributes to the decay of their relationship.


On April 10, 2014, it was announced Sean Penn would direct the film, with Charlize Theron and Javier Bardem set to star in the film. Principal photography began on August 1, 2014, in Cape Town.

The film premiered at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival on May 20, 2016. On September 8, 2016, Saban Films acquired U.S distribution rights to the film. The film was released on DirecTV on June 29, 2017, before being released on video on demand and in theaters on July 28, 2017, by Saban Films.

The reception for "The Last Face" at Cannes was very negative and "The Sydney Morning Herald" reported that the film was booed during its screening. As of November 2019, the film holds a rating of 8% on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 48 reviews, with an average rating of 2.7/10. "The Hollywood Reporter" panned the film, writing "A backdrop of Third World atrocity, suffering and merciless human-rights violations serves as the canvas for a faux-profound Hollywood love story in Sean Penn's stunningly self-important but numbingly empty cocktail of romance and insulting refugee porn, "The Last Face"." "The Guardian" and "The Telegraph" were equally dismissive, with "The Guardian" commenting that "Charlize Theron and Javier Bardem give career worst performances as doctors falling in love in west Africa while black characters are relegated to the background".



</doc>
<doc id="43905679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43905679" title="On the Loose (1951 film)">
On the Loose (1951 film)

On the Loose is a 1951 American drama film directed by Charles Lederer and written by Dale Eunson and Katherine Albert. The film stars Joan Evans, Melvyn Douglas, Lynn Bari, Robert Arthur and Hugh O'Brian. The film was released on September 28, 1951, by RKO Pictures.

Just a teenager, Jill Bradley has become suicidal over recent events. Almost everything in her life has gone wrong since her birthday, which her parents all but ignored, going out for the evening and leaving her by herself with a cake.

Alice and Frank Bradley continue to neglect their daughter. Alice scolds her for buying a new dress. Frank says she can keep it if she does household chores, then becomes furious after Jill sneaks out to see boyfriend Larry Lindsay and coming home late, smelling of liquor.

Unjust rumors are spread about Jill's reputation and teachers treat her unfairly as well. Classmates refuse to come to her home when invited and one provokes a fight. Frank, called to the school, slaps Jill rather than trust her. Larry's influence is a factor in her life. After ordering them champagne in a restaurant by pretending it's for their parents, he gets her into more trouble, then breaks up with her.

Frank tries to make amends to his daughter by taking her to a roadhouse and dancing together. Larry enters and wrongly assumes Frank is a date, insulting Jill as a girl of low morals. Frank strikes the boy and ends up under arrest for assault.

In court, although her father has advised her to keep silent, Jill testifies as to why Frank did what he did. The court lets him go, he and Alice vow to become better parents, and when they throw Jill a party, all her old school friends are there.



</doc>
<doc id="43910062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43910062" title="Step by Step (1946 film)">
Step by Step (1946 film)

Step by Step is a 1946 American drama film directed by Phil Rosen, written by Stuart Palmer, and starring Lawrence Tierney, Anne Jeffreys, Lowell Gilmore, Myrna Dell, Harry Harvey, Sr. and Addison Richards. It was released on August 30, 1946, by RKO Pictures.

A secretary, Evelyn Smith, lands a job working for Remmy, a Senator. One day while swimming, she encounters Johnny Christopher, a passerby who stopped to admire her. Johnny just returned from active duty in the Pacific during WWII. He and his war dog, Bazuka, flirt with Evelyn who smiles and then returns to Remmy's home.

Johnny locks himself out of his car, so on foot (and in his bathing suit) he makes his way to Remmy's nearby home. A strange woman answers the door and claims to be Evelyn, confusing Johnny. The more he snoops around, the more he is convinced that something is wrong, but the police refuse to believe him.

Johnny sneaks back into Remmy's home, donning clothes he finds laying around. Enemy agents have tied up Remmy, the real Evelyn and the senator's chauffeur. They are searching for a list in the Senator's possession, but Johnny accidentally ends up with possession of it due to his new wardrobe. The chauffeur is shot, the Senator is unconscious and a government operative, James Blackton is dead. The chauffeur escapes and brings in the police and the coroner. The Senator comes around and the police are sure it is an inside job, with Evelyn and Johnny as the prime suspects.

Fleeing for their lives, Evelyn and Johnny end up at a motel run by Capt. Caleb Simpson and gain his trust. Unbeknownst to them, the enemy agents are also staying at the motel. Evelyn and Johnny track down the chauffeur and try to get information about the list from him. The chauffeur is about to spill the beans when the enemy agents shoot him through the open window. The enemy agents make a quick get-away, and Capt. Simpson helps Evelyn and Johnny escape from the police. 

The enemy agents connect Johnny, Bazuka and the borrowed clothes. The spies decide the list must be in the jacket and then discover Evelyn and Johnny's hiding place at the motel. Johnny tells them he disposed of the jacket in the sea. The enemy agents knock out Johnny and Evelyn. After finding the jacket in the back of Johnny's car, and the list in the jacket pocket, the enemy agents plan to dispose of Evelyn and Johnny. They drive off with Johnny in the trunk and Evelyn wrapped up in the back seat. The police arrive and search the motel. They find a letter Johnny was writing to the Senator. After getting stopped at a police barricade, they are recognized and escape after shooting a police officer. Johnny tries to signal with the tail lights in Morse code. 

The enemy agents plan to scuttle a boat with Evelyn and Johnny aboard. While in the boathouse, Johnny breaks loose and fights with the 2 male enemy agents and Evelyn takes care of the female agent. Capt. Caleb arrives with the police to place the enemy agents under arrest. 

Evelyn and Johnny marry with Bazuka and Capt. Caleb in tow.


</doc>
<doc id="43910621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43910621" title="Star Wars: The Last Jedi">
Star Wars: The Last Jedi

Star Wars: The Last Jedi (also known as Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi) is a 2017 American epic space-opera film written and directed by Rian Johnson. It is the second installment of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, following "" (2015), and it is the eighth episode of the nine-part "Skywalker saga". It was produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film's ensemble cast includes Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Andy Serkis, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, and Gwendoline Christie in returning roles, with Kelly Marie Tran, Laura Dern, and Benicio del Toro joining the cast. It features the first posthumous film performance by Fisher, who died in December 2016, and the film is dedicated to her memory.

"The Last Jedi" follows Rey as she seeks the aid of Luke Skywalker, in hopes of turning the tide for the Resistance in the fight against Kylo Ren and the First Order, while General Leia Organa, Finn, and Poe Dameron attempt to escape a First Order attack on the dwindling Resistance fleet. "The Last Jedi" is part of a new trilogy of films announced after Disney's acquisition of Lucasfilm in October 2012. It was produced by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy and Ram Bergman and executive produced by "The Force Awakens" director J. J. Abrams. John Williams, composer for the previous episodic films, returned to compose the score. A number of scenes were filmed at Skellig Michael in Ireland during pre-production in September 2015, but principal photography began at Pinewood Studios in England in February 2016 and wrapped in July 2016. Post-production was finished in September 2017.

"The Last Jedi" had its world premiere at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on December 9, 2017, and was released in the United States on December 15, 2017. It grossed over $1.3billion worldwide, becoming the highest-grossing film of 2017, the seventh-highest-grossing film in North America, and the ninth-highest-grossing film of all time during its theatrical run. It is also the second-highest-grossing "Star Wars" film and turned a net profit of over $417 million. The film received positive reviews, with praise for its ensemble cast, musical score, visual effects, action sequences and emotional weight. The film received four nominations at the 90th Academy Awards, including Best Original Score and Best Visual Effects, as well as two nominations at the 71st British Academy Film Awards. A sequel, "", was released on December 20, 2019.

Shortly after the destruction of Starkiller Base, General Leia Organa leads the evacuation of Resistance forces from D'Qar, when a First Order fleet arrives. Against Leia's orders, Poe Dameron leads a costly counterattack that destroys a First Order dreadnought. The remaining Resistance escapes into hyperspace, but the First Order uses a device to track them, and attacks again. Kylo Ren hesitates to fire on the lead Resistance ship after sensing his mother Leia's presence on board, but his wingmen destroy the bridge, killing most of the Resistance's leaders. Leia is dragged into space, but survives by using the Force. While Leia recovers, Vice Admiral Amilyn Holdo assumes command of the Resistance. Running low on fuel, the remaining fleet is pursued by the First Order.

On Ahch-To, Rey attempts to recruit Luke Skywalker to the Resistance. Under self-imposed exile, Luke refuses to help and says that the Jedi should end. After encouragement from R2-D2, he agrees to give Rey three lessons in the ways of the Force. Rey and Kylo begin communicating through the Force, which puzzles them both. After Kylo tells Rey what happened between him and Luke that caused him to choose the dark side, Luke confesses that he momentarily contemplated killing Kylo upon sensing that Snoke was corrupting him; this prompted Kylo to destroy Luke's new Jedi Order. Convinced that Kylo can be redeemed, Rey leaves Ahch-To. Luke prepares to burn the Jedi library, but hesitates. The spirit of Luke's master, Yoda, appears and destroys the library by summoning a bolt of lightning. He encourages Luke to learn from his failure.

Meanwhile, Poe entrusts Finn, mechanic Rose Tico, and BB-8 with a secret mission to deactivate the First Order's tracking device. Maz Kanata directs them to the casino town of Canto Bight, where they meet the hacker DJ. Pursued by the local security, they escape the city with the help of stablehand children and racing animals they set free. Finn, Rose, and DJ infiltrate Snoke's flagship, but are captured by Captain Phasma. Kylo brings Rey to Snoke, who reveals that he created the connection between her and Kylo to discover Luke's whereabouts. 

Holdo plans to evacuate the remaining members of the Resistance using small transport vessels. Believing her plan to be cowardly and futile, Poe leads a mutiny. Leia recovers and stuns Poe with a blaster, allowing the evacuation to proceed. Holdo remains aboard the ship as a decoy to mislead Snoke's fleet as the others flee to an abandoned base on Crait. DJ buys his freedom by revealing the Resistance's plan to General Hux, and the First Order fleet begins firing on the evacuation transports, destroying many.

Ordered to kill Rey, Kylo instead kills Snoke and defeats his Praetorian Guard with her help. Rey hopes that Kylo has abandoned the dark side, but he instead asks her to rule the galaxy with him. Refusing, she battles him for control of Luke’s lightsaber, bisecting the weapon. Holdo sacrifices herself by slicing through Snoke's flagship at lightspeed, crippling the First Order fleet. Rey escapes the destruction while Kylo declares himself Supreme Leader. BB-8 frees Finn and Rose; they defeat Phasma and join the survivors on Crait. When the First Order arrives, Poe, Finn, and Rose attack with obsolete speeders. Rey and Chewbacca draw TIE fighters away in the "Millennium Falcon", while Rose stops Finn from sacrificing himself. The First Order penetrates the Resistance fortress using a siege cannon.

Luke appears and confronts the First Order, allowing the surviving Resistance to escape. Kylo orders the First Order's forces to fire on Luke, but they fail to harm him. He then engages Luke in a lightsaber duel; upon striking Luke, Kylo realizes that Luke is not physically present, but projecting his image through the Force. Rey helps the remaining Resistance escape on the "Falcon". An exhausted Luke dies peacefully on Ahch-To, becoming one with the Force. Rey and Leia sense his death, and Leia tells Rey that the Resistance can rise again.

At Canto Bight, the stablehands recount the story of Luke Skywalker; afterward, one of them moves a broom with the Force and gazes into space.

Frank Oz reprises his role as Yoda, the deceased former Jedi Master and Luke's wise mentor, who appears as a Force spirit. Joonas Suotamo appears as Chewbacca, taking over the role from Peter Mayhew after previously serving as his body double in "The Force Awakens." Mayhew, who was 73 years old and suffering from chronic knee and back pain, is credited as "Chewbacca consultant". Billie Lourd, Mike Quinn, and Timothy D. Rose reprise their roles as Lieutenant Connix, Nien Nunb, and Admiral Ackbar respectively. Due to the death of Erik Bauersfeld, Admiral Ackbar is now voiced by Tom Kane. Amanda Lawrence appears as Commander D'Acy, and Mark Lewis Jones and Adrian Edmondson play Captains Canady and Peavey respectively. BB-8 is controlled by puppeteers Dave Chapman and Brian Herring, with initial voice work by Ben Schwartz and final sound effects voiced by Bill Hader modulated through a synthesizer. Jimmy Vee portrays R2-D2, taking over the role from Kenny Baker, who died on August 13, 2016. Veronica Ngo portrays Rose's sister Paige Tico, a Resistance gunner who sacrifices her life to destroy a First Order dreadnought.

Justin Theroux plays the master codebreaker. Lily Cole plays his companion. Joseph Gordon-Levitt has a voice cameo as Slowen Lo. Warwick Davis plays Wodibin. Gareth Edwards, director of the "Star Wars Anthology" film "Rogue One", has a cameo appearance as a Resistance Soldier, as does Gary Barlow. Edgar Wright and Joe Cornish also cameo in the film. Hermione Corfield appears as Tallissan "Tallie" Lintra, a Resistance A-Wing pilot and squadron leader. Noah Segan and Jamie Christopher appear as Resistance pilots Starck and Tubbs. Hugh Skinner cameos as a Resistance Officer. Hamill's children, Griffin, Nathan, and Chelsea, cameo as Resistance soldiers. Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry filmed cameo appearances as stormtroopers. Tom Hardy also filmed an appearance as a stormtrooper, but his cameo was dropped from the final cut.

In October 2012, "Star Wars" creator George Lucas sold his production company Lucasfilm, and with it the "Star Wars" franchise, to The Walt Disney Company. Disney announced a new trilogy of "Star Wars" films. J. J. Abrams was named director of the first episode in the trilogy, "The Force Awakens", in January 2013. In June 2014, director Rian Johnson was reported to be in talks to write and direct its sequel, "Episode VIII", and to write a treatment for the third film, "Episode IX", with Ram Bergman producing both films. Johnson confirmed in August 2014 that he would direct "Episode VIII". In September, filmmaker Terry Gilliam asked Johnson about what it felt like to take over something made famous by another filmmaker. Johnson responded:

In December 2015, Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy said "we haven't mapped out every single detail [of the sequel trilogy] yet" and that Abrams was collaborating with Johnson and that Johnson would in turn work with (then) "Episode IX" director Colin Trevorrow to ensure a smooth transition. Abrams is an executive producer along with Jason McGatlin and Tom Karnowski. 

Carrie Fisher died in December 2016. Lucasfilm announced the title for episode VIII as "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", on January 23, 2017. Prior to the release of episode IX Carrie's brother Todd Fisher revealed the view that: “She was going to be the big payoff in the final film,” “She was going to be the last Jedi, so to speak.”

The "Last Jedi" story begins immediately after "The Force Awakens". Johnson had his story group watch films such as "Twelve O'Clock High", "The Bridge on the River Kwai", "Gunga Din", "Three Outlaw Samurai", "Sahara", and "Letter Never Sent" for inspiration while developing ideas. He felt it was difficult to work on the film while "The Force Awakens" was being finished.

Johnson wrote the scene with the mirrored versions of Rey to symbolise her search for identity; when she asks for a vision of her parents, she sees only herself. Rey learns that her parents were "nobodies" as it would be "the hardest thing" she and the audience could hear; Johnson likened the scene to Luke learning that Darth Vader is his father in "The Empire Strikes Back." He said: "The easiest thing for Rey and the audience to hear is, Oh yeah, you’re so-and-so's daughter. That would be wish fulfillment and instantly hand her a place in this story on a silver platter. The hardest thing for her is to hear she’s not going to get that easy answer ... You’re going to have to find the strength to stand on your own two feet and define yourself in this story."

During production, Hamill expressed disagreement with the direction of his character, Luke Skywalker, feeling Luke's disillusioned state was at odds with character. Hamill later said he regretted making his initial misgivings public and compared his disagreements to his clashes with George Lucas during the filming of "Return of the Jedi".

In September 2015, Disney shortlisted the female cast members to Gina Rodriguez, Tatiana Maslany, and Olivia Cooke. Later that month, Benicio del Toro confirmed that he would play a villain in the film, and Mark Hamill was also confirmed. In October 2015, Gugu Mbatha-Raw was rumored to have been cast in the film. In November, Jimmy Vee was cast as R2-D2. In November, Kennedy announced at the London premiere of "The Force Awakens" that the entire cast would return for "Episode VIII", along with "a handful" of new cast members. In February 2016, at the start of filming, it was confirmed that Laura Dern and Kelly Marie Tran had been cast in unspecified roles. In April 2017, at "Star Wars" Celebration Orlando, Lucasfilm announced that Tran plays Resistance maintenance worker Rose Tico, which Johnson described as the film's largest new role. To keep Frank Oz's return as Yoda a secret, producers excluded Oz's name in the billing for the film's pre-release marketing and ensured that Oz stayed on set during filming.

Second unit photography began during pre-production at Skellig Michael in Ireland on September 14, 2015, due to the difficulties of filming at that location during other seasons. It would have lasted four days, but filming was canceled for the first day due to poor weather and rough conditions. In November 2014, Ivan Dunleavy, chief executive of Pinewood Studios, confirmed that the film would be shot at Pinewood, with additional filming in Mexico. In September 2015, del Toro revealed that principal photography would begin in March 2016; Kennedy later said filming would begin in January 2016. The production began work on the 007 Stage at Pinewood Studios on November 15, 2015. Rick Heinrichs served as production designer.

In January 2016, production of "Episode VIII" was delayed until February due to script rewrites. Filming was in danger of being delayed further due to an upcoming strike between the Producers Alliance for Cinema and Television and the Broadcasting, Entertainment, Cinematograph and Theatre Union. On February 10, 2016, Disney CEO Bob Iger confirmed that principal photography had begun under the working title "Space Bear". Additional filming took place in Dubrovnik, Croatia from March 9 to 16, as well as in Ireland in May. Malin Head in County Donegal and a mountain headland, Ceann Sibeal in County Kerry, served as additional filming locations. To increase the scenes' intimacy Driver and Ridley were both present when filming Kylo and Rey's Force visions. Location filming for the battle scenes on the planet Crait took place in July at the Salar de Uyuni salt flats in Bolivia.

Principal photography wrapped on July 22, 2016, though as of early September, Nyong'o had not filmed her scenes. In February 2017, it was announced that sequences from the film were shot in IMAX. Production designer Rick Heinrichs said the original screenplay called for 160 sets, double what might be expected, but that Johnson did some "trimming and cutting". Ultimately 125 sets were created on 14 sound stages at Pinewood Studios.

According to creature designer Neal Scanlan, "The Last Jedi" uses more practical effects than any "Star Wars" film, with 180 to 200 creatures created with practical effects, some cut from the final edit. For Yoda's appearance in the film as a Force ghost, the character was created using puppetry, as was done in the original "Star Wars" trilogy (as opposed to computer-generated imagery, which was used to create Yoda in most of the prequel trilogy).

The film contains a reference to the 1985 Terry Gilliam film "Brazil" in its Canto Bight sequence, in which Finn and Rose are arrested for committing parking violation "27B/6".

In July 2013, Kennedy announced at Star Wars Celebration Europe that John Williams would return to score the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy. Williams confirmed his assignment for "The Last Jedi" at a Tanglewood concert in August 2016, stating he would begin recording the score "off and on" in December 2016 until March or April 2017. On February 21, 2017, it was confirmed that recording was underway, with both Williams and William Ross conducting the sessions.

In lieu of a traditional spotting session with Johnson, Williams was provided a temp track of music from his previous film scores as a reference for scoring "The Last Jedi". The score briefly quotes "Aquarela do Brasil" by Ary Barroso in its "Canto Bight" track as another reference to the film "Brazil". It also contains a brief quote of Williams performing his own theme for "The Long Goodbye" (co-composed by Johnny Mercer) during Finn and Rose's escape, but this is not in the official soundtrack release.

The official soundtrack album was released by Walt Disney Records on December 15, 2017 in digipak CD, digital formats, and streaming services.

In January 2015, Disney CEO Bob Iger stated that "Episode VIII" would be released in 2017, and in March, Lucasfilm announced a release date of May 26, 2017. In January 2016, "The Last Jedi" was rescheduled for December 15, 2017 in 3D and IMAX 3D. On January 23, 2017, the film's title was announced as "Star Wars: The Last Jedi". Similarly to "The Empire Strikes Back", "Return of the Jedi" and "The Force Awakens", "Episode VIII" was included in the film's opening crawl.

"The Last Jedi" had its world premiere at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on December 9, 2017. The European premiere was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London on December 12, 2017, with a red carpet event.

It was reported that Disney had placed notable conditions on U.S. cinemas screening "The Last Jedi", which some operators described as onerous. Disney required that the film be screened in a cinema's largest auditorium for a four-week period (other Disney releases have had similar clauses, but only for two weeks), and was given a 65% cut of ticket sales (a percentage higher than the 55–60% average of other major films, and cited as the highest split ever demanded by a Hollywood film behind the 64% split of "The Force Awakens"). The agreement, which was required to be kept confidential, also contained regulations on promotions and restrictions on removing any scheduled screening. Violations were to be penalized with an additional 5% cut of ticket sales. Because of this, some cinemas declined to screen the film, particularly smaller or one-screen cinemas that would otherwise be barred from screening any other film during the commitment period. Industry representatives considered this policy reasonable, citing the performance of Disney releases and the "Star Wars" franchise, and that the guaranteed business attracted by the film, and concession sales, would make up for the larger cut of ticket sales.

A set of eight promotional postage stamps were released on October 12, 2017, in the UK by the Royal Mail with artwork by Malcolm Tween. On September 19, 2017, Australia Post released a set of stamp packs. Tie-in promotional campaigns were done with Nissan Motors and Bell Media, among others. Two main trailers were released, followed by numerous television spots. Figurines of many of the characters were released in October, and advance tickets for "Last Jedi" went on sale in October.

Several tie-in books were released on the same day of the North American release of the movie, including "The Last Jedi: Visual Dictionary", and various children's reading and activity books. Related novelizations included the prequel book "Cobalt Squadron", and the "Canto Bight", a collection of novellas about the Canto Bight Casino.

As with "The Force Awakens", there is no official tie-in game for "The Last Jedi", in favor of integrating content from the film into other "Star Wars" video games, including "Star Wars Battlefront II", which introduced various content from the film, during the second week of the game's first "season". An update to the MOBA mobile game "" added new content from the sequel era, including some characters as they appeared in "The Last Jedi". Characters from the film also appeared in the mobile RPG "".

Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment released "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" digitally in HD and 4K via digital download and Movies Anywhere on March 13, 2018, with an Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray, and DVD physical release on March 27. It was the first "Star Wars" film to be released on the Ultra HD Blu-ray format.

The official novelization is by Jason Fry, with an audiobook version narrated by Marc Thompson. There is a "junior novel" by Michael Kogge (2018 Lucasfilm Press), and an audiobook version narrated by Jessica Almasy.

"Star Wars: The Last Jedi " grossed $620.2million in the United States and Canada, and $712.6million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $1.333billion. It had a worldwide opening of $450.8million, the seventh-biggest of all time, including $40.6million that was attributed to IMAX screenings, the second biggest for IMAX. It was estimated that the film would need to gross $800million worldwide to break even; "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $417.5 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues, making it the most profitable release of 2017.

On December 31, 2017, its 17th day of release, it passed the $1 billion threshold, becoming the fourth film of 2017, the fifteenth Disney film, the fourth "Star Wars" film and the thirty-second film overall to pass the mark. The film was the highest-grossing film of 2017, the second highest-grossing film in the series (behind "The Force Awakens"), the fourth highest-grossing film released by Walt Disney Studios, the sixth highest-grossing film in North America, and the ninth-highest-grossing film of all time.

Pre-sale tickets went on sale in the United States on October 9, 2017, and as with "The Force Awakens" and "Rogue One", ticket service sites such as Fandango had their servers crash due to heavy traffic and demand. In the United States and Canada, industry tracking had "The Last Jedi" grossing around $200million from 4,232 theaters in its opening weekend. The film made $45million from Thursday night previews, the second-highest amount ever (behind "The Force Awakens" $57million). It went on to make $104.8million on its first day (including previews), and $220million over the weekend, both the second-highest amounts of all time. The opening weekend figure included an IMAX opening-weekend of $25million, the biggest IMAX opening of the year, and the second biggest ever behind "The Force Awakens".

After dropping by 76% on its second Friday, the worst Friday-to-Friday drop in the series, the film fell by a total of 67.5% in its second weekend, grossing $71.6million. It was the largest second-weekend drop of the series, although it remained atop the box office. The three day total was the 14th biggest second weekend of all time. It grossed an additional $27.5million on Christmas Day, the second biggest Christmas Day gross of all time behind "The Force Awakens" ($49.3million), for a four-day weekend total of $99million. It made $52.4 million in its third weekend, again topping the box office. It also brought its domestic total to $517.1 million, overtaking fellow Disney vehicle "Beauty and the Beast" as the highest of 2017. It was the sixth biggest third weekend of all time. It had the seventh biggest New Year's Day gross of all time with $14.3 million, bringing the four day total to $66.8 million. It grossed $23.7 million and was surpassed the following weekend by "" (which was in its third week) and "".

In its first two days of release the film made $60.8million from 48 markets. The top countries were the United Kingdom ($10.2million), Germany ($6.1million), France ($6million), Australia ($5.6million) and Brazil ($2.5million). By the end of the weekend, the film made $230.8million outside the US and Canada, the ninth-highest of all time. This included $36.7million in the UK (third-highest), $23.6million in Germany (second-highest), $18.1million in France, $15.9million in Australia (second-highest), $14.4million in Japan, $8.5million in Russia, $8.3million in Spain, $7.2million in Brazil, $7million in Italy and Mexico, $6.0million in Sweden and $5.1million in South Korea. On its second weekend, it grossed $76.1million overseas and became the fourth-highest-grossing film of the year in Europe. As of January 21, the largest markets outside of the United States and Canada are the United Kingdom ($109.3million), Germany ($79.8million), France ($63.5million), Japan ($60.8million) and Australia ($43.5million).

The film had a $28.7 million opening weekend in China, the lowest for a "Star Wars" film in that country since 2005. "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" opened to $52 million two years prior and "Rogue One", which featured Chinese stars Donnie Yen and Jiang Wen, opened to $30 million in 2016. "The Last Jedi" added only $7 million during the week, to reach a total of $34.2 million in its first seven days. A week after its debut, China's movie exhibitors dropped the film's showtimes by 92 percent, from its 34.5% percent share of the territory's total screenings. The film grossed $910,000 in its third weekend, dropping to ninth place at the Chinese box office, overshadowed by new releases including Bollywood film "Secret Superstar", Hollywood films "Ferdinand" and "Wonder", and Chinese film "A Better Tomorrow 2018". "The Last Jedi" grossed $41million in China, as of January 21, 2018.

The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 91% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 460 reviews, with an average rating of 8.09/10. The website's critics consensus reads, ""Star Wars: The Last Jedi" honors the saga's rich legacy while adding some surprising twists — and delivering all the emotion-rich action fans could hope for." At Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 85 out of 100 based on 56 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".

Matt Zoller Seitz of RogerEbert.com gave the film four out of four stars, praising the surprises and risks that it took, writing that "The movie works equally well as an earnest adventure full of passionate heroes and villains and a meditation on sequels and franchise properties ... [The film] is preoccupied with questions of legacy, legitimacy and succession, and includes multiple debates over whether one should replicate or reject the stories and symbols of the past." Writing for "Rolling Stone", Peter Travers gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, praising the cast and the direction: "You're in hyper-skilled hands with Johnson who makes sure you leave the multiplex feeling euphoric. The middle part of the current trilogy, "The Last Jedi" ranks with the very best "Star Wars" epics (even the pinnacle that is "The Empire Strikes Back") by pointing the way ahead to a next generation of skywalkers – and, thrillingly, to a new hope."

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3.5/4 stars, saying, ""Star Wars: The Last Jedi" ... doesn't pack quite the same emotional punch [as "The Force Awakens"] and it lags a bit in the second half, [but] this is still a worthy chapter in the "Star Wars" franchise, popping with exciting action sequences, sprinkled with good humor and containing more than a few nifty 'callbacks' to previous characters and iconic moments." For "The Hollywood Reporter", Todd McCarthy said, "Loaded with action and satisfying in the ways its loyal audience wants it to be, writer-director Rian Johnson's plunge into George Lucas' universe is generally pleasing even as it sometimes strains to find useful and/or interesting things for some of its characters to do."

Will Gompertz, arts editor of BBC News, gave the film 4/5 stars, writing "Rian Johnson ... has not ruined your Christmas with a turkey. His gift to you is a cracker, a blockbuster movie packed with invention, wit, and action galore." Mark Kermode, British film critic, gave the film 4/5 stars saying Johnson "proves himself the master of the balancing act, keeping the warring forces of this intergalactic franchise in near-perfect harmony." The unpredictability of the plot was appreciated by reviewers such as Alex Leadbeater of Screen Rant, who commented specifically that the death of Snoke was "the best movie twist in years". Creator of the franchise George Lucas, who wasn't involved with the film's production, described "The Last Jedi" as "beautifully made" shortly after its release. His reaction to "" was generally more negative.

Conversely, Richard Brody of "The New Yorker" wrote, "Despite a few stunning decorative touches (most of which involve the color red) and that brief central sequence of multiple Reys, the movie comes off as a work that's ironed out, flattened down, appallingly purified. Above all, it delivers a terrifyingly calculated consensus storytelling, an artificial universality that is achieved, in part, through express religious references." Kate Taylor of "The Globe and Mail" gave the film 2/4 stars, saying the film suffered from too many new additions and writing, "Nifty new animals, a maturing villain, a flagging heroine, muffled humour – as it seeks to uphold a giant cultural legacy, this unfolding trilogy struggles to maintain a balance that often seems just out of reach." Owen Gleiberman of "Variety" criticized the film for being too derivative of the past movies by saying that "it's now repeating things that have already been repeated. The rebels-up-against-it plot, with our heroes worn down to the nub of their fighting spirit, feels like a rehash of what we went through a year ago in "Rogue One", and the attempts to echo the look and mood and darkening design of "The Empire Strikes Back" now make clear that the new trilogy is an official monument to nostalgia."

Audience reception measured by scientific polling methods was highly positive. Audiences randomly polled by CinemaScore on opening day gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale. Surveys from SurveyMonkey and comScore's PostTrak found that 89% of audience members graded the film positively, including a rare five-star rating.

User-generated scores at Rotten Tomatoes and Metacritic were more negative. At Rotten Tomatoes, 43% of users rated the film 3.5 stars or higher out of 5, while at Metacritic, the average user score is 4.4 out of 10. Audience scores on such sites require only registration and do not ensure that contributing voters have seen the film. Several reviewers speculated that coordinated vote brigading from internet groups and bots contributed to the low scores. "Quartz" noted that some new accounts gave negative ratings to both "The Last Jedi" and "", while "Bleeding Cool" stated that reviews for "Thor: Ragnarok" had tapered off but then "skyrocketed". In response to tampering claims shortly after the film's release, a Fandango executive stated that Rotten Tomatoes detected no unusual activity on "The Last Jedi" aside from a noticeable "uptick in the number of written user reviews". In 2019, a Rotten Tomatoes spokesperson said the film had been "seriously targeted" by a review-bombing campaign.

Reviewers characterized "The Last Jedi" as divisive among audiences. Emily VanDerWerff of "Vox" found that dissatisfied fans saw the film as too progressive, disliked its humor, plot, or character arcs, or felt betrayed that it ignored fan theories. Other reviewers made similar observations. Particularly divisive was the reveal that Rey's parents are insignificant; many fans had expected her to be Luke's daughter or to share a lineage with another character from the original trilogy. There was also sentiment that Snoke's character was underdeveloped and that Luke's actions contradicted his previous heroic portrayal. Reviewers stated that fan theories were held so strongly among some viewers that it was difficult for them to accept different stories, but that other viewers appreciated the film's action, tone, and deviation from "Star Wars" tradition.

"", the final installment of the sequel trilogy, was released on December 20, 2019. Principal photography began on August 1, 2018. Colin Trevorrow was expected to direct the film, but on September 5, 2017, Lucasfilm announced that he had stepped down. A week later, Lucasfilm announced that J. J. Abrams would return to direct "The Rise of Skywalker" and co-write it with Chris Terrio.



</doc>
<doc id="43910702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43910702" title="Minnie the Moocher (film)">
Minnie the Moocher (film)

Minnie the Moocher (1932) is a Betty Boop cartoon produced by Fleischer Studios and released by Paramount Pictures.

The cartoon opens with a live action sequence of Cab Calloway and his orchestra performing an instrumental rendition of "St. James Infirmary". Then Betty Boop gets into a fight with her strict, Yiddish speaking, Jewish parents, and as a result, runs away from home with her boyfriend Bimbo, and sings excerpts of the Harry Von Tilzer song "They Always Pick on Me" (1911) and the song "Mean to Me" (1929).

Betty and Bimbo end up in a cave with a walrus, which has Cab Calloway's voice, who sings "Minnie the Moocher" and dances to the melancholy song. Calloway is joined in the performance by various ghosts, goblins, skeletons, and other frightening things. Betty and Bimbo are subjected to skeletons drinking at a bar; ghost prisoners sitting in electric chairs; a cat with empty eye-sockets feeding her equally empty-eyed kittens; and so on. Betty and Bimbo both change their minds about running away and rush back home with every ghost right behind them. Betty makes it safely back to her home and hides under the blankets of her bed. As she shakes in terror, the note she earlier wrote to her parents tears, leaving "Home Sweet Home" on it. The film ends with Calloway performing the instrumental "Vine Street Blues".

Clips of the redrawn colorized version were used in the compilation movie "Betty Boop for President: The Movie" (1980).



</doc>
<doc id="43910733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43910733" title="Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker">
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker

Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker (also known as Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker) is a 2019 American epic space opera film produced, , and directed by J. J. Abrams. It is the third installment of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, following "The Force Awakens" (2015) and "The Last Jedi" (2017), and the final episode of the nine-part "Skywalker saga". It was produced by Lucasfilm and Abrams's production company Bad Robot Productions and was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film's ensemble cast includes Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Anthony Daniels, Kelly Marie Tran, Naomi Ackie, Domhnall Gleeson, Richard E. Grant, Lupita Nyong'o, Keri Russell, Joonas Suotamo, Ian McDiarmid, and Billy Dee Williams. It features the second posthumous film performance by Fisher, who died in 2016 and appears through the use of unused footage from "The Force Awakens".

"The Rise of Skywalker" follows Rey, Finn, and Poe Dameron as they lead the Resistance's final stand against Kylo Ren and the First Order, who are now aided by the return of the deceased galactic emperor, Palpatine. Following initial reports that "The Last Jedi" director Rian Johnson would write the script for "Episode IX", in August 2015, Colin Trevorrow was hired to direct and to write a script with his collaborator Derek Connolly; both ultimately retain story credit with Abrams and Chris Terrio. In September 2017, Trevorrow left the project following creative differences with producer Kathleen Kennedy, and Abrams returned as director. Principal photography began in August 2018 at Pinewood Studios in England and wrapped in February 2019. Post-production was completed on November 24, 2019. With an estimated budget of $275 million, it is one of the most expensive films ever made.

"The Rise of Skywalker" had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 16, 2019, and was theatrically released in the United States on December 20, 2019. It received mixed reviews from critics, who praised the acting, action sequences, musical score, and visual effects, but criticized the story, pacing, and perceived departures from the plot and themes of "The Last Jedi". It has grossed $1.073 billion worldwide, making it the eighth-highest-grossing film of 2019 and the 33rd highest-grossing film of all time. The film received three nominations at the 92nd Academy Awards (Best Original Score, Best Visual Effects, and Best Sound Editing) as well as three at the 73rd British Academy Film Awards (also Best Special Visual Effects, Best Original Music, and Best Sound).

Following a threat of revenge by the revived Emperor Palpatine, Kylo Ren obtains a Sith wayfinder, leading him to the uncharted planet Exegol. There, he finds Palpatine, who reveals he created Snoke as a puppet to control the First Order and lure Kylo to the dark side. Palpatine unveils the Final Order—a secret armada of Star Destroyers—and tells Kylo to find and kill Rey, who is continuing her Jedi training under Resistance leader Leia Organa. Finn and Poe Dameron deliver intel from a spy that Palpatine is on Exegol; Rey has learned from Luke Skywalker's notes that a Sith wayfinder can lead them there. Rey, Finn, Poe, Chewbacca, , and depart in the "Millennium Falcon" to Pasaana, where Luke's search for Exegol ended.

On Pasaana, the group encounters Lando Calrissian, who points them to the wayfinder's last suspected location. Kylo learns where Rey is through their Force bond and travels there with his warrior subordinates, the Knights of Ren. Rey and the others discover the remains of a Jedi hunter named Ochi, his ship, and a dagger inscribed with Sith text, which programming forbids him from interpreting. Sensing that Kylo is nearby, Rey goes to confront him. The First Order captures the "Falcon", Chewbacca, and the dagger; attempting to save Chewbacca, Rey accidentally destroys a First Order transport with Force lightning. Believing that Chewbacca was killed, the group escapes on Ochi's ship.

Poe suggests travelling to Kijimi to extract the Sith text from memory; the process reveals coordinates to a wayfinder. Rey senses Chewbacca is alive, and the group mounts a rescue mission. While Kylo searches for Rey, the group infiltrates his Star Destroyer with the help of Zorii Bliss, an old acquaintance of Poe's. Rey recovers the dagger and has visions of her parents being killed with it. Kylo informs her that she is Palpatine's granddaughter; the Sith Lord had ordered Ochi to recover Rey as a child, but her parents hid her on Jakku to protect her. General Hux saves Poe, Finn, and Chewbacca from execution, revealing himself as the spy. He permits the group to escape on the "Falcon", but is discovered and executed.

The group arrives on a moon in the Endor system, where Rey locates the wayfinder on the remains of the second Death Star; upon touching the artifact, she has a vision of herself as a Sith. Having tracked them, Kylo destroys Rey's wayfinder and duels her. Dying, Leia calls to Kylo through the Force, distracting him as Rey impales him. Sensing Leia's death, Rey heals Kylo and takes his ship to exile herself on Ahch-To. There, Luke's Force spirit encourages Rey to face Palpatine and gives her Leia's lightsaber. Rey leaves for Exegol in Luke's X-wing fighter, using the wayfinder from Kylo's ship. Meanwhile, Kylo converses with a memory of his father, Han Solo; he throws away his lightsaber and reclaims his identity as Ben Solo. Palpatine has one of his superlaser-equipped Star Destroyers obliterate Kijimi.

Upon the group's return to the Resistance base, R2-D2 receives a signal from Rey. The Resistance follows her coordinates to Exegol, where she confronts Palpatine; he demands she kill him to transfer his spirit into her. Lando brings reinforcements from across the galaxy to join the battle. Ben overpowers the Knights of Ren and joins Rey, but Palpatine drains the pair's power to rejuvenate himself. He attacks the Resistance fleet with Force lightning and incapacitates Ben. Weakened, Rey hears the voices of past Jedi, who lend her their strength. Palpatine attacks her with lightning, but Rey deflects it using the Skywalker lightsabers, killing him and herself. Ben uses the Force to revive her at the cost of his own life; Rey kisses Ben before he dies. The Resistance destroys Palpatine's command ship, leaving the armada trapped over Exegol. As people across the galaxy rise up against the First Order, the Resistance returns to their base to celebrate.

After the celebration, Rey visits Luke's abandoned childhood home on Tatooine and buries the Skywalker lightsabers, having built her own. A passerby asks her name; as the spirits of Luke and Leia watch, she replies, "Rey Skywalker."


Billie Lourd, Greg Grunberg, and Harrison Ford reprise their roles as Lieutenant Kaydel Ko Connix, Temmin "Snap" Wexley, and Han Solo, respectively; Ford was uncredited for his role. Additionally, Dominic Monaghan portrays Resistance trooper Beaumont Kin, and Shirley Henderson voices Babu Frik in multiple languages. Hassan Taj and Lee Towersey perform the role of R2-D2, replacing Jimmy Vee, who had played the role in the previous two films, whilst Ben Burtt returns as the vocals of R2-D2, Chewbacca, 
and the breaths of Darth Vader. Dave Chapman and Brian Herring return as the puppeteers of BB-8. Director J. J. Abrams also provides the voice for D-O. Nick Kellington returns as the creature performance of Klaud. Martin Wilde, Anton Simpson-Tidy, Lukaz Leong, Tom Rodgers, Joe Kennard, and Ashley Beck appear as the Knights of Ren. Amanda Lawrence reprises her role as Commander Larma D’Acy, while Vinette Robinson plays her wife, Pilot Wrobie Tyce. Amir El-Masry appears as Commander Trach.

Jodie Comer and Billy Howle briefly appear as Rey's mother and father, respectively. Mike Quinn and Kipsang Rotich return as the performer and voice of Nien Nunb, respectively. Denis Lawson and Warwick Davis briefly reprise their roles as Wedge Antilles, a veteran of the Rebel Alliance; and Wicket W. Warrick, the leader of the Ewoks, respectively. Tom Wilton and screenwriter Chris Terrio briefly appear as the performer and voice for Aftab Ackbar, the son of Admiral Ackbar, respectively. Composer John Williams cameos as Oma Tres, a Kijimi bartender, while Lin-Manuel Miranda and Jeff Garlin both cameo as human and alien Resistance troopers, respectively. Kevin Smith also has a brief cameo. Actors making reprisal vocal cameos include James Earl Jones as Darth Vader, Andy Serkis as Snoke, and the voices of Jedi Past with Ewan McGregor and Alec Guinness as Obi-Wan Kenobi (the latter via digitally altered archive audio), Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker, Ashley Eckstein as Ahsoka Tano, Freddie Prinze Jr. as Kanan Jarrus, Olivia d'Abo as Luminara Unduli, Frank Oz as Yoda, Liam Neeson as Qui-Gon Jinn, Jennifer Hale as Aayla Secura, Samuel L. Jackson as Mace Windu, and Angelique Perrin as Adi Gallia. Ed Sheeran, Dhani Harrison, Nigel Godrich, J. D. Dillard, and Dave Hearn cameo as stormtroopers.

In October 2012, "Star Wars" creator George Lucas sold his production company Lucasfilm, and with it the "Star Wars" franchise, to The Walt Disney Company. Disney subsequently announced the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy. In June 2014, it was announced that Rian Johnson, writer and director of "The Last Jedi", would write a story treatment for "Episode IX". In August 2015, Colin Trevorrow was announced as the director of the film; he was to write the script with frequent collaborator Derek Connolly. In April 2017, Johnson stated that he was not involved in writing the film. In February 2016, Disney chief executive officer Bob Iger confirmed that pre-production on "Episode IX" had begun. Carrie Fisher died in December 2016. Her brother Todd later said, "She was going to be the big payoff in the final film. She was going to be the last Jedi, so to speak."

In late April 2017, Disney announced that the film would be released on May 24, 2019. A month later, filming was expected to begin in January 2018, but this was later pushed back to August. In August 2017, it was announced that Jack Thorne would rewrite the script. On September 5, 2017, Lucasfilm stated that Trevorrow had left the production following creative differences. "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that his working relationship with Kathleen Kennedy had become unmanageable after failing to deliver a satisfactory script, despite writing several drafts. Johnson was rumored as the top choice to replace Trevorrow as director, but stated "it was never in the plan for me to direct "Episode IX"." The next day, it was announced that J. J. Abrams, the director of "The Force Awakens", would return to direct the film, and that the film's release date would be moved to December 20, 2019. The story team met with George Lucas before writing the new script, which Abrams with Chris Terrio, while Trevorrow and Connolly retained story credits. The story was rewritten to some extent before filming was completed. The film was produced by Abrams's company Bad Robot Productions, Kathleen Kennedy, and Michelle Rejwan.

Before filming, "Episode IX" was initially given the working title "Black Diamond", which was then changed to "TrIXie", most likely to insert the roman numeral "IX" within the working title. The title, "The Rise of Skywalker", was announced at April 2019's "Star Wars" Celebration in Chicago.

Carrie Fisher, who played Leia Organa, died on December 27, 2016. "Variety" and Reuters reported that she had been planned for a key role in "Episode IX". In January 2017, Lucasfilm stated that there were no plans to digitally generate Fisher's performance as they had for "Rogue One". The following April, Fisher's brother Todd revealed that Fisher's daughter, Billie Lourd, had granted Disney the rights to use recent footage of Fisher. However, a week later, Kathleen Kennedy stated that Fisher would not appear in the film. In July 2018, J. J. Abrams announced that unused footage of Fisher from "The Force Awakens" would be used to help complete the story. In flashback scenes, digital de-aging was used for the appearance of Luke and Leia through the use of facial shots of both characters from the Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi respectively.

In July 2018, Keri Russell was in talks to play a part with some "action-heavy fight scenes", and it was confirmed that Billy Dee Williams would return as Lando Calrissian, onscreen for the first time since 1983's "Return of the Jedi"—marking one of the longest intervals between portrayals of a character by the same actor in American film history. At the end of July, Russell was confirmed to have been cast, and there was an announcement of returning and additional new cast members. In late August, "Deadline Hollywood" announced that Dominic Monaghan and Matt Smith had been cast in unspecified roles, but Smith later denied his involvement. Greg Grunberg reprises his role as Temmin "Snap" Wexley. Jimmy Vee stated on Twitter that he would be reprising the role of R2-D2, but in the final film the droid was credited to Hassan Taj and Lee Towersey. Brian Herring returns to puppeteer .

At "Star Wars" Celebration in April 2019, it was revealed via the film's teaser trailer that Ian McDiarmid would return to portray Palpatine. Since the event was held after principal photography wrapped, Abrams was thrilled that news of McDiarmid on the set never leaked. Kathleen Kennedy said they decided to reveal Palpatine's return ahead of the film's release because "many of the characters that are playing a significant role in the story, the fans know. They don't know how this story is going to unfold, but they know who they are. It's not like Baby Yoda," the surprise popular character from "The Mandalorian".

Principal photography began on August 1, 2018, at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire, England. Filming also took place in Wadi Rum, Jordan. Oscar Isaac stated that Abrams was allowing more improvised acting than in the previous two films. Due to the tight schedule, some editing took place on set. Principal photography wrapped on February 15, 2019. Footage from the film was shown at The Walt Disney Company's annual shareholders meeting on March 7, 2019. Reshoots took place at Bad Robot Productions between late September and mid-October.

The visual effects were created by Industrial Light & Magic and supervised by Roger Guyett. The film finished post-production on November 25, 2019. After Boyega accidentally left a copy of the script in his hotel room, it was listed on eBay for around £65. A Disney employee identified the script as authentic and purchased it from the seller for an undisclosed sum.

Lucasfilm honored Riley Howell, a student and "Star Wars" fan who heroically died at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte shooting in April 2019, by naming a Jedi after him in its book "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker - The Visual Dictionary". The book credits "Ri-Lee Howell" with collecting "many of the earliest accounts of exploration and codifications of The Force."

On January 10, 2018, it was confirmed that John Williams would return to compose and conduct "The Rise of Skywalker". The next month, Williams announced that it would be the last "Star Wars" film for which he would compose the score. In August 2019, it was revealed that Williams had written about 35 of an expected 135 minutes of music for the film, which according to Williams's brother Don, would incorporate all of the major themes of the Skywalker saga. Scoring began in July 2019 with Williams and William Ross conducting and orchestrating the sessions over the course of six months. Walt Disney Records released the soundtrack album digitally on December 18, 2019, with a physical release following on December 20.

Despite staying silent about many details of the film, Abrams expressed his hopes that fans and general audiences would be "satisfied". He headed a panel dedicated to the film on April 12, 2019, during "Star Wars" Celebration in Chicago, Illinois, where the film's title was revealed via the first trailer, and new images were shown. The trailer was viewed 111 million times in the first 24 hours of its release, which was 20 million more views than the teaser for "The Last Jedi" and more than double that of "The Force Awakens".

A publishing campaign titled "" was announced on May 4, 2019 ("Star Wars" Day). It includes the novel "", set between "The Last Jedi" and "The Rise of Skywalker", and various other titles. Additionally, the story events of the Disneyland themed area precede the film, including the motion simulator, which features Chewbacca. On August 24, a new poster and "sizzle reel" was released at D23; the latter was released to the public two days later. The footage includes a montage of the Skywalker saga so far, as well as several new shots from the film. The final trailer was released on October 21, 2019 during Monday Night Football.

In December 2019, the video game "Fortnite Battle Royale" released several cosmetics featuring character skins for Rey, Finn, a Sith Trooper, Kylo Ren, and Zorii Bliss along with a TIE Fighter glider, a Millennium Falcon glider (which was given to players for free from the Winterfest Event), four emotes, and two free banners. On December 14, "Fortnite" publisher Epic Games released a preview of the film on an in-game theater screen as a live event. At the end of the event, a message from Palpatine (like the one mentioned in the film's opening crawl) was heard. To coincide with the release of the film, a trailer for the forthcoming video game, "" was released on the same day.

The film was originally planned to be released on May 24, 2019, in the United States before being pushed back to December 20. It had its world premiere in Los Angeles on December 16. Unlike most studio films, Disney reportedly did not hold test screenings for "The Rise of Skywalker", instead only showing it to Abrams' friends and family, as well as a terminally ill fan.

A shot near the end of the film, featuring two female Resistance members kissing, was cut in Dubai and Singapore.

"The Rise of Skywalker" will be released on Digital HD on March 17, 2020, with its DVD, Blu-ray, and 4K Ultra HD release on March 31 by Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment.

The film will be available on Disney+ in October 2020.

The official novelization is by Rae Carson: hardcover and audiobook versions will be released on March 19, 2020. It reveals that Palpatine returned using a clone body. The junior novel and audiobook are by Michael Kogge and will be released on April 21, 2020.

, "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" has grossed $514.7 million in the United States and Canada, and $557.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $1.073 billion.

Pre-sale tickets went on sale on October 21, 2019 and the film sold more tickets in their first hour of availability on Atom Tickets than the previous record-holder for ticket sales, "". It became Atom Tickets' second-best first-day seller of all-time behind "Endgame", selling more than twice the number of tickets as "The Last Jedi" sold in that same timeframe, while Fandango reported it outsold all previous "Star Wars" films. Box office tracking had "The Rise of Skywalker" grossing around $205 million in its opening weekend, though some firms predicted a debut closer to $175 million. The film made $89.6 million on its first day, including $40 million from Thursday night previews, the sixth-highest opening day of all-time. It went on to debut to $177.4 million, which was the third-highest opening ever for a December release and the 12th-best all-time, and it was also noted that Saturday (which saw a 47 percent drop from Friday's gross) was the busiest shopping day of the year, likely affecting ticket sales. However, "Deadline Hollywood" did write that "we can't ignore" the less than stellar audience exit scores, which could affect the film's legs moving forward. The film made $32 million on Christmas Day, the second-best total ever for the holiday after "The Force Awakens" $49.3 million in 2015. It went on to have a five-day total of $135.2 million, including $72.4 million for the weekend. In its third weekend the film made $34.5 million, remaining in first, before being dethroned in its fourth weekend by newcomer "1917".

Worldwide the film was projected to gross around $450 million in its opening weekend, including $250 million from 52 international territories. It made $59.1 million from its first day of international release in 46 countries. The biggest markets were the United Kingdom ($8.3 million), Germany ($7.2 million), France ($5.3 million) and Australia ($4.3 million). In China the film made $1.6 million (RMB11.6 million) through its first day. It went on to open to $198 million from overseas countries and $373.5 million worldwide, coming in below projections and 47 percent lower than "The Last Jedi"s total. Its biggest opening totals remained the UK ($26.8 million), Germany ($21.8 million), France ($15.2 million), Japan ($14.6 million), Australia ($12.6 million), and China ($12.1 million).

Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 52% based on 474 reviews, with an average rating of 6.17/10. The website's critics consensus reads: ""The Rise of Skywalker" suffers from a frustrating lack of imagination, but concludes this beloved saga with fan-focused devotion." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 53 out of 100, based on 61 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Richard Roeper, reviewing for the "Chicago Sun-Times", gave the film three out of four stars, writing that it "rarely comes close to touching greatness, but it's a solid, visually dazzling and warmhearted victory [for] quality filmmaking." "The A.V. Club"s A. A. Dowd gave the film a C+, stating that the film "is so freighted with obligation that it almost groans under the weight, flashing a weak smile as it vaguely approximates the appearance of a zippy good time."
"The Hollywood Reporter"s Todd McCarthy wrote, "A plot like this, featuring so many characters, locations and story dynamics, can by nature be confusing; so relentless is the pileup of incident that, at a certain point, one can be excused for checking out on the particulars ... in favor of just going along for the amusement park ride." Michael Phillips for "Chicago Tribune" wrote that the film "does the job. It wraps up the trio of trilogies begun in 1977 in a confident, soothingly predictable way, doing all that is cinematically possible to avoid [upsetting the] tradition-minded quadrants of the "Star Wars" fan base." Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" wrote, "For about 75% of its running time, "The Rise of Skywalker" is a disappointment. Still, for all the movie's faults, it's likely that most people will consider "The Rise of Skywalker" and accept the trade: Sit through a so-so 110 minutes to get to a strong half hour."

Owen Gleiberman of "Variety" praised the film as "the most elegant, emotionally rounded, and gratifying "Star Wars" adventure since the glory days of "Star Wars" and "The Empire Strikes Back" ... but given the last eight films, the bar isn't that high."
The BBC's Nicholas Barber wrote that "the film is well acted, [and] looks so good that there is bound to be a fabulous tie-in coffee-table book of concept art, and it has a positive message about never giving up hope. But the main feeling it instills in the viewer is a renewed respect for the imagination of Lucas. "The Rise of Skywalker" has been lovingly crafted by a host of talented people, and yet the best they can do is pay tribute to everything he did several decades ago."

Scott Mendelson for "Forbes" described the film as "possibly worse than any prior "Star Wars" 'episode'. It ends a legendary franchise with a thud while denying this new trilogy its artistic reason for existence." He said that "the 142-minute movie spends almost its entire running time retconning its predecessor and adding painfully conventional 'plot twists' and patronizing reversals in the name of mollifying the fans who merely want to be reminded of the first three movies." Justin Chang of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that the film "nakedly offers itself up in the spirit of a "Last Jedi" corrective, a return to storytelling basics, a nearly 2½-hour compendium of everything that made you fall in love with "Star Wars" in the first place. The more accurate way to describe it ... is as an epic failure of nerve. This "Rise" feels more like a retreat, a return to a zone of emotional and thematic safety from a filmmaker with a gift for packaging nostalgia as subversion."
Writing for "The New Yorker", Richard Brody states that the film's faults "are those of the franchise over all, distilled and magnified because the film's director, J. J. Abrams is mainly a distiller and a magnifier and brings virtually no originality to it. His earnest and righteously grandiose direction evokes, as few movies do, a craving for Michael Bay at the controls."

Whereas Kelly Marie Tran had around 10 minutes of screentime in "The Last Jedi", she appears for about a minute in "The Rise of Skywalker." The reduced role was interpreted by some critics as a concession to fans who disliked her character; Tran had been a target of online harassment following the release of "The Last Jedi." Screenwriter Chris Terrio said Tran had reduced screentime because of the difficulty of including the late Carrie Fisher in scenes planned to feature both characters.

According to CinemaScore, American audiences gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale; by comparison, "The Force Awakens" and "The Last Jedi" each earned an "A" score and all three of the prequels an "A–". On PostTrak, audiences gave the film an average 4 out of 5 stars, with 70 percent saying they would definitely recommend it; parents and children under 12 years old (who made up 16 percent of opening night attendance) gave it a full five out of five stars. Men (who made up 67 percent of the audience) gave the film an overall positive score of 80 percent while women (33 percent) gave it an 84 percent. RelishMix, which tracks social media posts and online presence, "noticed a divided reaction to "Skywalker" online, though it leaned slightly positive".

Months prior to the film's trailer release, it was review bombed on Rotten Tomatoes to the point where the "Want to See" percentage went down as far as 5 percent within a day, with many of them focusing on lingering negativity towards "The Last Jedi". Similar bombing with "Captain Marvel" caused Rotten Tomatoes to completely remove the "Want to See" feature after temporarily changing it to a number.



</doc>
<doc id="43918011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43918011" title="How to Be a Man">
How to Be a Man

How to Be a Man is a 2013 American comedy film directed by Chadd Harbold and starring Gavin McInnes. It tells the story of an ex-comedian who discovers that he is dying from male breast cancer, and therefore makes a video with advice for his unborn son. The film was produced through Zero Day Fox.


The film premiered on August 10, 2013 at the Sundance Next Weekend in Los Angeles. It was released on the Internet on March 15, 2014.

"The Hollywood Reporter"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Justin Lowe wrote: "Serving as a reminder that gross-out male-centric comedies aren't just the domain of better-pedigreed productions, "How To Be A Man" strips the genre down to its bare essentials, which primarily has the effect of emphasizing the careful tonal calibration required to effectively pull off a such a relentless raunch-fest. ... With his extensive media background, "Vice Magazine" co-founder, comedian and ad-man McInnes would seem to be a savvy commentator on contemporary male foibles, but "Man"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s litany of life lessons turns out to have variable appeal when reduced to their lowest common denominators of sex, partying and bodily functions."



</doc>
<doc id="43918916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43918916" title="Riverboat Rhythm">
Riverboat Rhythm

Riverboat Rhythm is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins and written by Charles E. Roberts. The film stars Leon Errol, Glen Vernon, Walter Catlett, Marc Cramer and Jonathan Hale. The film was released on February 13, 1946, by RKO Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="43922084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43922084" title="The Pace That Thrills (1952 film)">
The Pace That Thrills (1952 film)

The Pace That Thrills is a 1952 American action film directed by Leon Barsha and written by Robert Lee Johnson and DeVallon Scott. The film stars Bill Williams, Carla Balenda, Robert Armstrong, Frank McHugh and Michael St. Angel. The film was released on March 21, 1952, by RKO Pictures.

Los Angeles newspaper reporter Eve Drake is assigned to cover a motorcycle race. There she sees Dusty Weston win a race using questionable tactics. She is asked to present the winner's trophy afterward, but when Dusty plants a kiss on her, she slaps his face.

Eve's critical article irks Dusty and his employer, J.C. Barton, who owns a motorcycle factory. At a home belonging to his mechanic pal Rocket Anderson, they discuss Eve with rival cyclist Chris Rhodes, another friend. Chris suggests softening her up and invites Eve to pay another visit. She enjoys a cycle ride until Chris and Dusty try to elude two motorcycle police officers and crash into a ditch.

Chris then suffers a leg injury in a race after Dusty's dangerous maneuver. Dusty is fired, after which Chris is given a new hydraulic bike to race that Barton needs to be a success if he is going to be able to keep his factory up and running. Chris protests that Dusty is the better rider and could win the big race on the new bike. Barton refuses to budge, and while Dusty takes a job as a trick rider for a carnival.

Chris falls in love with Eve, but she's romantically attracted to Dusty and unsure what to do. Chris punches him when Dusty says they intend to marry. Dusty then surprisingly enters the big race, competing against Chris and the new Barton bike. At the last minute, when Chris takes a spill, Dusty deliberately does the same, giving Chris a chance to get back up and be victorious. A grateful Chris congratulates his friend and Eve on their engagement.



</doc>
<doc id="43923157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43923157" title="Sword of Venus">
Sword of Venus

Sword of Venus is a 1953 American adventure film directed by Harold Daniels, written by Jack Pollexfen and Aubrey Wisberg, and starring Robert Clarke, Catherine McLeod, Dan O'Herlihy, William Schallert and Marjorie Stapp. It was released on February 20, 1953, by RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43926584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43926584" title="Passion (1954 film)">
Passion (1954 film)

Passion is a 1954 American Western film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Howard Estabrook, Beatrice A. Dresher and Joseph Lejtes. The film stars Cornel Wilde, Yvonne De Carlo, Raymond Burr, Lon Chaney Jr., Rodolfo Acosta and John Qualen. The film was released on October 6, 1954, by RKO Pictures.

A greedy California land baron stakes a claim to the property of Gaspar Melo, sending hired guns to seize control. A rancher, Juan Obreon, learns that Melo's granddaughter Rosa has given birth to a baby. Juan is the child's father and intends to marry Rosa, but she is forced to hide her new son before hired gun Sandro shoots her.

Rosa has a sister, Tonya, who flees before Sandro or his man Castro can find her. Captain Rodriguez, a friend of Juan's, becomes involved when Juan seeks vengeance for Rosa by killing the new land owner's men. Thanks to the captain's intervention, Juan is able to live in peace with Tonya and his child.


The film was known as "Where the Wind Dies". Cornel Wilde's casting was announced in March 1954 with Benedict Bogeaus to produce for Filmcrest Productions and Harmon Jones to direct. Yvonne de Carlo signed to play his co-star.

Eventually Dwan directed. It was one of a series of movies Allan Dwan made for producer Benedict Bogeaus.



</doc>
<doc id="43926649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43926649" title="Double Deal (1950 film)">
Double Deal (1950 film)

Double Deal is a 1950 American crime drama film directed by Abby Berlin from a screenplay by Lee Berman and Charles S. Belden, based on an original story by Don McGuire. The film stars Marie Windsor and Richard Denning.

After a dice game one night in the Oklahoma oil town of Richfield, out-of-work engineer Buzz Doyle is broke. Another gambler, Reno Sebastian, has been cleaned out, too, but hostess Terry Miller tips them off that her boss Walter Karns, the big winner, was cheating with loaded dice.

Reno has a ranch and an oil well that has not yet produced. He invites Buzz to come work for him, and Terry, who is close to Reno, thinks it's a good idea because Reno's got just 45 days to strike oil or the well will go to his sister Lilli, as stipulated in their father's will.

Lilli has hated Reno ever since he killed her fiance during a fight while they were gambling. Lilli is determined to get all his holdings now and will stop at nothing. She even tries to seduce Buzz into abandoning Reno and working for her, and when that doesn't work, Lilli threatens that something bad will happen to Buzz if he stands in her way. The corrupt Karns is in love with Lilli and will do her bidding.

Reno is found dead in Buzz's hotel room. He is initially a suspect but is cleared. In his will, Reno left his ranch to Terry, not to his sister. To sort out who's entitled to what, Terry and Buzz seek the advice of Corpus P. Mills, a tipsy attorney who represented the father of Reno and Lilli before he died.

Next, it is Lilli who is found dead, directly after a contentious meeting with Terry, who becomes a suspect and who now stands to inherit the ranch and the oil well. Mills convinces the authorities that Terry is not guilty and that, considering the apparent pattern of the murders, she is more likely to be the next victim. 

When Terry is escorted home by a police officer, a totally sober Corpus Mills intercepts and kidnaps her. When they arrive at his place, it soon becomes clear that, from the start, Mills has been masterminding a scheme. He once held leases on all the rich land in the area, when these leases ran out the land was parceled off to the likes of Reno and Lilli. 

Corpus admits to both killings and reveals to Terry how Reno's will stipulates that if something happens to her - which it will as he completes his plan - the properties return to Mills' possession. Walter Karns has been hiding in the house and now reveals himself to inform the attorney that he saw him murder Lilli. Karns figures this knowledge entitles him to "half of everything". Corpus shoots Karns, killing him. 

Unaware of any of this, including the fact that Terry is no longer suspected of Lilli's murder, Buzz arrives to ask Mills for help. Before letting Buzz in, the attorney forces Terry into the basement and covers up the death of Karns. He then convinces Buzz that Terry is not in any trouble and that she's waiting for Buzz back at the hotel. 

Thanks to a tip-off from an unlikely source, Buzz discovers Karns' body and Terry. A fight ensues, the police show up and Corpus Mills discovers that his crimes won't pay. In the end, Terry and Buzz get each other and a gusher of oil. 


In July 1950, it was announced that Marie Windsor and Richard Denning would be starring in the film. It was the first picture being produced by the newly formed company, Bel Air Productions. It was scheduled to begin filming in July at RKO Studios. Denning had been working on the radio show, "My Favorite Husband", co-starring with Lucille Ball, which had caused him to pass up several film roles. "Double Deal" was the first part he took after finishing the radio show. After ten years of playing the bad girl in films, this picture was Marie Windsor's first starring role. While completely shot on the RKO lot, the film was not financed by the studio, who only handled distribution. During production Denning was injured by a blow to the back, which left him immobile for approximately half a minute. The picture was filmed in a total of nine days, and production was completed by the middle of August.

"Harrison's Reports" gave the film a less than stellar review, calling it a "weak melodrama". The magazine felt the plot was illogical, the acting weak, and the direction heavy-handed. "Motion Picture Daily" did not like the picture, also commenting on the lack of logic in the script. They felt that Fay Baker and Richard Denning acquitted themselves well, but that the rest of the cast struggled, although they felt that could have been due to the weakness of the script.


</doc>
<doc id="43927466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43927466" title="23 Blast">
23 Blast

23 Blast is a 2013 American sports drama film directed by Dylan Baker. The film was written by Bram and Toni Hoover, inspired by the story of Travis Freeman, a Kentucky teen who loses his sight, but eventually overcomes the challenges of his disability, and continues to live his dream of playing football. Travis is portrayed by Mark Hapka in the film.

The film was produced by Touchdown Productions, LLC and Toy Gun Films. Stephen Lang, Alexa PenaVega, Max Adler and Becky Ann Baker also starred in the film.

Travis Freeman, a local football star, is an average high school junior. Living in the town of Corbin, Kentucky, his inner circle includes his supporting parents, girlfriend, and childhood best friend, Jerry Baker (Bram Hoover) Life is normal for Travis until one day he is stricken with a series of severe headaches and a bacterial meningitis infection. After being rushed to the hospital, Travis undergoes surgery to remove the infection and save his life. He comes out of the procedure alive, but he is now blind. After losing his sight, Travis experiences depression as he adjusts to life without sight. When forced to abandon football, Travis’ shallow, cheerleader girlfriend quits on him, and he faces the decision of having to attend the school for the blind away from home. With the help of his parents, best friend, Jerry, another childhood friend, Ashley, and his mobility coach, Travis pulls through and is able to adapt to his new disability and starts his senior year at Corbin High School. Every day after school, Travis attends football practice, but stays, with help from his friend, Ashley, on the sidelines. His coach and mentor, Coach Farris, approaches him one day about joining the team again. Without much convincing, Travis rejoins the football team as a center and helps the team turn around their losing season advancing to the state playoffs.


Director Dylan Baker used his personal network in casting the film. He called several friends to play crucial roles. Stephen Lang was known for playing mean or unlikable people, and was Baker's first choice to play the coach with the heart of gold, Willard Farris. Originally Bram Hoover was slated to play Travis, but Baker asked him to consider the role of Jerry; when Bram worked on Jerry, he agreed it was the better role for him and he made the switch. Baker asked wife, Becky Ann Baker, to play redhead, Patty Wheatley, Travis’ mobility coach. Baker had worked with Fred Dalton Thompson, Timothy Busfield and Kevin Cooney, and they all said yes. Baker needed to audition young actors for the other roles, finding Mark Hapka, Alexa PenaVega and Max Adler on one day in Los Angeles.

Kim Zimmer was originally slated to play the role of Molly's mother, which did not survive the final cut of the film. When Baker had trouble finding the right actress to play Travis’ mom, he thought of Kim and asked her to consider the role. With the real Mary and Larry Freeman frequently on the set, Baker and Zimmer enjoyed their many scenes as “movie – man and wife”. When Baker added a scene of Travis with his parents in church, he went right to the real Travis Freeman to play the part. Baker had heard one of Travis’ sermons that convinced him that Travis could play the role.

"23 Blast" was inspired by the life of Travis Freeman, a Corbin, Kentucky native. Growing up, Travis always wanted to be a football player for the Corbin Redhounds, his local high school football team. At the age of 9, he was the water boy for the Redhounds and played football during middle school. At the age of 12, Travis began having severe headaches. His parents took him to a Lexington, Kentucky hospital, where he was diagnosed with viral meningitis, a serious, but not deadly infection. Travis was given antibiotics and sent home. Soon after, Travis’ eye began to swell because of infection. Travis was rushed to the hospital as the infection began to spread and his head began to swell. Because of the very rare sinus infection, Travis was rushed into surgery. Travis survived, but emerged from surgery blind.

Travis’ parents vowed to do everything they could to keep him from having to leave Corbin and move to Lexington to attend the school for the blind. Travis adjusted and soon began to live life normally in his home. Being a middle schooler, Travis still had a passion for football. He and his parents approached Coach Willard Farris and asked if Travis could have a support role on the football team. He said “no”, and said that he could play. Coach Farris strategically assigned Travis the Center position. Just a year after his illness, he played his first game of organized football. When Travis entered high school his coach, Coach Mike Whittaker, assigned him as the third string Center for the Corbin Redhounds. He played all four years of high school and ended his football career in high school. Travis attended the University of Kentucky, where he was offered a position on the team's support staff. In 1999, the High School Athletic Hall of Fame presented Travis with the first-ever Travis Freeman Award in recognition of his accomplishments.

Toni Hoover approached Dylan Baker's wife, Becky Ann Baker, about a script she had written for "23 Blast". In the beginning, Dylan and Becky only intended to act in the film, but soon Dylan began to help Toni update the script and cast the project. Eventually, Toni approached Dylan about directing the project and he agreed. Dylan approached Gary Donatelli, who had a rich history in television direction and football production, having shot for Monday Night Football for many years. The three decided to produce the film themselves, and after adding Line Producer, Carrie Holt de Lama, they traveled to Corbin to begin production.

"23 Blast" is the name of a football play, in which the quarterback hands off to the running back, who attempts to go through a hole in the defensive line. In the 1967 UCLA vs. USC football game, "23 Blast" was the audible run play for O. J. Simpson's 64 yard game-winning touchdown.

"23 Blast" began shooting on April 2, 2012. The project was penned under the original title of "Sight Unseen". When the three producers went out for dinner with friends, before they began shooting, a hat collected everyone's ideas for a title. The table agreed that "23 Blast" was the best choice and the name stuck. The cast filmed on location in Corbin, Kentucky for a little under a month, shooting for 23 days. Scenes were filmed in the actual places that Travis lived and played football, on the practice field, the stadium, an indoor facility and Corbin High School. Filming was completed one day ahead of schedule.

Because Corbin played its games at night, the producers had to ask all the local football players who portrayed both sides of a game to stay all night, sometimes until early hours of the morning. Several extras went to the local school, the University of the Cumberlands. One player, speaking for the group, asked Baker to allow them to leave one morning at 5:30 AM so they would have time to travel to the school and start weight training at 6 AM. These players never complained, and there were many local extras who came back, again and again, regardless of how cold Corbin got in mid-April at dawn. When a scene for Travis and his parents at Sunday services was added, the Freemans asked their church, Central Baptist Church, for permission to film there. Many members of the congregation came out to watch Travis’ film debut.

Joe Euton (Team Owner) of the Cincinnati Bulldogs, a Semi Pro Football Team from Cincinnati, Ohio did the actual live hits for the movie. There were some late nights filming, but a great experience for the team in assisting with the production of the movie.

"23 Blast" is at its heart a slice-of-life story. As young boys, Travis and Jerry meet on the football field. They are testing themselves against others, and find in their on-the-field talents a bond that extends beyond the game. When the complexity of adolescence disrupts their lives and jeopardizes that friendship, both boys are forced to grow up. Life isn't fair to either of them: Travis loses his vision and Jerry loses his place on the team without his friend to guide and help him. This theme of identity is visited often in "23 Blast".
The filmmakers acknowledge being greatly influenced by movies such as Hoosiers, Rudy and Remember the Titans. Coach Farris doesn't have all the answers, but he trusts his own mind and his heart. When elements of the town question his judgment, he sticks to his decisions to be inclusive instead of exclusive, to care more about the development of his boys as people than as football players. There is also the theme of the whole operating better than its individual parts, just as a team plays much better when it works together against a common foe. 
"23 Blast" deals with sight and blindness on many fronts with a theme of "vision comes from within". Travis blindly accepts his life and celebrity as a star football player, but when he loses his sight, he discovers vision on a whole new level. The real Travis Freeman has said repeatedly that he believes he will see again, and the film recognizes that in the story of his character. Once the movie ends, Travis realizes that as a blind person he is still the same person he was with sight, he then sees clearly what his purpose is in life and understands what he wants to achieve. The film uses Travis overcoming his fear of failing on the football field as a metaphor for any person who won't let their disadvantages or bad luck keep them down. The film tries to show that it is not the fall that builds character, but it's getting up again and again to give it another try. This was a theme that permeated the production in front of and behind the lens. A line from the film, “How’s that gonna work?” resonated many times, from pre-production in a small town, to the release in 617 theaters nationwide. The story of "23 Blast" behind the scenes is a story of overcoming obstacles and odds, persevering and choosing faith over fear. The films post-script reads: "For we live by faith, not by sight." 2 Corinthians 5:7

"23 Blast" received mixed reviews from critics. Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the film a rating of 38%, based on 21 reviews, with an average score of 4.9/10. The site's consensus reads, "The real life story that inspired "23 Blast" is undeniably heartwarming — but the movie itself is too predictable and amateurish to recommend." Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned the film a weighted average score of 45 out of 100, based on 10 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

"23 Blast" debuted at the Heartland Film Festival in 2013. It was the winner of the 2013 Heartland Film Festival's Audience choice Award for Narrative Feature. In 2014, "23 Blast" was featured at several private screenings throughout the United States in front of test audiences. "23 Blast" released in select theaters on October 23, 2014, and nationwide on October 24, 2014.

Super Bowl Winning Coach and All Pro Dad National spokesman, Tony Dungy said, “"23 Blast" is a powerful movie about football and perseverance." In an interview with Travis Freeman and Dylan Baker on "The Huckabee Show", Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee said, “If you only see one film between now and the end of the year, go see "23 Blast".”



</doc>
<doc id="43927653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43927653" title="Mischief Night (2014 film)">
Mischief Night (2014 film)

Mischief Night is a 2014 American slasher film written and directed by Travis Baker. It stars Brooke Anne Smith, Marc Valera, Nikki Limo, Matt Angel, Erika Palladino, and Malcolm McDowell. The film was produced by Richard Tanne.

The film was released in the United States on May 20, 2014 by Lionsgate Films.

Kaylie (Brooke Anne Smith) is a beautiful high school senior who doesn't quite fit in. She's got a dark sense of humor, and a somewhat warped view of life that isolates her from most of her peers. Her best friend Daphne (Nikki Limo), on the other hand, is incredibly popular. It's Friday night, the night before Halloween, and Daphne has asked Kaylie to fill in and babysit for her at the Payton household. Daphne claims to be sick at home with the flu, but, unbeknownst to Kaylie, she's really headed out for a night on the town.

To help occupy her time while alone (aside from the baby) in this big house, Kaylie watches horror movies, drinks the Payton's booze, pops their pills, and starts a war with a roaming group of middle schoolers trying to vandalize the home.

There are many people out in the neighborhood. One of them, a creepy, and very kooky, old neighbor (Malcolm McDowell), knocks at the door, warning Kaylie to stay inside tonight and not answer the door for anyone. She immediately rejects his advice, answering the door for a costumed stranger who turns out to be Graham (Matt Angel), a classmate of Kaylie's who she has a crush on. Graham, it turns out, was expecting Daphne to answer the door. He's been visiting Daphne at the house whenever she babysits, which comes as both a surprise to Kaylie, and a devastating blow. Kaylie only liked two people in this world, Daphne and Graham, and now she's got nothing. When he leaves, she cuts herself, revealing a series of scars, and showing us that she is perhaps even more troubled than we knew. But there's one more person lurking the streets, and prowling the dark shadows surrounding the Payton house. It's a masked man (Marc Valera), carrying a large knife. We know nothing about him, only that he's eyeing Kaylie for the kill.

When Kaylie realizes he's out there, she begins to tease him and taunt him into confrontation. She appears to think he's just another prankster. When she is convinced he is quietly watching from behind the trees, she strips down to her underwear and swims in the Payton's pool. Things intensify quickly when Daphne shows up and is brutally murdered. The masked stranger then breaks into the house, attacking Kaylie, when she gives fights back, culminating in bashing him with a free-weight and sending him tumbling down the stairs. At that point, he takes off his mask to reveal the man underneath, and overpowers her.

It's within his power to kill her now, and instead of begging for her life, she encourages him to do it. The man, who is far less intimidating without his mask on, doesn't know how to react. He eventually decides against killing her, and sets her free. The two start talking, and soon a strange, twisted romance blossoms between them. They head into the neighborhood to cause a little mischief themselves, and gradually, over the course of the night, begin to reveal to each other what makes them tick.

Kaylie and the man make love, but when she asks him to stab her while they have sex, he becomes disturbed and goes outside to think. Meanwhile, the middle school vandals return to seek revenge on Kaylie and are brutally murdered outside the house.

Kaylie and the man have a final conversation in which the man explains that he has a family he must go home to and that he doesn’t have the strength to go through with killing anyone, as he had previously thought. They say goodbye and Kaylie slices the man’s throat with a carving knife, revealing that she has been the killer all along, responsible for Daphne and the middle schooler’s deaths. She explains that she was always unstable and that finding out about Daphne and Graham’s affair caused her to snap.

Later, the police investigate the crime scene and we learn that Kaylie has pinned all the murders on the masked man. Graham shows up, concerned for her well-being, and the two hug as Kaylie winks at the camera.


"Mischief Night" was filmed in 2010 at a house in Calabasas, California. Filming took place over 11 days and consisted mostly of night shoots. The film was acquired in late 2013 by After Dark Films and was announced as the seventh film in the "After Dark Originals 2" series.

The film went on to premiere at the New York City Horror Film Festival in 2013. It was then released by Lionsgate on DVD video on demand and digital download on May 2014.

It was released in China in 2014 and throughout Europe in 2015 under the title "Devil's Night".

Jeremy Tisser was the composer of the original soundtrack. Additional songs were then provided by Brian Bond, Alex Tsyhkov, and Charles Tyshkov.

Although reception was mixed, many reviewers singled out the film for its originality and deeper themes. Ollie Coen of DVD Talk wrote, "Thankfully "Mischief Night" was a surprisingly interesting film, one that took the old premise, mixed it up a bit, and left me pretty satisfied." He went on to describe the film as "a fresh take on a classic story, a new & strange way to look at the genre."

In its 2014 review, Ain't It Cool News wrote of the film, "It's tough to combine multiple genres in a way that simultaneously feels both fresh and familiar - the plot will keep you guessing until the end, and I love that it struck such tight-wire balance with a self-assuredness that keeps you on your toes as it zigs every time you think it's about to zag."

In its review, Something Awful described the movie as one that "was clearly written by someone who loves cheesy horror flicks and all their accompanying features, as it displays a charming sort of self-awareness and affection for the content it's playing with."

However, some felt that despite its bold ideas, the film didn't ultimately succeed. In his review for Film Monthly, Jason Coffman wrote, "there are moments in "Mischief Night" when the film hits a tone that is entirely its own, and likely what writer/director Travis Baker was aiming for with the film as a whole. Sadly, those moments are fleeting."


</doc>
<doc id="43930770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43930770" title="This Is My Love">
This Is My Love

This Is My Love is a 1954 American drama film directed by Stuart Heisler, written by Hugh Brooke and Hagar Wilde, and starring Linda Darnell, Rick Jason, Dan Duryea, Faith Domergue, Connie Russell and Hal Baylor. It was released on November 11, 1954, by RKO Pictures.

Vida Dove lives with younger sister Evelyn and brother-in-law Murray Myer, working in a diner he owns. A former beau of hers, Murray fell in love with her sister, married her, then became paralyzed from a car crash. He now suffers from frequent convulsions and is bitter and cruel to Vida, calling her a spinster and cajoling her to marry and move out.

Vida does have a boyfriend, Eddie Collins, but isn't crazy about him. She forms an instant attraction, however, when Eddie brings his handsome friend Glenn Harris to the diner. Glenn asks her out, but Vida is shocked to discover that Glenn is interested in the married Evelyn as well.

Murray has fits of jealous rage. He makes accusations against his wife when she comes home late. Vida is overjoyed when Glenn asks her on another date, then devastated to learn that Evelyn put him up to it, just to fool her husband. Vida can't believe her sister is going to steal a man she loves for the second time.

At home, Vida takes sleeping pills and neglects Murray, who goes into convulsions. Next morning, she finds him dead. A police investigation, however, shows that Murray received a fatal injection of poison before he died, and Evelyn immediately becomes their prime suspect. Vida refuses to help her sister, and Glenn comes to hate her for it. However, she seems to have a change of heart, and is last seen walking into the police station.



</doc>
<doc id="43931947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43931947" title="The Debtors">
The Debtors

The Debtors is an American comedy film starring Michael Caine, Randy Quaid, Udo Kier, Catherine McCormack and Scott Wilson and directed by Evi Quaid.

The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in 1999. Because of legal issues the film has still not been officially released.

People with various addictions meet up at the tables in Las Vegas.


</doc>
<doc id="43933347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43933347" title="Beyond the Reach">
Beyond the Reach

Beyond the Reach is a 2014 American adventure thriller film directed by Jean-Baptiste Léonetti and written by Stephen Susco. It is based on the 1972 novel "Deathwatch" by Robb White. The film, starring Michael Douglas, Jeremy Irvine, and Ronny Cox, was released on April 17, 2015, by Roadside Attractions.

Ruthless tycoon and trophy collector John Madec flaunts his $500,000 all-terrain vehicle in a small New Mexico town, buying off the local sheriff to bag an endangered desert bighorn sheep. The sheriff solicits the young but experienced tracker Ben to guide Madec an hour outside of town into the canyon country of Shiprock. Madec taunts Ben over his girlfriend, who has gone away to Colorado on a college swimming scholarship after being gifted a gun that Ben taught her to shoot. When Ben asks to see the permit to hunt the endangered bighorn, Madec offers a wad of cash, which the stunned Ben begrudgingly accepts. 

When Madec — with a shoot-first-and-ask-questions-later philosophy — accidentally shoots an old prospector, Ben insists that they must report it as an accident. Madec puts another bullet from Ben's gun into the corpse, and after explaining how he can now blackmail Ben with questions of who was the actual killer, offers Ben a deal: Madec will put him through college with a finance major and give him a $300,000 dollar-a-year job in return for his complicity in covering up the crime.

When Ben picks up his emergency transponder, Madec destroys it and berates Ben for breaking the deal. Madec then threatens Ben with his high-powered rifle and orders him to strip off his clothes and shoes, forcing him to wander out in the desert, 45 miles from the nearest town, to die of dehydration and exposure. Madec plans to report that Ben went mad, shot the prospector, and wandered off into the barren horizon alone. To ensure his story is not contradicted, Madec watches Ben from a distance, using the scope from his rifle. Ben finds enough water inside of a barrel to survive. Madec shoots the barrel. Ben hides in the dead prospector's subterranean lair, but Madec blows it up with the prospector's dynamite stash. Ben escapes before it explodes with a 'treasure map' of Charlie's, whom Ben vows will not die without justice.

By sunset, Ben uses the map to find a wrist-brace slingshot and some marbles amongst a buried box of Charlie's personal effects. Ben heads for a hidden grotto of water that he and his girlfriend had swam in, only to find it dried up as his sun-burnt body now freezes in the desert night. Madec keeps watch with his vehicle's high-powered floodlights. Ben eventually outsmarts Madec to overcome him with the slingshot.

Back in town, Madec escapes from police custody during a bathroom break to board a helicopter that he solicited using his one phone call. Ben goes to his girlfriend and promises not to leave her side again. An armed Madec sneaks into their house as Ben and his girlfriend sleep and confronts them, but Ben's girlfriend shoots Madec using the same gun Ben gave to her. Madec is then killed by Ben.


On September 7, 2013, Michael Douglas and Jeremy Irvine joined the cast. Principal photography and production began on September 13, 2013, in Farmington, New Mexico.

"Beyond the Reach" premiered at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival on September 6, 2014. On September 7, 2014, Roadside Attractions picked up the distribution rights to the film for $2 million. The film was released on April 17, 2015, by Roadside Attractions.

The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 36%, based on 69 reviews, with a rating of 4.95/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Beyond the Reach" promises goofy genre pleasures, but fails to deliver, losing the viewer — and a villainous turn from Michael Douglas — in a misguided story that stumbles to the finish." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 33 out of 100, based on 18 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" gave the film a half a star out of four, saying ""Beyond the Reach" fails to achieve the Southwestern-noir potency of "No Country for Old Men", but there's no denying it brings to mind another Southwestern classic about malicious pursuit: the Road Runner cartoons." Bill Goodykoontz of "The Arizona Republic" gave the film two out of five stars, saying ""Beyond the Reach" is a misfire, one of those movies that never quite rises to the level of guilty pleasure. Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" gave the film one and a half stars out of four, saying "There are goofy, primal pleasures to be had in the first two-thirds of the film. But "Beyond the Reach" exceeds even its humble grasp in the final act, collapsing in a clatter of blockheaded manhunter-movie cliches." Tirdad Derakhshani of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" gave the film two out of four stars, saying "There's not much here: The characters are paper-thin, and the action is slow, at times agonizingly so."

Linda Barnard of the "Toronto Star" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Douglas is in his element and the throwback, stylized look of the production makes "Beyond the Reach" an entertaining hit of escapist fun." Gary Goldstein of the "Los Angeles Times" gave the film a negative review, saying ""Beyond the Reach" is a grueling, unsatisfying thriller that fails the logic test in spectacular ways. Joe Neumaier of "New York Daily News" gave the film one out of five stars, saying "This film, though, lacks any spine. Director Jean-Baptiste Léonetti isn’t sure if he’s making a Hemingway-lite faceoff or a hemmed-in horror flick."



</doc>
<doc id="43935124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43935124" title="Pearl of the South Pacific">
Pearl of the South Pacific

Pearl of the South Pacific is a 1955 American adventure film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Jesse L. Lasky, Jr. and Talbot Jennings. The film stars Virginia Mayo, Dennis Morgan, David Farrar, Murvyn Vye, and Lance Fuller. The film was released on July 4, 1955, by RKO Radio Pictures.

Dan Merrill awakens on his boat after a night of drinking to find his former love, Rita Delaine, there with his partner, Bully Hague. Appealing to his greed, Rita and Bully coax him into coming along to an island where supposedly they can dive for a hidden treasure of rare black pearls.

On the island, high priest Michael, a white man, has a son, George, who is about to marry Momu, the daughter of Halemano, the native chief. The arrival of the boat carrying Dan, Rita, and Bully interrupts the wedding ceremony. Before the interlopers can be repelled, Rita poses as a missionary and George, who has never seen the outside world, persuades his father to welcome her to their isle.

After a prank during which her clothes are stolen, Rita ingratiates herself with the natives and infatuates George. He shows her a lagoon where the pearls can be found but refuses to dive, calling it taboo. Rita laughs and dives in, only to encounter a giant, deadly octopus.

Bully becomes more aggressive in seeking the pearls. He goes to the lagoon with George and together they slay the octopus, but Bully then stabs him in the back. The natives come after the newcomers and kill Bully with a spear. Halemano also orders Rita to be put to death, but Dan rescues her. He gives back the pearls, however, and decides with Rita to remain there, living on the island, rather than sail away.



</doc>
<doc id="43936447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43936447" title="Lady Luck (1936 film)">
Lady Luck (1936 film)

Lady Luck is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Charles Lamont. It was made by Chesterfield Motion Pictures Corporation.

In New York City, Mamie Murphy is working as a manicurist when she hears on the salon's radio that she has won $2,500 on the racehorse Lady Luck in the sweepstakes draw, with the chance to win a further $150,000. Newspaper reporter Dave Haines is sent to interview Mamie because he already knows her and fancies her. She turns down his invitation to accompany him that evening to the Blue Moon nightclub, but accepts an invitation from "businessman" Jack Conroy to meet there.

Conroy, who is actually a financially strapped playboy, is visited at his home by mild-mannered James Hemingway, who half-heartedly threatens him with a revolver and tells him to stay away from his wife. Conroy denies any involvement with her.

Arriving at the Blue Moon about 9pm, Conroy wines and dines Mamie, while being watched scathingly by Mrs. Hemingway who is seated nearby. It's obvious that Conroy has in fact had a romantic liaison with her.

The next day at the salon, Mamie signs a deal with theatrical agents Feinberg Goldberg Sternberg & O'Rooney that will give her a career in showbiz, but only if she wins the $150,000 sweepstake. The win is stipulated because it will give Mamie and any productions in which she appears an enormous amount of free publicity.

That evening Mamie learns that she hasn't won anything at all when the real winner, an older woman also named Mamie Murphy, turns up at her door. The older Murphy offers to keep silent so the showbiz deal will go through.

The horse race is held and Lady Luck wins. Mamie is now making newspaper headlines, and she and "Aunt" Mamie accept the offer from a real estate dealer to move into a plush apartment complete with servants for one month, for his publicity purposes. Mamie and Conroy publicly announce plans to marry.

A maid at the new apartment overhears Mamie telling "Aunt" Mamie the whereabouts of her ticket. Soon after, Mamie and Aunt Mamie are drugged with laced coffee and sleep for hours. They find Conroy's dead body in the room when they awaken.

Haines, Mamie, Aunt Mamie, Conroy's valet Briggs, Hemingway and his wife all come under suspicion, but eventually it's revealed that Blue Moon owner Tony Morelli and his wife Rita had planned to get their hands on the sweepstake ticket from the start and had set up the loan of the apartment with crooked servants for that purpose. Their plan was to get the ticket, pass off Rita as Mamie, and collect a fortune from a banker in exchange for the ticket. Conroy had unexpectedly arrived ahead of the banker, realized a plot was going on, and threatened to reveal the plotters to police so that Mamie's fortune and his marriage to her wouldn't be jeopardized. Tony had shot him and implicated Mamie and Aunt Mamie.

The rich Aunt Mamie is attracted to Detective Lieutenant James Riley and they go off to a movie together. Mamie, although left with nothing, realises that may be better than the troubles brought on by fame and fortune, and resumes her feisty friendship with Dave Haines.




</doc>
<doc id="43937284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43937284" title="Sa Kuko Ng Agila">
Sa Kuko Ng Agila

Sa Kuko Ng Agila, also known as In the Claws of the Eagle, is a 1989 film directed by Augusto Buenaventura, written by Ricky Lee, and starring Joseph Estrada alongside Nikki Coseteng, Maria Isabel Lopez, Tommy Abuel, Paquito Diaz and Jinggoy Estrada. The film is a depiction of the real Olongapo City when the U.S. Military bases were still there.

Tonyo (Joseph Estrada), a mini-bus driver in Olongapo, opposes U.S. military bases in the Philippines. He saw the changes of the city after the military bases were established. Social problems of corruption, prostitution, poverty, and the plight of fishermen after the base appropriated much of the land and sea. The movie depicts his struggle between principle and practicality, a battle of healthy past and promising future and the quest for freedom and nationalism.



</doc>
<doc id="43939593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43939593" title="The Half-Breed">
The Half-Breed

The Half-Breed is a 1952 American Western film directed by Stuart Gilmore and written by Harold Shumate, Richard Wormser and Charles Hoffman. The film stars Robert Young, Janis Carter, Jack Buetel, Barton MacLane, Reed Hadley and Porter Hall. The film was released on May 4, 1955, by RKO Pictures.

The Apache near the fictional town of San Remo, Arizona, are subject to exploitation by local whites and a corrupt US Indian agent. Charlie Wolf (known as the half-breed for his partial European ancestry) tries to lead his people during difficult times. Dan Craig (Robert Young) is a gambler who comes to town and gets involved in negotiations between Wolf and the townspeople, who fear an Apache attack. At the same time, there are rumors of gold in the ground under the Apache reservation, increasing the threat to them by European-American encroachment.



</doc>
<doc id="43940526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43940526" title="The Lawbreakers">
The Lawbreakers

The Lawbreakers is a 1961 film directed by Joseph M. Newman. Made in a film noir style, the crime drama is based on the pilot episode of the 1961 television series "The Asphalt Jungle" and stars an ensemble cast including Jack Warden, Vera Miles, Robert Douglas, and Arch Johnson.

The film tells the story of a scheme to double-cross the syndicate and steal its money, and of a police commissioners efforts to investigate homicides that take place as the scheme unfolds while also fighting corruption in the city government and police department.

Allen Bardeman (Robert Douglas) is a prominent, married lawyer who collects money from the numbers racket for the syndicate. His legal secretary, Angela Walsh (Vera Miles), is also his mistress, and he provides her with a house of her own, where Sam Henry (Robert Bailey) – a corrupt New York City administrator who acts as a "bag man" for the syndicate – makes a weekly visit to pick up money from Bardeman. Bardemans lavish lifestyle and tax problems have placed him deeply in debt. Angela urges him to solve his money problems by staging a robbery of the syndicates money, using a man he knows will play the role of armed robber for him. She then visits Ed Rackin (Ken Lynch), a nightclub owner who looks out for the syndicates local interests and who Henry also visits to collect syndicate numbers proceeds. Their conversation reveals that Bardeman is unaware that they know one another, and that Angela and Rackin are scheming to take Bardemans money after the staged robbery and run off together.

Bardeman arranges to have the robbery take place at Angelas house during Henrys weekly visit. During the robbery, Henry unexpectedly pulls a gun on the disguised robber, who shoots and mortally wounds Henry. The robber turns out to be Rackin, who drives off in Henrys car with the money and the dying Henry. When the police find Henrys body at the wheel of his car alongside a road soon afterwards, New York Police Department Captain Matthew Gower (Jack Warden) and his homicide squad launch an investigation into his murder.

Gower is an idealistic and honest cop and outspoken critic of the corruption he finds all around him in the city government and police force. He has faced repeated reprimands and disciplinary action, including a demotion from deputy inspector to captain, at the hands of the corrupt Police Commissioner James Deane (David White), who punishes him when he interferes in syndicate activities. When Mayor Harold Emshaw (James Seay), facing pressure from the press to clean up the city government and police department, removes Deane from his position, he appoints Gower as acting commissioner, promoting him over the head of his superior, Chief Inspector Gus Honochek (Arch Johnson). Gower sets about creating a hand-picked team of honest detectives to work directly under him to investigate organized crime activities, including Sergeant Frank Orte (Douglas Odney) and the resentful Honochek.

Gowers men quickly determine that Henry was a syndicate collector, and observe Rackin meeting Joe Selkin (Robert H. Harris), a syndicate troubleshooter, at the airport. They secretly begin to follow Selkin. Selkin visits Bardemans office, accuses Bardeman of stealing the missing money, and orders him to return it by the following morning. After Selkin leaves, Angela comforts the panicky Bardeman. She urges him to call Rackin and tell him to bring the money to Bardeman; she tells Bardeman to threaten to tell Selkin that Rackin has the money if Rackin does not bring it. Bardeman agrees to make the call. Meanwhile, when word of Selkins visit to Bardeman reaches Gower, Gower and Orte begin to suspect that Bardeman is a frontman for the syndicate

Rackin visits Bardeman in his law office that evening without bringing the money and pulls a gun on Bardeman. When Bardeman tells Rackin that he has a way of protecting himself from such threats, Rackin shocks him by replying that he knows because Angela told him; it is the first time that Bardeman realizes that Angela and Rackin know one another. Rackin then shoots Bardeman to death and removes the audio tape from a tape recorder in Bardemans desk drawer that Angela had told him would be making a recording of the encounter. When Angela arrives at the office the following morning, she enters Bardemans office, sees his body on the floor, checks to make sure the tape is missing, and then collects a second tape recorder that has been running overnight and was hidden under a statue in the office. She then feigns emotional distress and calls the police.

That same morning, Selkin, unaware of Bardemans death the evening before, calls Rackin and orders him to kill Bardeman for not delivering the stolen money on time. A delighted Rackin agrees, realizing that the syndicate suspects only Bardeman of having stolen its money, and does not tell Selkin that Bardeman already is dead. Immediately afterwards, Honochek brings Selkin in for questioning. Orte reports to Gower that ballistics evidence shows that the same gun killed both Henry and Bardeman, and Gower hypothesizes that someone else was involved in Henrys murder and then killed Bardeman to avoid having to split the money stolen from Henry. When Honochek reports that Selkin had called Rackin that morning, Gower informs Selkin – much to Selkin's surprise – that Bardeman had been murdered the previous evening and orders Selkin held on suspicion of homicide. Deciding that Rackin is the man who can tie together Bardemans death with syndicate activities, Gower orders Honochek to tail Rackin.

Angela telephones Rackin and plays the second audio tape over the phone to him; it clearly incriminates him in Bardemans murder. When he expresses gratitude that she found it instead of the police and asks her to erase or destroy it, she informs him that instead she will give the tape to him, but only if he gives her all of the stolen money. They agree to meet at the train station to exchange the tape for the money. Meanwhile, Ortes questioning of Angelas officemates at Bardemans law firm reveals that she entered his office every morning to retrieve and transcribe audio tapes Bardeman used for dictation, and the tape being missing on the morning Angela found Bardemans body prompts Gower to order that Angela be brought in for further questioning. Before the police can do so, Honochek, tailing Rackin, telephones Gower to report Angela meeting with Rackin at the train station. Gower and Orte immediately drive to the train station and join up with Honochek.

When Angela meets Rackin, she admits to him that she had been planning all along to double-cross him as well as Bardeman. She orders him to place the money in a locker at the train station, after which she will place the tape in the same locker. Rackin places the money in the locker, and when Angela exchanges the tape for the money, approaches her threateningly. She throws the locker key at him to force him to retrieve it rather than chase her, then runs off and gets into a taxicab, but two of Gowers detectives stop the cab almost immediately and arrest her. At the train station, Rackin gets the tape from the locker, then runs when he sees Gower, Honochek, and Orte approaching. Cornered, he pulls a gun, and Orte fatally shoots him.

Believing that Selkin ordered Rackin to kill Bardeman but unable to prove it with Rackin dead, Gower orders Selkin released. Gower tells Selkin to take word back to the syndicate that with him as police commissioner, organized crime activities were going to become very difficult in the future, and that the syndicate would be wise to pull out of town. Dropping Gower off at his home that evening, Honochek calls Gower "Commissioner" with a smile, demonstrating that Gower has earned his respect as a leader and that he no longer harbors any ill will about Gowers promotion.


In the spring and summer of 1961, ABC broadcast a television series in the United States entitled "The Asphalt Jungle". Produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television in a film noir style, it was a gritty, hard-boiled police drama starring Jack Warden, Arch Johnson, and William Smith (billed as "Bill Smith") as detectives in the police force of an unnamed Midwestern city, specializing in investigating the activities of organized crime. Although inspired by the acclaimed 1950 film "The Asphalt Jungle", which in turn had been based on the 1949 W. R. Burnett novel of the same name, the television series had nothing in common with either the film or the novel other than its title, using new characters and storylines. Premiering on April 2, 1961, it drew mediocre ratings, and ABC cancelled it after airing its thirteenth episode on June 25, 1961.

MGM Television filmed "The Asphalt Jungle"s pilot episode, "The Lady and the Lawyer", in 1960. ABC aired it as the series second episode on April 9, 1961. Unlike other episodes of "The Asphalt Jungle", it did not include Smith or his Sergeant Danny Keller character as the third featured detective alongside Gower and Honochek, instead featuring Douglas Odney as Sergeant Frank Orte, although it used the series standard opening credits that included Smith. Anticipating the shows cancellation and deciding to create a theatrical film for distribution in Europe, MGM Television shot an additional 30 minutes of footage using the same cast and crew as "The Lady and the Lawyer." Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer used the additional footage to re-edit and expand "The Lady and the Lawyer" to create "The Lawbreakers" as a 79-minute theatrical film, which, like "The Lady and the Lawyer," included Odney and his Orte character and did not include Smith or his Keller character. "The Lawbreakers" was released in Europe and elsewhere in 1961 after the cancellation of "The Asphalt Jungle"; for example, it was released in August 1961 in West Germany, and it eventually was released on various dates in such countries as Brazil, Finland, Italy, Mexico, and Sweden.

Duke Ellington wrote the theme music for "The Asphalt Jungle" television series, and it was used in "The Lady and the Lawyer"; music by Johnny Mandel replaced it in "The Lawbreakers". Otherwise, production credits for "The Lawbreakers" were the same as those for "The Lady and the Lawyer".

Intended from the outset for theatrical release in Europe rather than the United States, "The Lawbreakers" is considerably more violent and risqué than domestic American films of the era and far more so than any episode of "The Asphalt Jungle" television series. The additional footage shot for the film includes scantily clad prostitutes and showgirls and a striptease performance by a woman on the stage at Rackins nightclub, which could not have aired on American television in 1961 and probably would not have been included in a domestic American film.

Never released theatrically in the United States, "The Lawbreakers" has been almost entirely forgotten there and is one of the most obscure of Joseph M. Newmans movies. Apparently, its only showing in the United States was a single broadcast on cable television on Turner Classic Movies over 40 years after its European release. The American Film Institute does not include "The Lawbreakers" in its Catalog of Feature Films.

In recent years, "The Lawbreakers" has been exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City and has received favorable reviews from online film bloggers, who have described it as tightly edited and directed, providing an informative and thorough depiction of the operations of both organized crime and the police, and featuring a surprisingly talented cast of character actors, considering its origin as a television series episode. Vera Miles performance as a film noir "femme fatale" and Joseph M. Newmans direction have been singled out for praise.




</doc>
<doc id="43941381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43941381" title="Hunting Humans">
Hunting Humans

Hunting Humans is a 2002 horror film written and directed by Kevin Kangas. The film gained notoriety when a copy of it was found among the possessions of murderer Adam Leroy Lane.

In Maryland, Aric Blue, a mortgage broker, leads a double life as a narcissistic serial killer, one who prides himself in discerning his victims' patterns and routines, while claiming to not have any traceable ones of his own. One night, Aric breaks into a multiplex to murder a projectionist, who he is shocked to discover is already dead, with a note left on his body that reads "I've Got Your Pattern". Enraged over the prospect of someone being on to him, Aric, in a fit of paranoia, shoots a suspicious dog walker. A few nights later, Aric is beaten unconscious in his home by the actual stalker, who identifies himself as "Dark". After Aric hires a private investigator named Marv to uncover information on Dark, his self-proclaimed rival challenges him to outdo his slaying of three picnickers, which Aric does by knifing four people in a theatre. Afterward, Aric learns from Marv that Dark is watching him through his own P.I., Frank Cooper.

Aric dismisses Marv, and picks up where he left off, intent on digging up everything he can on Dark through Frank. While doing so, Aric realizes that Dark is also spying on him through a co-worker named Barb, who Aric threatens into helping with his plan to get rid of Dark. Later, Aric breaks into Frank's house again, and this time he is confronted by Marv, who is really Dark. The two serial killers try to one-up each other with various trump cards, ending with Dark gunning down Frank (who kept switching sides for monetary reasons) and running off when Aric reveals he has brought along a sniper rifle-wielding workmate named Doug. Aric chases and fights Dark in the woods, with Dark having the upper hand until Aric shoots him with a handgun, one of eighteen he had left in the area in anticipation that his and Dark's battle would take place outside. Brad (who is unaware of Aric's true nature) appears, and is murdered by Aric, who relocates to another city after eliminating the rest of his co-workers, and other loose ends.


The film has been released multiple times on DVD, it was first released on Jul 22, 2003 by MTI Home Video. It was re-released later that same year by Film 2000. On Jan 1, 2007 the film was re-released on DVD by Trinity. The film was last released on DVD as a part of a double-sided combo pack with three other films which was released by Allegro Corporation on Jun 7, 2011.

While Bill Paterson of Beyond Hollywood was critical of elements like the dialogue and acting, he admitted that the storyline was innovative and disturbing, and that "production value aside, the film is tightly edited and flows nicely". Horror Talk's Steve Pattee gave "Hunting Humans" an overall grade of 3½ out of 5, and wrote, "Kangas has entered moviemaking not with a bang, but an explosion. Some of his visuals make me wonder if — given time to develop — he will have a unique style that will make his movies immediately recognizable, like Martin Scorsese's or Michael Mann's. For now, however, he has written a mean, smart, original script with "Humans" and has done an admirable job directing it as well". Conversely, Evan Wade of Something Awful allotted the film a score of -37 out -50, and described it as "the kind of project that comes about when a bunch of people from the YMCA summer creative writing course decide to get together, overdose on Benadryl, and write a movie". In a review of Kangas's 2004 feature "Fear of Clowns", DVD Talk's Scott Weinberg dismissed "Hunting Humans" as something "you needn't rent anytime soon".



</doc>
<doc id="43943330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43943330" title="Lum and Abner Abroad">
Lum and Abner Abroad

Lum and Abner Abroad is a 1956 American comedy film directed by James V. Kern and written by Carl Herzinger. The film stars Chester Lauck, Norris Goff, Jill Alis, Lila Audres, Gene Gary and Chris Peters. The film was released on January 1, 1956.

The film consists of three two-reel episodes. In each, Lum and Abner visit a different city in Europe.



"Lum and Abner Abroad" was originally conceived as a television series and a comeback vehicle for the Lum and Abner characters. The duo had appeared in six feature films and a long-running radio series between 1935 and 1950, but other than a short-lived radio revival in 1953, had not appeared in media since then. "Lum and Abner" had made at least one previous effort to transition to television under the more familiar format of the radio show; like "Lum and Abner Abroad", that effort was also unsuccessful, although the pilot episode of the other series also survives.

Had "Lum and Abner Abroad" been picked up as a series, the three shorts would have constituted three individual episodes of the series. As the series was not picked up, they were instead hastily strung together and released as a feature film. 

None of the production staff for the six previous Lum and Abner films returned for this film. It served as James V. Kern's last theatrical directorial effort, as he had shifted almost exclusively to television by this point in his life.

A retrospective review at "TV Guide" praised Lum and Abner's performances but criticized the poor editing (fade-outs and fade-ins for commercial breaks were left in the theatrical prints) and simplistic script, giving the film one out of five stars.


</doc>
<doc id="43944253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43944253" title="Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (film)">
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (film)

Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children is a 2016 American fantasy film directed by Tim Burton and written by Jane Goldman, based on the 2011 novel of the same name by Ransom Riggs. The film stars Eva Green, Asa Butterfield, Chris O'Dowd, Allison Janney, Rupert Everett, Terence Stamp, Ella Purnell, Judi Dench, and Samuel L. Jackson.

Filming began in February 2015 in London and the Tampa Bay Area. The film premiered at Fantastic Fest in Austin, Texas, on September 25, 2016, and was theatrically released in the United States on September 30, 2016, by 20th Century Fox. It received mixed reviews and grossed $296 million worldwide against a production budget of $110 million.

Abe Portman has told stories to his grandson Jake about his childhood surviving World War II, battling monsters and living at a secret home for children on the island of Cairnholm, Wales. According to Abe, the home's children and their headmistress Miss Alma Peregrine possess paranormal abilities and are known as "Peculiars". When Jake turns 16, he responds to a phone call from Abe and finds him dying with his eyes removed. Abe tells him to go to "the loop of September 3, 1943". After Abe dies, Jake glimpses a monster, like the ones described in Abe's stories, hiding in the forest.

Jake's parents arrange psychiatric check-ups, and following advice from his psychiatrist, Dr. Nancy Golan, and the clue of a letter from Miss Peregrine to Abe, Jake travels to the United Kingdom, where he goes to Wales with his father to investigate the children's home on Cairnholm, learning that it was destroyed in a Luftwaffe raid. Upon visiting the ruined house, he finds the children there alive and well. They take him through a portal in a cave and he emerges in the year 1943 when the house was still intact. Miss Peregrine greets him and explains that she belongs to a class of all-female Peculiars called "Ymbrynes" who can shapeshift into birds –in her case, a peregrine falcon – and manipulate time. To avoid persecution, she and the children hide from the outside world in a time loop she created, accessible only to Peculiars and set to September 3, 1943. This time loop allows them to live the same day repeatedly and avoid aging as long as they stay inside it.

Jake is introduced to other children, including aerokinetic Emma Bloom, to whom he is attracted. Jake learns that he himself is a Peculiar and, like Abe, has the ability to see the invisible monsters from Abe's stories, "Hollowgast" (or "Hollows"). Hollows are invisible, disfigured rogue Peculiar scientists that resulted from killing an Ymbryne in a failed experiment to become immortal by harvesting her powers. Led by shapeshifter Mr. Barron, they hunt Peculiars to consume their eyeballs, which allows them to become "Wights", Hollows with regained visible human forms, but with milky-white eyes. A wounded Ymbryne named Miss Avocet arrives and explains that Barron and the Hollows and Wights raided her January 2016 time loop at Blackpool, England, killed her children, and are trying to repeat Barron's failed experiment by using more Ymbrynes. Worried, Miss Peregrine decides to move out with her children and Miss Avocet.

Jake returns to 2016 and confirms a Hollow is on the island after another victim is killed, so he returns to the cave to warn his friends, followed by a disguised Barron. Barron catches Jake and reveals that he was about to gain Miss Peregrine's loop from Abe, but his hungry Hollow companion Mr. Malthus killed him before he could. Barron then posed as Dr. Golan and encouraged Jake to go to the island so Barron could find the loop. Using Jake as a hostage at the children's home, Barron forces Miss Peregrine to trap herself in bird form and takes her to Blackpool, leaving Jake, the children, and Miss Avocet as prey for Malthus. Miss Avocet is killed, but Jake and the children escape just as the Luftwaffe bomb is about to destroy the house, killing Malthus. The loop closes, leaving Jake and the children stuck in 1943. Rescuing a sunken ocean liner, they travel to Blackpool and enter its January 2016 loop, fight Barron's Wight and Hollow allies, and rescue Miss Peregrine and other captive Ymbrynes. Barron disguises himself as Jake, hoping to confuse the children who have come to finish him off. When the last remaining Hollow arrives, it mistakenly kills Barron, and is in turn killed by Jake.

Before the time loop closes, Emma tells Jake that because of Miss Peregrine's injury in the battle, the children will live in 1943 and that they will handle the Hollows. Jake says goodbye to them as they exit and return to their ship in 1943, while he stays in his present in 2016. He returns to Florida and relates his adventures to his grandfather, who is alive and well, as Barron's death in the beginning of 2016 erased his presence in Florida later on. Abe gives Jake a map of international time loops and money from different countries and urges him to seek out Emma.

After months of searching and traveling, Jake reaches Emma and the children in 1943. Emma and Jake confess their feelings, and start traveling along with Miss Peregrine and the other children, searching for a new home.





Director Tim Burton makes a cameo appearance in the film as a visitor at the fun fair in Blackpool who gets a skeleton thrown at him by a Hollow. Glen Mexted, who previously worked with Burton as an extra in both "Dark Shadows" and the music video for the Killers' "Here with Me", also appears in the same scene as a customer eating ice cream.

The film rights to the 2011 novel "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" by Ransom Riggs were sold to 20th Century Fox in May of that year. In November, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that Tim Burton was in talks to direct and would also be involved in selecting a writer. On December 2, Jane Goldman was reportedly hired to adapt the story as a screenplay for the film.

On July 28, 2014, Eva Green was set to play Miss Peregrine in the film; Mischa Barton, Lucy Hale and Alison Sudol were also considered. On September 24, 2014, it was announced that Asa Butterfield was being eyed for the second lead role as Burton's choice, but that at that time he had not yet been offered the role. On November 5, 2014, Ella Purnell was offered a role and was in final talks to join the film; it was also reported that Butterfield had been offered the male lead role, and was the favored choice. On February 6, 2015, Samuel L. Jackson was added to the cast to play Mr. Barron, while Butterfield was confirmed for the second lead role. Terence Stamp, Chris O'Dowd, Rupert Everett, Kim Dickens, and Judi Dench were announced as being in the cast on March 12, 2015.

Filming was initially set to begin in August 2014 in London. Principal photography on the film began on February 24, 2015 in the Tampa Bay Area. Filming lasted for two weeks in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties, in the Florida area. It is the second Tim Burton film to be shot in the Tampa Bay area, the first being "Edward Scissorhands", in 1989. Production of the film later moved to Caerhays Castle and Minions in Cornwall, and Blackpool in the United Kingdom, and Brasschaat, a municipality close to Antwerp, Belgium.

The film's score was composed by Mike Higham and Matthew Margeson. This makes only the third time that Tim Burton didn't collaborate with Danny Elfman on a score for one of his directorial efforts, the other two being "Ed Wood" and "". The soundtrack was released on October 11, 2016, by La-La Land Records. Florence and the Machine recorded the film's end credits song, "Wish That You Were Here".

"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" was originally set for a release date of July 31, 2015. The release date moved to March 4, 2016, then again to December 25, 2016, before finally moving to September 30, 2016.

"Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" grossed $87.2 million in the United States and Canada and $207.9 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $295.1 million, against a production budget of $110 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened alongside "Deepwater Horizon" and was projected to gross around $25 million from 3,522 theaters in its opening weekend. In total, the film earned $28.9 million during its opening weekend, finishing first at the box office. The opening was on par with "Dark Shadows"' $29.7 million in 2012, Burton's last big budgeted film. "Variety" called it "a mediocre start" given the film's $110 million budget.

It had number one openings in Russia ($6.3 million), France ($5.3 million), Mexico (3.8 million), Australia ($3.1 million), Brazil ($2.7 million) and the Philippines ($1.7 million) and the biggest opening for Burton in Malaysia and Indonesia. In South Korea, it debuted at number two with $5.2 million. The film was released in China and Italy in December 2016 and Japan in February 2017.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 64% based on 245 reviews, with an average rating of 5.93/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" proves a suitable match for Tim Burton's distinctive style, even if it's on stronger footing as a visual experience than a narrative one." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 57 out of 100 based on 43 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

IGN critic Samatha Ladwig gave the film a 7.2/10, summarizing her review with: "Though there are lingering questions about certain characters by the time the end credits roll, the film's striking visuals help compensate for its unemotional and anti-climactic script." Justin Chang of "Los Angeles Times" wrote "Easily the director's finest work since his masterful 2007 screen adaptation of "", and a striking reminder of what an unfettered gothic imagination can achieve with the right focus and an infusion of discipline." "USA Today"&apos;s Brian Truitt gave the film 3½ out of 4 and wrote, "After a long run of dystopian YA movies for teen crowds, Burton is just the right guy to make cinema weird again." Calvin Wilson of "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" gave the film 3.5 out of 4 and stated, "Burton delivers his most ambitious and engaging film since "Sweeney Todd" (2007). Although the story becomes increasingly complex as it goes along, the emotional payoff is more than worth it."

Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" gave the film 3 out of 4 and wrote "The very idea of this - at once gruesome and darkly funny — is perfectly suited to Burton's sensibility, which also reveals itself in the casting of Butterfield, who has the quality of a young, slightly less freaky Johnny Depp." "The Guardian's" Jordan Hoffman gave the film 4 out of 5 and said, "We get the playfulness of seeing quirky magic powers mixed with the familiarity of how a time loop plays out. Add in Burton's authorial visual stamp and what we've got is an extremely pleasing formula. It gels as Tim Burton's best (non-musical) live-action movie for 20 years." James Berardinelli from "ReelViews" gave the film 3 out of 4 and stated, "Overall, despite feeling a little long and suffering from a rushed ending, "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" is a fresh and engaging storybook adventure that should appeal to viewers both inside and out of the core demographic." "The New York Times&apos;" Manohla Dargis gave a positive review, writing: "The story gets awfully busy — you may get lost in 1943 or perhaps closer to the present — but it scarcely matters. Mr. Burton's attention to detail and to the ebb and flow of tone (scary, funny, eerie), as well as his sensitive, gentle work particularly with the child actors, make each new turn another occasion for unfettered imagination." Devan Coggan from "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film "B-" (67/100), with describing the film "The film chooses style over substance, emphasizing how cool the children's powers are without fleshing them out as full characters. To compete with Burton's best, his heroic weirdos need a little more heart — and the monsters need sharper teeth."

Kyle Smith of the "New York Post", Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" and Tom Huddleston of "Time Out" decried the film. According to Smith, who gave the film 2 stars out of 4: "It may be senseless, but it's sumptuous: the picture looks like it cost about a billion bucks, with absolutely every detail giving Burton an excuse to take his mad picture-book mind and let loose, the way Emma the girl full of air keeps soaring away from earthly constraints. Burton may give us a bland hero, a tepid love story and a muddled plot but, hey, at least he's got a skeleton army doing battle with giant tentacle monsters at an amusement park." Roeper, who scored the film 1½ stars out of 4, began his review by writing: "I'm wondering if the mutant kids at "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children" ever play basketball against their rivals across the pond, Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters. I'd watch that. I'd certainly rather watch that than Tim Burton's adaptation of the popular children's book about a school for freakishly gifted children. This is a messy, confusing, uninvolving mishmash of old-school practical effects and CGI battles that feels ... off nearly every misstep of the way. Tom Huddleston of "Time Out" gave the film 2 stars out of 5, writing: "Director Tim Burton likes his films busy: watch a classic like "Beetlejuice" or "Batman", and you'll be pushed to find a single frame that isn't packed with background detail, weird creatures, ornate furnishings and intricate costumes. The problem with his new film, "Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children", is that the script is every bit as busy and it can get pretty confusing."



</doc>
<doc id="43944557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43944557" title="Falcon Rising">
Falcon Rising

Falcon Rising is a 2014 American action adventure film directed by Ernie Barbarash and starring Michael Jai White, Neal McDonough, Laila Ali and Masashi Odate. Formerly titled "Favela", "Falcon Rising" was intended to be the first installment of Moonstone Entertainment's "CODENAME: FALCON" action franchise which was to revolve around former Marine character John "Falcon" Chapman, "a dark anti-hero driven by guilt, who will destroy himself unless given something else to destroy - a useful weapon-of-last-resort for the foreign ministry." "Falcon Rising" had a limited theatrical release on September 5, 2014.

John "Falcon" Chapman is a United States Marine Corps veteran who suffers from posttraumatic stress disorder. After playing Russian roulette, he enters a convenience store moments before it is robbed. He demands one of the robbers shoot him, and when the man hesitates, Chapman grows impatient, disarms the robbers, and foils the robbery. When he meets with his sister Cindy, who has briefly returned to New York for a wedding, she chastises him for not taking his medication and explains that she is returning to Brazil, where she has been doing charity work for a non-profit organization. Chapman receives word from Manny Ridley, a fellow veteran and diplomat, that his sister has been severely beaten. Chapman immediately leaves for Brazil.

Chapman meets Thiago Santo and his partner Carlo Bororo, who are investigating his sister's assault. Though no witnesses have come forward, Santo promises justice. Santo and Ridley warn Chapman to avoid the gangster-controlled favelas, but Chapman insists on performing his own investigation. Katarina Da Silva, a beat cop, shows Chapman where his sister was found. When Chapman visits his sister in the hospital, an Asian nurse administers medicine to Cindy's IV. Cindy goes into convulsions, and Chapman calls for help. The hospital says they have no Asian nurses, and Ridley suggests that the yakuza may be involved, as Brazil has a sizable Japanese immigrant population.

Chapman returns to the favela and beats up several people when he notices one is wearing Cindy's necklace. Da Silva arrives and stops him, explaining that the man is Cindy's friend. Da Silva translates for him, and Chapman learns that Cindy gave her necklace to him after his sister disappeared. The man gives Chapman Cindy's torn journal, which he recovered, and Chapman apologizes. Using carbon paper, Chapman recovers a phone number and contacts another of Cindy's friends, a photographer, who explains that she was investigating corruption and a possible conspiracy involving human trafficking. When the photographer is unwilling to part with proof, Chapman pickpockets it. The photographer dies in a car bomb seconds later.

After engaging in a gun fight with yakuza gangsters, Chapman investigates a nightclub with yakuza ties. There, he beats up a Brazilian smuggler who works for Hirimoto, the yakuza boss. Ridley identifies official documents as fakes and the two realize the yakuza are kidnapping young girls from the favela and forcing them into prostitution. At the same time, Santo organizes a violent raid of the favela, killing many Brazilian drug dealers. When one of his officers stumbles onto a yakuza kidnapping, Santo kills the officer and demands double his pay from the yakuza. Chapman investigates a yakuza brothel, where he is recognized and beats up several gangsters. Santo is called to kill him, but when Da Silva also arrives, Santo is unable to do anything.

Chapman hands over the evidence of smuggling and human trafficking to Santo but becomes suspicious when Santo accidentally reveals knowledge of the operation. On a hunch, Chapman sends Da Silva to protect his sister, and Da Silva kills the same yakuza assassin who previously pretended to be a nurse. Chapman tracks down a meeting between Santo, Bororo, and Hirimoto. After alerting Ridley, Chapman kills several yakuza and confronts the three men at once. Santo goes down first, then Bororo, and finally Hirimoto. As he lies dying, Santo denies involvement with Cindy's near-fatal attack, gives Chapman a key to a locker full of incriminating evidence, and requests a gun to commit suicide; Chapman obliges. Later, at a cafe, Ridley offers Chapman a job with the state department as an agent, which he accepts.


"Falcon Rising" was released on Video on Demand (VOD) platforms on September 4, 2014 and had a limited release in ten North American theaters on September 5, 2014. The film grossed $8,691 in its opening weekend and grossed $11,774 by the end of its theatrical run. "Falcon Rising" was released on DVD on October 27, 2014.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 43% of seven surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 5.5/10. Metacritic rated it 49/100 based on four reviews. Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "a by-the-numbers thriller that mainly serves as a showcase for its star’s considerable fighting abilities". Nicolas Rapold of "The New York Times" likened the film to a 1980s TV cop show and wrote that although White's character is likeable, he is not menacing. Tom Long of "The Detroit News" wrote, ""Falcon Rising" is filled with so many action-flick cliches it could serve as a text on how not to do things." Simon Abrams of "The Village Voice" compared it to "Commando". Abrams wrote that White's character, despite his charisma, "comes across like another pseudo-heroic American behaving badly abroad". Soren Andersen of "The Seattle Times" wrote, "Nothing new here, in other words, but White’s electrifying performance makes it all seem somehow fresh." Charles Bramesco of The Dissolve rated it 3/5 stars and wrote, "Though Falcon Rising occasionally fails to distinguish itself from the glut of similar globe-trotting action potboilers, it succeeds on the merits of White's winning performance."



</doc>
<doc id="43944883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43944883" title="The Violators">
The Violators

The Violators is a 1957 American crime film directed by John Newland, written by Ernest Pendrell, and starring Arthur O'Connell, Nancy Malone, Fred Beir, Clarice Blackburn and Henry Sharp. It was released on November 27, 1957, RKO Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="43944913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43944913" title="No Way Home">
No Way Home

No Way Home is a 1996 film written and directed by Buddy Giovinazzo.

An ex-cons future is threatened by his brother's involvement with drugs.



</doc>
<doc id="43948224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43948224" title="That Night!">
That Night!

That Night! is a 1957 American drama film directed by John Newland and written by Jack Rowles and Robert Wallace. The film stars John Beal, Augusta Dabney, Shepperd Strudwick, Rosemary Murphy and Malcolm Brodrick. The film was released on August 22, 1957 by Universal-International.

The film was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Film, won that year by "The Bridge on the River Kwai", as well as a BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role nomination for Dabney.

Chris Bowden works at a New York City agency, writing commercials for television, and commutes to his Connecticut home daily on the train. One day, late for his daughter's birthday, Chris suffers a heart attack while aboard the train. An unscheduled stop is made to rush him to a hospital.

Although he is in his early 40s, Chris becomes concerned that his life could be near an end, particularly after a second attack. His wife Maggie also reevaluates her life, wondering if the stress of a marriage and work has led to this development. Each vows to reconsider what's important to them after Chris is finally released to come home.


</doc>
<doc id="43951082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43951082" title="L.A. Slasher">
L.A. Slasher

L.A. Slasher is a 2015 American horror-comedy film co-written and directed by Martin Owen. The film stars Andy Dick, Drake Bell, Mischa Barton, and Dave Bautista. 
The film was released on June 26, 2015 in a limited release by Arthur Jones.

Los Angeles learns that the city’s minor celebrities are being stalked when The Reality Star is found wandering the Hollywood hills wrapped in bloodied bandages. The self-proclaimed pop culture obsessed L.A. Slasher, a masked killer with a burning hatred for reality TV, begins abducting and torturing various stars while amassing a large cult following that monitors his activities as he posts videos online.

The Slasher stalks The Heiress as she dines with her friend The Socialite. After picking up a stash of cocaine from a pair of Drug Dealers in a cheap motel room, The Heiress is grounded by her parents for embarrassing herself while high at a family dinner. The Slasher abducts The Heiress from her room and later kidnaps The Socialite, as well.

As the kidnappings and torture continue, the citizens of Los Angeles are interviewed about the actions of the Slasher; most people generally do not care and feel that society is better off without them.

While The Actress hosts a party attended by her friend The Stripper, The Slasher nearly drowns The Teen Mom in a pool before abducting her. The Slasher releases video of the captive Heiress, prompting her parents to beg for her release on TV.

The Mayor publicly decries The Slasher’s actions. The Slasher then forcibly kidnaps him after The Mayor has a drunken sexual encounter with two women in a car outside a sleazy bar.

After taking a drive with The Actress, The Stripper ends up abducted by The Slasher. Meanwhile, The Producer plans on making a horror movie based on the crimes and The Slasher kidnaps him, too.

Holding his victims captive, The Slasher forces everyone to perform humiliating auditions that he posts online for his followers’ entertainment. The Teen Mom is killed on camera with an ax while dressed as Marilyn Monroe.

The Slasher cuts off The Socialite’s fingers. He then briefly attends a group therapy session at a Killers Anonymous meeting, but leaves before participating. The Slasher next abducts The Popstar at a boxing gym. After getting a haircut, The Slasher attacks The Heiress back at his lair. The Slasher then kidnaps The Actress while she searches for her missing stripper friend.

The Slasher releases The Stripper in order to play a cat and mouse game. The Stripper escapes to an abandoned gas station with online-enabled cameras, but no one watching at home responds to her cries for help. The Slasher continues chasing The Stripper through the desert before finally running her over with his van.

The Drug Dealers come to the desert looking for the location of an underground drug lab. One of the Drug Dealers reveals himself to be an Undercover Cop after calling in the discovery of The Stripper’s body lying in the sand. The other Drug Dealer shoots the Undercover Cop, but The Slasher then kills the Drug Dealer with a machete.

The Slasher loads up his van with the remaining hostages and drives into the city. He meets The Reporter who has been covering his crimes for local newscasts and they kiss because she “understands him.”

The police arrive at The Slasher’s desert lair with an ambulance. They discover The Mayor being held captive and forced to watch recordings of disgraced politicians making public apologies. The police also rescue The Actress.

After making his escape with The Reporter, The Slasher uses a remote control to unlock the back doors of his van. The Producer, The Popstar, The Heiress, and The Socialite go free.


A theatrical trailer was released on September 24, 2014. on June 24, 2015, the official theatrical poster was released.

On February 9, 2015, Archstone Distribution had acquired all North American distribution rights to the film and planned to release the film through AMC Theatres in 2015. The film was released in a limited release on June 26, 2015, with December 1, 2015 DVD and December 8, 2015 VOD releases to follow.

The film holds a 0% rating on the review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes; the average rating is 2.5/10 based on five reviews. Camilla Jackson of "Fangoria" gave it a positive review of 3 out of 4 stars, describing it as a "colorful feast for the eyes." Clayton Dillard of "Slant Magazine" gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four stars and wrote, "It [the film] inflates the meta conceit (already borderline overblown) of a pop-obsessed, sex-negative serial killer to excessive but trite proportions." Martin Tsai of the "Los Angeles Times" called the film "vile" and "worthless", writing that it "actively wishes harm" on the subjects of its criticism.


</doc>
<doc id="43954130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43954130" title="Miss You Already">
Miss You Already

Miss You Already is a 2015 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Morwenna Banks, based on Banks' 2013 radio drama "Goodbye". The film stars Toni Collette, Drew Barrymore, Dominic Cooper, Paddy Considine, Tyson Ritter, Frances de la Tour, and Jacqueline Bisset. It was screened in the Gala Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.

The film opened theatrically in the United Kingdom on 25 September 2015 and in the United States on 6 November 2015 to mixed to positive critical reviews.

Milly and Jess are best friends who met in grade school and do everything together. As they grow older, Milly settles down and marries her rocker boyfriend Kit while Jess becomes an environmentalist and marries her long-time boyfriend Jago.

Milly, busy with her career and her young family, learns that she has breast cancer after a long-delayed checkup. She finds herself unable to tell Kit and, after a week, finally confides in Jess. Once she tells Kit and their children, Scarlett and Ben, Milly tasks Jess with helping her get through chemotherapy and the two women joke around as Milly receives her treatments. During this time period, Jess, who has been unable to conceive naturally, puts off IVF treatments with Jago, feeling that she cannot keep trying to have children while Milly is sick. After Jago grows exasperated, Jess finally decides to give it a shot and the couple manage to conceive a baby shortly after. 

The night Jess learns that she is pregnant, Milly learns that though she has responded to the chemotherapy, she still needs a double mastectomy. She goes to a bar and gets drunk and, when Jess retrieves her, confesses that she has a big ego and does not want to appear unattractive. Jess reassures her that she will always want her in her life. Milly goes through with the double mastectomy but Jess finds herself unable to tell Milly she is pregnant as she feels as though her good news would cause Milly grief. Meanwhile, Jess learns Jago must go away to work on an oil-rig to pay for their IVF treatments. 

Milly finds herself growing increasingly distant from Kit after the surgery. After he arranges a surprise birthday dinner, Milly walks out, taking Jess with her and the two go all the way to Yorkshire ostensibly to see the moors where the Brontë sisters grew up, though, in reality, Milly is chasing down a bartender, Ace, that she had sex with post-surgery. When Jess discovers the deception, she and Milly fight and she reveals her pregnancy to Milly.

For a while, Milly and Jess are estranged. During this period, Jess learns that she is having a high-risk pregnancy while Milly learns that while her breast cancer is in remission she also has fatal malignant tumours in her brain. Milly tracks down Jess and the women reconcile. She also confesses her affair to Kit and although he feels betrayed, he decides to make love to Milly knowing that her days are numbered. Milly eventually tells her children that she will die and must go into hospice care. While there, she tells Jess she is holding on for the birth of Jess' first child.

Jess goes into labour early while Jago is still on the oil rig. While Kit does not want Milly to attend the labour, her mother, Miranda, helps her sneak out of the hospice so she is able to be there when Jess gives birth. Some days after, Milly dies at the hospice with Jess by her side. A few years later, Jess is pregnant with her second child, and the two families are having lunch together. Jess muses on how her friend was irreplaceable, but then recognizes a trait of hers in Scarlett.

The film is based on Morwenna Banks' radio play "Goodbye", which was first broadcast on BBC Radio 4. The project was first announced on 11 February 2012, when Paul Andrew Williams was set to direct and co-wrote the script with Morwenna Banks, Entertainment One had the UK, Canada, and Australian rights to the film. 

On 13 February 2012, It was announced that Jennifer Aniston would star in the film.

On 22 April 2014, it was announced that Catherine Hardwicke was set to direct the film, in which Rachel Weisz, who replaced Aniston and Toni Collette would star as lead actresses. The two leads would play childhood best friends whose relationship becomes troubled when one contracts breast cancer. Hardwicke said about the script,

But on 5 September, Drew Barrymore was added to the cast and replaced Weisz to portray her part along with Collette, Dominic Cooper, Paddy Considine, and Jacqueline Bisset. Cooper and Considine to play husbands of Barrymore and Collette, while Bisset would play Collette's character's mother. On 3 October Tyson Ritter joined the cast of the film to play the love interest of one of the lead female actresses.

Principal photography began on 7 September 2014 in London and later shooting also took place in North York Moors, England. The hospital that features in the film is the UCH Macmillan Cancer Centre.

The film was sold to several territories, including Germany, France, Japan, South Korea, and Hong Kong.

The film also features a promotional single from star Tyson Ritter's band The All-American Rejects entitled "There's a Place." The song reached number 33 of Billboard's Digital Rock Songs chart, and was met with widely positive reception from critics and fans alike.

"Miss You Already" opened theatrically in the United States on 6 November 2015 in 384 venues and earned $552,506 in its opening weekend. The film ended its run 17 days later on 22 November, with a gross of $1,162,653.

The film received positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 70% rating based on 102 reviews, with an average rating of 6/10. The site's consensus states: ""Miss You Already" isn't shy about going for filmgoers' tear ducts, but its solid script and talented cast are often powerful enough to make up for its more manipulative moments." Metacritic reports a 59 out of 100 rating, based on 24 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

"Miss You Already" was released on region 1 DVD and Blu-ray on 1 March 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43954131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43954131" title="The Mirror (2014 film)">
The Mirror (2014 film)

The Mirror is a 2014 British found footage horror film that was directed and written by Edward Boase. The movie had its world premiere on 8 September 2014 at the London FrightFest Film Festival and is based upon a 2013 news article based around a purportedly haunted mirror that left its owners "dogged by bad luck, financial misery, strange sightings and illness".

Flatmates Jemma (Jemma Dallender), Matt (Joshua Dickinson), and Steve (Nate Fallows) have decided to purchase a haunted mirror off of eBay in the hopes of winning the James Randi Foundation’s Paranormal Challenge. If they can show proof of supernatural or paranormal activity that can hold up under scientific testing, they will win a million dollars. After receiving the mirror, the trio sets up cameras to record any and all events that occur around the mirror, only to find that this may prove fatal.


"Nerdly" panned the movie, writing "There are some note-worthy scenes of gore in "The Mirror", one of which is completely spoiled by the films poster/DVD cover may I add, but even the most graphic of scenes can’t save what is a dull, mundane and ultimately annoying, horror movie." In contrast, "Total Film" nominated the film for two of their annual "Total Film Frightfest Awards", "Best Found-Footage Horror" and "Scariest Movie".



</doc>
<doc id="43954571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43954571" title="The Insatiable Moon">
The Insatiable Moon

The Insatiable Moon is a 2010 New Zealand drama film, based on a 1997 novel of the same name by Mike Riddell, who also wrote the screenplay. The film was directed by Rosemary Riddell, and stars Rawiri Paratene in the leading role as Arthur, self-proclaimed second son of God. Arthur sets off on a mission to find the 'Queen of Heaven', and finds her in Margaret (Sara Wiseman), just as the community boarding house he calls home faces threat.

The film focuses on themes around mental illness and discrimination, and draws on Mike Riddell's experiences working with those with mental health problems and those that are underprivileged. This is what both the novel and screenplay are based on. The film was shot in Ponsonby, a suburb of Auckland.

The film has been screened at Mental Health events, such as Mental Health Awareness Week in 2013.

Arthur is a Māori man, who sees himself as the second son of God, and works to enlighten those around him. Arthur is considered mentally ill, and lives in a Ponsonby boarding house, operated by the foul-mouthed but hard-working house manager Bob. His friends at the boarding house all have their share of problems, and view Arthur as a role model in many ways.

Arthur wanders the streets, searching for the 'Queen of Heaven', and finds her with community worker Margaret, during a chance encounter at a local cafe. Arthur returns to the boarding house, where the TV series 'Marae Investigates' are filming, and they speak to him as part of a series on boarding houses in the area. Margaret and Arthur meet again at the funeral of one of Arthur's friends, a man with mental problems who commits suicide. Margaret attends in the place of her colleague, who feels guilty as she turned the man away from the community centre because she could not understand him. After the funeral, Arthur invites Margaret back to the boarding house, and introduces her to Bob and the other house residents. Although Margaret is married, she forms a relationship with Arthur.

Health bureaucrats threaten the future of the boarding house, supported by a real estate developer, and so the local Vicar, Kevin, works with Bob and Margaret, who is eager to help, to organize a meeting with local businesses and residents. However, after arguments at the meeting between the opposing sides, no conclusion is decided. Arthur is frustrated at the meeting, and intervenes as the sides argue, eventually being removed by Bob after venting his frustrations at the audience.

Although the boarding house's future is uncertain, Arthur still has faith and buys a lottery ticket, in the hope of winning enough money to support expansions to the house and fix the health problems. However, when the ticket does not win, Arthur becomes withdrawn and is visibly upset and frustrated for several days, and grows distant with Margaret. Norm, a friend of Arthur's and an occasional resident at the house, notices these signs and recommends to Bob that Arthur is taken to a mental hospital, for assessment and help. While Arthur is at the hospital, a women whose daughter was abused by the man who committed suicide earlier in the film approaches Bob, and offers a cheque of $100,000 dollars, ensuring the future of the house.

Arthur is treated at the hospital, but attempts to escape and so staff are forced to restrain him, inject him with some form of sedative. However, due to the drugs he is already on for his mental health, Arthur loses consciousness and attempts by staff to resuscitate him are unsuccessful.

Bob is angry at the hospital staff and Margaret is devastated by Arthur's death, and a funeral is held for everyone to farewell him. The film ends with Arthur sitting on a park bench with Norm, where he hands him a pie and talks to him for a while. Although Norm realises Arthur is not actually there, he is still left holding the pie, as the film ends.

"The Insatiable Moon" originally had a budget of NZ$6 million, but the New Zealand Film Commission pulled its share of the funding, reducing the production budget to $340,000, and $120,000 for post-production.

The film was to star James Nesbitt and Timothy Spall as two of the leads. Their roles were recast when the bulk of the funding was pulled. Mike Riddell's wife Rosemary directed the film, her prior experience primarily in the theatre and one short film.

Principal photography took place over five weeks, with another six weeks set for post-production. 

The opening track of the movie, "The Sound", is by Luke Hurley as a busker playing his own song. As well he wrote many riffs for the project and recommended his Dunedin friend Neville Copland to be composer.

The film has a rating of 75% on Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 5.8 as of September 2014. It was mostly well received by critics, with a rating of 4/5 from the New Zealand Herald and 7/10 from TVNZ.

At the 2011 Moondance International Film Festival "The Insatiable Moon" won the Atlantis Award, for feature films made outside of the USA.

At the 2011 Aotearoa Film & Television Awards the film won Best Lead Actor in a feature film (Rawiri Paratene) and Best Supporting Actor in a feature film (Greg Johnson). The film also received nominations for Best Lead Actress(Sara Wiseman), Best Supporting Actress (Teresa Woodham), Best Screenplay (Mike Riddell)and Best Original Music (Neville Copland).



</doc>
<doc id="43955132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43955132" title="Bone Tomahawk">
Bone Tomahawk

Bone Tomahawk is a 2015 American Western horror film directed, written and co-scored by S. Craig Zahler in his feature film directorial debut, and stars Kurt Russell, Patrick Wilson, Matthew Fox, Richard Jenkins, Lili Simmons, Evan Jonigkeit, David Arquette and Sid Haig. Produced by Jack Heller and Dallas Sonnier, the film had its world premiere at the Fantastic Fest on September 25, 2015 and was given a limited release on October 23, 2015, by RLJ Entertainment. The film is about a small-town sherriff (Russell) who leads a posse into a desolate region to rescue two townspeople who were abducted by a cannibalistic Native American clan.

In the 1890s, two drifters, Purvis (David Arquette) and Buddy (Sid Haig), make a living robbing and killing travelers. Spooked by the sound of approaching horses, they hide in the hills and encounter a Native American burial site. Buddy is killed, and Purvis escapes.

Eleven days later, Purvis arrives in the small town of Bright Hope and buries his loot. Chicory (Richard Jenkins), backup deputy, notices him and reports to Sheriff Franklin Hunt (Kurt Russell). At the town's saloon, Hunt confronts Purvis. When asked his name, Purvis gives an alias, then tries to escape, only to be shot in the leg by Sheriff Hunt. Hunt sends John Brooder (Matthew Fox), to fetch the town's doctor. Meanwhile, foreman Arthur O'Dwyer (Patrick Wilson) rests at home with a broken leg, tended by his wife Samantha (Lili Simmons), the doctor's assistant. As the doctor is drunk, Brooder calls on Samantha and escorts her to the jail to treat Purvis. Leaving Samantha with Purvis and his deputy Nick (Evan Jonigkeit), Hunt and the others return home. That night, at a stable house, a stable boy is murdered.

The murder is reported to Hunt, who investigates and finds the horses missing. He goes to the jail and find it empty, with an arrow left behind. Hunt informs Arthur of the news. A local Native American man called "the professor" (Zahn McClarnon) examines the arrow and links it to a troglodyte clan. He warns Hunt that they are a group of cannibalistic savages who inhabit the "Valley of the Starving Men". Certain that Samantha, Nick, and Purvis had been captured by them, Hunt prepares to go after the clan along with Chicory and Brooder. Arthur, despite his broken leg, insists on accompanying them to find his wife.

Days into their ride, two strangers stumble across their camp. Fearing they are scouts for a raid, Brooder kills them. They set up a cold camp at another spot. However, during the night, a group of raiders ambushes them, injures Brooder's horse and steals the rest. Brooder regretfully puts down his horse. The next day a fight breaks out between Brooder and Arthur, exacerbating Arthur's leg wound. Chicory sets his leg and leaves him to recover, while he, Hunt, and Brooder continue.

Reaching the valley, the three men are injured by a volley of arrows. After killing two attackers, Hunt and Chicory retreat, leaving Brooder, who is seriously injured and demands to be left behind. Brooder kills one attacker before being killed himself. The attackers capture Hunt and Chicory and imprison them in their cave. The men find Samantha, and an injured Nick, imprisoned in a nearby cage. They inform Hunt that the tribesmen have already killed and eaten Purvis. They witness Nick removed from his cell, stripped, brutally scalped, and bisected alive, then consumed. Samantha estimates the number of hostile cannibals to be around twelve (reduced to nine earlier by Hunt's posse).

Hunt realizes he has some opium tincture he confiscated from Arthur earlier to prevent him from overusing it. They trick several tribesmen into drinking it, however only one overdoses and dies while another becomes unconscious. Meanwhile, Arthur wakes up, follows the men's trail and discovers the valley. He kills two tribesmen and notices an object embedded in their windpipes. After cutting one out, he realizes that it acts as a whistle. He blows on it, luring another tribesman close, then kills him.

In the cave, realizing two of their men were poisoned, the leader grows angry. He and another tribesman pull Hunt from his cell, cut open his abdomen and shove the opium flask (heated by the fire) into the wound, and shoots him in the arm and abdomen with a rifle. Arthur arrives and kills one of the tribesmen, while Hunt decapitates the leader with one of the tribe's bone tomahawks. Arthur frees Samantha and Chicory, while a mortally wounded Hunt stays behind with a rifle. He promises to kill the surviving cannibals when they return, to prevent them from terrorizing Bright Hope. As the three leave the cave, they see two pregnant women, who are blinded and have all their limbs amputated.

On their journey out, Arthur blows the tribesman's whistle, and with no response, they continue to exit. At a distance from the cave, they hear three gunshots, implying that Sheriff Hunt had killed the remaining men of the tribe. Chicory acknowledges the gunshots with a half-hearted smile and tosses aside the rock he had been carrying as a weapon. Tired, hurt, and with few supplies, the three begin the journey home.

On October 30, 2012, S. Craig Zahler was set to make his directorial debut with a horror western film from his own script, with the film starring Kurt Russell and Jennifer Carpenter.

On September 24, 2014, Patrick Wilson and Matthew Fox joined the cast of the film to star along with Russell and Jenkins; Wilson would play Arthur O'Dwyer, a cowboy, while Fox would play the role of John Brooder. On September 29, Lili Simmons, David Arquette, Sid Haig, Kathryn Morris and Evan Jonigkeit joined the film; Simmons replaced Carpenter to play female lead Samantha O'Dwyer, the de facto doctor and wife of Arthur O'Dwyer, Arquette and Haig would play brigands, Morris would play the wife of Sheriff Hunt, while Jonigkeit was set to play a young deputy sheriff. The other ensemble cast added by the director includes Sean Young, Geno Segers, Richard Jenkins, Fred Melamed, James Tolkan, Raw Leiba, Jamie Hector, Jamison Newlander, Michael Paré, Zahn McClarnon, David Midthunder, Jay Tavare, Gray Wolf Herrera, Robert Allen Mukes, and Brandon Molale. On October 2, Dave Halls was set as the first assistant director for the film.

Principal photography began on October 6, 2014, in Malibu, California, where it was filmed for 21 days at the Paramount Ranch.

In August 2015, RLJ Entertainment acquired distribution rights to the film, which had its world premiere at the Fantastic Fest on September 25, 2015. On October 3, 2015, it screened at the Charlotte Film Festival. It was then screened at the London Film Festival on October 10, 2015, before its limited release on October 23, 2015.

"Bone Tomahawk" received positive responses from critics and at festivals for its acting (particularly for Kurt Russell, Richard Jenkins and Matthew Fox), grittiness, Zahler's direction, and the dialogue of his screenplay. Film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports that 91% of critics gave the film a "Certified Fresh" rating, based on 93 reviews with an average score of 7.2/10, with the site's consensus stating, ""Bone Tomahawk" peculiar genre blend won't be for everyone, but its gripping performances and a slow-burning story should satisfy those in search of something different." Metacritic, another review aggregator, assigned the film a weighted average score of 72 (out of 100) based on 17 reviews from mainstream critics, considered to be "generally favorable".

Guy Lodge of "Variety" praised the film, writing, ""Bone Tomahawk" may seem over-indulgent at 132 minutes, yet it’s the wayward digressions of Zahler’s script — navigated with palpable enjoyment by an expert, Kurt Russell-led ensemble — that are most treasurable in a film that commits wholeheartedly to its own curiosity value." John DeFore from "The Hollywood Reporter" offered the film similar praise, commending the film's performances, production design, cinematography, score, and screenplay. Jeremy Aspinall from "The Radio Times" awarded the film four out of five stars, calling it "a breathtaking addition to a once moribund genre". Dennis Schwartz of "Ozus’ World Movie Reviews" rated the film a grade B-, praising the film's script, and blending of horror and western genres, while criticizing the film's runtime. Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" gave the film four out of five stars, calling it "[a] pulpy twist on John Ford’s "The Searchers" which is hide-under-your-seat scary". Tom Huddleston from "Time Out London" awarded the film a similar four out of five stars, praising the film's script, cinematography, humor, and performances, calling it "[an] unusual, unpredictable western-comedy-horror movie".

The film was not without its detractors.
Matt Donato from "We Got This Covered" rated the film two and a half out of five stars, criticizing the film's runtime, writing, ""Bone Tomahawk" is a long, LONG journey towards cannibalistic mayhem, which will test the patience of western fans waiting for the gruesome tomahawking to begin."



</doc>
<doc id="43956642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43956642" title="Murder in the Cathedral (1951 film)">
Murder in the Cathedral (1951 film)

Murder in the Cathedral is a 1951 British drama film directed and produced by George Hoellering and co-written by Hoellering and T. S. Eliot based on Eliot's 1935 verse drama of the same name and starring Father John Groser.

The film competed at the 12th Venice International Film Festival and received the award for Best Production Design, given to Peter Pendrey. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1952.

Archbishop Thomas Becket (Father John Groser) deals with his temptations before his murder in the Canterbury Cathedral in 1170.


"Murder in the Cathedral" premiered at the 12th Venice International Film Festival in 1951 before being theatrically released by Film Traders Ltd in the United Kingdom in March 1952 and in the United States by Classic Pictures on 25 March 1952.

Bosley Crowther wrote in "The New York Times":


</doc>
<doc id="43957625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43957625" title="Dino (film)">
Dino (film)

Dino is a 1957 film directed by Thomas Carr, written by Reginald Rose, and starring Sal Mineo, Brian Keith and Susan Kohner. It was an adaptation of a teleplay of the same name originally broadcast in 1956 on "Westinghouse Studio One". The picture was released as part of a double feature in April 1957 and the running time is 94 minutes.

Sal Mineo ... 
Dino Minetta<br>
Brian Keith ... 
Larry Sheridan<br>
Susan Kohner ... 
Shirley<br>
Frank Faylen ... 
Frank Mandel<br>
Joe De Santis ... 
Mr. Minetta<br>
Pat DeSimone ... 
Tony Minetta<br>
Penny Santon ... 
Mrs. Minetta<br>
Richard Bakalyan ... 
Chuck<br>
Molly McCart ... 
Frances<br>
Cynthia Chenault ... 
Sylvia (billed as Cindy Robbins)<br>
Rafael Campos ... 
Boy #2



</doc>
<doc id="43957810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43957810" title="Queen of Earth">
Queen of Earth

Queen of Earth is a 2015 American psychological thriller film written, co-produced and directed by Alex Ross Perry. The film stars Elisabeth Moss, Katherine Waterston and Patrick Fugit.

Catherine and Virginia, two women who grew up together, spend a week together at a lake house retreat, as they did the previous year. This time, however, Catherine's mood (and possibly her sanity) has been affected by the death of her father, as well as the ending of a relationship, and the women realize they have drifted apart.


On July 30, 2014, it was announced that Alex Ross Perry would direct the psychological thriller film which he wrote about two women at a beach house, in which Elisabeth Moss would star as lead, while Joe Swanberg would be producer. On August 21, Michelle Dockery joined the film to star as lead opposite Moss. On September 17, Katherine Waterston was added to the cast to replace Dockery for her role, which Dockery exited due to scheduling conflicts. On September 18, Patrick Fugit was cast to play a friend of one of the women in the film, who also comes to the beach to spend time with her. Perry would also produce the film along with Swanberg and Adam Piotrowicz.

Filming was underway in Carmel, New York on September 17, 2014.

The film had its world premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival on February 7, 2015. Shortly after, it was announced IFC Films had acquired distribution rights to the film. The film was released on August 26, 2015, in a limited release and through video on demand.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a "certified fresh" approval rating of 92% based on 77 reviews, with an average rating of 7.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "Led by a searing performance from Elisabeth Moss, "Queen of Earth" is a demanding – and ultimately rewarding – addition to writer-director Alex Ross Perry's impressive filmography." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 77 out of 100, based on 23 critics, indicating "generally positive reviews".


</doc>
<doc id="43958227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43958227" title="Dial 999 (1955 film)">
Dial 999 (1955 film)

Dial 999 is a 1955 British crime drama film directed and written by Montgomery Tully based on the novel of the same name by Bruce Graeme. Produced by the British company, Todon Productions, it was shot at the Merton Park Studios in London. RKO Radio Pictures purchased the rights to distribute it in the United States, where it was released in a cut form as The Way Out on 11 April 1956. The film stars Gene Nelson as Greg Carradine, Mona Freeman as Terry Moffat Carradine, and John Bentley as Detective Sergeant Seagrave.



</doc>
<doc id="43959187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43959187" title="The Dark Man (film)">
The Dark Man (film)

The Dark Man (AKA "Man Detained") is a 1951 British black and white, film-noir, thriller, crime, drama, film, from Rank Studios, written and directed by Jeffrey Dell, and starring Edward Underdown, Maxwell Reed and Natasha Parry.

At a farmhouse in a lonely wood, ruthless killer "The Dark Man" (Maxwell Reed) murders a petty criminal. He then shoots the taxi driver who drove him there, knowing he would be able to identify him. However, the murder is witnessed by a young actress, Molly (Natasha Parry), who is passing by. The Dark Man now has reason to silence her as well. When the police investigate the murder, Inspector Viner (Edward Underdown) is assigned to the case, and soon develops romantic feelings for Molly. Meanwhile, The Dark Man continues to stalk his prey, and is foiled in an attempt to strangle Molly at her home - but continues to pursue her. The climax comes with a desperate chase across a desolate landscape. 


"The New York Times" wrote: "this Julian Wintle production often stirs up a fair amount of suspense and absorption, chiefly because of the efficient direction of Jeffrey Dell, an excellent performance by Edward Underdown, as a detective, and a painless round-up of typical British "types" in minor roles. But the scenario is a meandering affair overbalanced with too many sneering close-ups of its culprits, and...anything but suggestive of the banner of the distributors, "Fine Arts Films, Inc."". "AllMovie" noted: "the plot is nothing new, though the settings--a provincial repertory theatre, a military rifle range--are rather novel"; and "Britmovie" thought, "Edward Underdown is clearly too old to be the young policeman and love interest, but brooding Maxwell Reed is very effective as the shadowy ‘Dark Man’."


</doc>
<doc id="43960839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43960839" title="Desert Desperadoes">
Desert Desperadoes

Desert Desperadoes () is a 1959 American/Italian Biblical drama film directed by Steve Sekely from an original screenplay by Victor Stoloff and Robert Hill. Co-produced by the Italian company Venturini Express and the American studio Nasht Productions, it was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures through the States Rights Independent Exchanges and released on July 16, 1959. The film stars Ruth Roman and Akim Tamiroff.

A merchant's caravan led by Verrus, a former Roman soldier, comes across a beautiful woman bound to a post. The merchant doesn't wish to intervene, but Verrus takes her along. She is mysterious, identifying herself only as Isthar, a name that may or may not be real.

The merchant is transporting gold, spices and other valuable commodities across the desert. When a band of refugees and a small child who might be the rumored messiah need sanctuary, Verrus agrees, even though King Herod's soldiers are likely to come after them. The merchant conspires behind Verrus's back, coaxing Isthar into distracting Fabius Quintus, a guard who has become infatuated with her beauty.

Isthar later is in need of help and pleads with Fabius, who spurns and injures her. No one else but the refugees will help her. Herod's soldiers attack, so Isthar gives up her own camels to the infant's mother, remaining behind. She, along with all the others, is killed, but the child is safe.


"Harrison's Reports" gave the picture a lukewarm review. They enjoyed the background story, as well as the action sequences, but felt the overall plot was routine. They gave good marks to Ruth Roman and Akim Tamiroff for their performances.



</doc>
<doc id="43961433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43961433" title="The Lady in Scarlet">
The Lady in Scarlet

The Lady in Scarlet is a 1935 American film directed by Charles Lamont. It was made by Chesterfield Motion Pictures Corporation.

In New York City, Dr. Phillip Boyer admires an antique clock at the premises of antique dealer Albert J. Sayre, who has apparently missed his appointment with him. Sayre is however, present and covertly watching Boyer. Deciding to buy and with Mrs. Sayre present, Boyer arranges with salesman Arthur Pennyward for the clock to be delivered that afternoon "about 4.30 or a little after." When Boyer departs, Sayre accuses his wife of a romantic interest in him and obliquely threatens her.

Sayre telephones his attorney Jerome T. Shelby who dismisses his suspicions about Mrs. Sayre and the "4.30 or a little after" being a coded signal for an illicit rendezvous, and asks him to bring his latest will to his office for signing.

About 5.30pm, Mrs. Sayre meets Dr. Boyer at a restaurant. Also present at the restaurant are Private Investigator Oliver Keith and his "girl friday" Ella Carey. When Boyer departs, Mrs. Sayre approaches Keith, asking for his help in finding out why a man has been watching the Sayre house and the reason for her husband's strange behavior. To reassure her, Keith escorts her home and together they find an unlocked front door, salesman Pennyward absent, and the dead body of Sayre in his office.

Soon after, Pennyward returns. He states that he left the premises about 4pm, delivering the clock to Dr. Boyer's home about 5.30 and setting the time correctly to 5.35.

Police are called and establish time of death at "about 5 o'clock." Mrs. Sayre says she went to her hairdressing salon at around 4pm. Questioning is interrupted by the arrival of Dr. Boyer who is returning the clock because it's not the one he ordered. Questioning is again interrupted by the arrival of Sayre's daughter Alice who accuses Mrs. Sayre, her stepmother, of being in love with Dr. Boyer and murdering her father for inheritance money. Dr. Boyer strongly denies any romantic interest in Mrs. Sayre. Fingerprints provide a lead to rival antique dealer F.W. Dyker but he cannot be found.

Questioning reveals that Pennyward and Alice married the previous day and when they told her father he fired Pennyward and told them he would disinherit her, a strong motive for murdering him before any change in the will. Boyer's alibi of being at his medical practice till 5.30 is found to be false as he left about 3.30.

Dyker, Pennyward and Alice, Boyer, and Mrs. Sayre are now all under suspicion. Dyker turns up at Keith's office in response to a fake art collection ad designed to lure him there, and is arrested by Inspector Trainey. In questioning, Pennyward reveals to Keith that Sayre ran a profitable enterprise selling fake antiques through Dyker, but they argued over payments.

Mrs. Sayre admits that neither she nor Boyer has told the entire truth as they were at the restaurant not long after the time of the murder, but their relationship was platonic. She genuinely loved her husband but he was a very difficult man.

The family assembles for the reading of the will by attorney Shelby. The estate is shared equally between Sayre's wife and daughter, as Sayre was murdered before signing the new will. Strangely, $100,000 in bonds which Alice knows should be hers upon marriage are not mentioned in the will. Shelby suggests the bonds may be in Sayre's personal effects in the safe but when it's opened by Mrs. Sayre, who alone knows the combination, the cash box is found to be empty. Alice accuses her of theft.

Arriving at Boyer's medical premises to interview him, Keith, Ella, and Inspector Trainey are told his whereabouts are not known. In a side room they discover the man who's been seen watching the Sayre home. Named Quigley, he's been doped with truth serum. Recovering, he reveals he was paid by Sayre to follow Mrs. Sayre and that she and Boyer were together much earlier on the afternoon of the murder than they had admitted.

Later that evening, Dr. Boyer is found murdered in his car.

Keith makes use of a planned meeting between Pennyward and his wife and attorney Shelby to hold a meeting of his own, with Mrs. Sayre, Dyker, Quigley, Inspector Trainey, and Ella also present. He disposes of each suspect's motive and alibi. Quigley is found to have not only followed Mrs. Sayre on behalf of Sayre but falsely led him to believe that she was being unfaithful, and then blackmailed him over it.

Several of the missing bonds are found in Pennyward's satchel and are identified by Shelby as exactly the same type as the missing bonds, despite his remark on the day of the reading of the will that he knew nothing of their type or denomination. Caught in a lie, Shelby is accused by Keith of murdering Sayre when he visited Sayre's home for the signing of the will, taking the $100,000 of bonds from the open safe, and planting some on Pennyward to implicate him. Shelby pulls a gun and fires it but is overpowered, with the bullet expected to provide ballistics evidence that he killed Boyer too.

Quigley is arrested for blackmailing both Sayre and Boyer, which had led Boyer to dope him and find out that while watching the Sayre house, Quigley had spotted Shelby entering and probably killing Sayre. Boyer had then confronted Shelby, but was killed by him. Quigley had been too afraid to mention any of this as he was guilty of blackmail and feared Shelby would kill him too.

Alice and her stepmother reconcile, Pennyward and Alice go off on their honeymoon, Dyker goes free but with his reputation even more tarnished.



</doc>
<doc id="43964400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43964400" title="Dead Girl (film)">
Dead Girl (film)

Dead Girl is an American film written, directed and starring Adam Coleman Howard and Anne Parillaud.

Ari Rose, an unsuccessful actor, falls for a beautiful woman named Helen-Catherine but strangles her when she rejects him. Ari then takes the dead woman home, has sex with her corpse, and comes to believe that she is still alive and in love with him. He's soon taking her out in public without anyone seeming to notice her condition.



</doc>
<doc id="43965382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43965382" title="Drunks (film)">
Drunks (film)

Drunks is a 1995 film starring Spalding Gray and Richard Lewis and directed by Peter Cohn.

A group of alcoholics meet up one night at a 12-step recovery meeting. At the beginning of the meeting, Jim reluctantly tells the story of his drug and alcohol abuse leading to his eventual sobriety and then leaves in frustration. The movie then alternates between Jim's ultimately futile attempts to resist the temptation to drink that night, and the remaining attendees of the meeting recounting their own struggles with addiction.




</doc>
<doc id="43967340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43967340" title="Criminal (2016 film)">
Criminal (2016 film)

Criminal is a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Ariel Vromen and written by Douglas Cook and David Weisberg. The film is about a convict who is implanted with a dead CIA agent's memories to finish an assignment. The film stars Kevin Costner, Gary Oldman, and Tommy Lee Jones, in the second collaboration among all three following the 1991 film "JFK". The film also features Alice Eve, Gal Gadot, Michael Pitt, Jordi Mollà, Antje Traue, Scott Adkins, Amaury Nolasco, and Ryan Reynolds.

Principal photography began on September 4, 2014, in London. The film was produced by Campbell-Grobman Films and Millennium Films and was released on April 15, 2016 and received negative reviews from critics and was a box office failure, grossing only $38.8 million against its $31.5 million budget.

Industrialist-turned-anarchist Xavier Heimdahl arranges for his associate Jan Strook—a hacker known as "the Dutchman"—to create a wormhole program that would allow the owner to bypass all computer codes protecting the world's nuclear defense codes. The Dutchman panics and attempts to hand his secret over to CIA agent Bill Pope. Although Pope gets the Dutchman to a safe house and recovers the money to pay him for his services, he is caught by Heimdahl's men and tortured to death before he can tell anyone where he hid the Dutchman.

Desperate to find the Dutchman, Pope's supervisor Quaker Wells contacts Dr. Micah Franks, who has developed a treatment that could theoretically plant the memory patterns of a dead person onto a living one. Franks requests that they "graft" Pope's knowledge into the brain of convict Jerico Stewart, whose damaged frontal lobe has effectively made him a sociopath. 

After the operation, Jerico escapes custody and fakes his death. He goes to Pope's house, where he holds Pope's widow Jillian hostage while he looks for the money. As time goes on, he experiences memory flashes of Pope's past, but all he can determine is that the bag of money was hidden behind a bookshelf, without identifying where it or the Dutchman are kept.

The CIA learns that the Dutchman is planning to sell the program to the Russians, believing that the CIA has betrayed him. Fortunately, they are able to find Jerico after he contacts Dr. Franks for medication using Pope's CIA codes. Jerico is beginning to develop emotions and draw on Pope's experience. As Jerico attempts to retrace the route Pope took to hide the Dutchman, Heimdahl creates a distraction at the airport that draws Wells' attention, allowing Heimdahl's accomplice and lover Elsa to try and capture Jerico, killing his CIA guards before Jerico escapes by driving off a bridge.

Jerico retreats to the Pope house, where he encounters Jillian and explains the situation to her. Although she initially fears him, Jillian comes to accept Jerico as she sees him bonding with her daughter, Emma, allowing Jerico to stay the night. The next morning, Jerico realizes through a conversation with Jillian that the bag is hidden in the rare books collection at the University of London where she works. He attempts to retrieve the bag, but he is captured by Heimdahl and Elsa once he has found it. Heimdahl threatens to kill Jillian and Emma unless Jerico takes him to the Dutchman.

With the CIA and a Russian strike team now seeking the Dutchman, Jerico—who has recalled that Pope hid the Dutchman in Jillian's office at the university—is able to escape Elsa using an improvised nitro-glycerine bomb, returning to the office to provide a hurried explanation to the Dutchman. Elsa finds them before they can escape, shooting Jerico in the shoulder and killing the Dutchman, but Jerico gets the upper hand and bludgeons her to death with a lamp.

Jerico takes the flash drive containing the wormhole program to the airfield where Heimdahl is attempting an escape. Jerico saves Jillian and Emma, even as Heimdahl shoots him. As Heimdahl's plane takes off, Jerico reveals to Wells that he had the Dutchman reprogram the wormhole so that it would target the source of the next transmission. This results in Heimdahl unwittingly destroying his own plane when he tries to fire a missile at the airfield.

A few months later, Jerico is shown on the beach where Pope and Jillian had their honeymoon. He is initially unresponsive to anything but automatic reflexes and responses. With all other options exhausted, Wells and Franks take Jillian and Emma to see him. The sight of Pope's family confirms that some part of Pope exists in Jerico as he responds with a nose-tap. This was Pope and Jillian's way of saying "I love you". Witnessing this, Quaker reflects that he will offer Jerico a job.


On June 20, 2013, it was announced that Millennium Films had acquired the script for "Criminal", written by Douglas Cook and David Weisberg, an action film in which a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a dangerous criminal, who is sent on a government mission. J.C. Spink, Chris Bender, Matt O'Toole and Mark Gill were initially announced as producers, with Boaz Davidson later joining the production. On September 13, Millennium set Ariel Vromen to direct the film.

On June 17, 2014, Kevin Costner was cast to play a dangerous criminal with a dead CIA operative's skills, secrets, and memories implanted into him to finish a job. On July 10, Gary Oldman was in talks to join the film to play the CIA chief. On July 23, Tommy Lee Jones joined the film to play a neuroscientist who transplants the memories to the criminal, while Oldman's role was also confirmed. On August 4, Ryan Reynolds was added to the cast. On August 7, Alice Eve joined the cast. On August 11, Jordi Mollà joined the film in the villain role of Hagbardaka Heimbahl, who wants the dead CIA agent's secrets now implanted in the criminal's brain. On August 12, Gal Gadot signed on to star in the film as Reynolds' character's wife. On September 26, Antje Traue joined the film to play the villain's accomplice.

Principal photography on the film began on September 4, 2014, in London. On September 8, Reynolds was spotted on a bike during the filming of some scenes in the streets of London. On September 16, Costner and Gadot were spotted at the Camber Sands during filming in East Sussex. Some actors and crews were also spotted filming scenes for the film on King's Road in Kingston. From September 22–25, filming was taking place in Yateley, Hampshire, where actors were spotted filming car crashes and helicopter chase scenes at the Blackbushe Airport. Filming was also done in Croydon College in Croydon, with the college building used as medical research labs and the CIA operations centre. In October 2014, Connect 2 Cleanrooms installed a cleanroom in Surrey Quays Road, London, for the scene where Tommy Lee Jones' character operates on Kevin Costner's. On October 23, aerial drone filming was undertaken featuring Costner in a car chase scene on White's Row in East London. Some filming also took place at the SOAS University of London library.

On December 9, 2014, it was announced that Haim Mazar had signed on to compose the music of the film. However, on June 10, 2015, according to "Film Music Reporter", it was announced that Brian Tyler and Keith Power had taken over scoring duties on the film, replacing Mazar.

The film was to be released on January 22, 2016 in the United States, but in August 2015 the release was pushed back to April 15, 2016.

"Criminal" grossed $14.7 million in North America and $24.1 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $38.8 million.

In the United States and Canada, pre-release tracking suggested the film would gross $9–12 million from 2,683 theaters in its opening weekend, trailing fellow newcomers "The Jungle Book" ($67–75 million projection) and "" ($27–30 million projection). The film ended up grossing just $5.8 million in its opening weekend, below expectations, and the eighth-worst wide-release opening of Costner's career, finishing 6th at the box office.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 30% based on 115 reviews, with an average rating of 4.4/10. The site's consensus reads, "Despite the valiant efforts of a game and talented cast, "Criminal" has little to offer beyond the bare minimum expected by the most undemanding of genre enthusiasts." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 36 out of 100, based on 27 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B–" on an A+ to F scale.

In his review, "Empire" magazine's John Nugent wrote: "We can but pray that scientists invent a procedure to remove the memory of ever watching this film in the first place," and awarded the film 1 star out of 5. Writing for "The Telegraph", Tim Robey called it "wanton, low-down entertainment" and awarded it 2 stars out of 5. BBC film critic Mark Kermode placed it in fifth place in his mid-year list of the Worst Films of 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43970762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43970762" title="Wasp Wings">
Wasp Wings

Wasp Wings is a 42-minute 1945 Canadian documentary film made by the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Overseas Film Unit and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The film takes its name from the colourful markings known as invasion stripes that were painted on Supermarine Spitfire fighter aircraft on D-Day, making them look like "angry wasps".

Starting in England in 1943, Royal Canadian Air Force Spitfire fighter wings in the RAF Second Tactical Air Force (2TAF) were preparing for deployment to overseas bases. Using the fast and agile Spitfire in a number of different marks, the 2TAF aircraft provided close air support, as well as engaging the Luftwaffe in aerial combat. The Spitfire wings "played an essential part in a swift-moving, deadly striking air force." The success of the RCAF Spitfire units was due to both aircrews and ground crews that not only set up the tactical airfields, but kept the aircraft serviced. The first group set up in Italy, then other wings were attached to the units committed to the Normandy campaign, with temporary bases established in France, Belgium,
the Netherlands and Germany from 1944 to 1945. In the last months of the Second World War, 2TAF bagin to relax as their missions came to an end.

Typical of the NFB's wartime series of documentary short films, "Wasp Wings" relied heavily on military assistance in obtaining footage at operational bases. The film was based on the 2nd Tactical Ar Force 126, 127, and 144 Wings and was compiled from film shot from 1943–1945. The "men with flying in their blood" who were featured in "Wasp Wings" included Canadian Spitfire aces "Buzz" Beurling, Dal Russel, Keith Hodson, Robert Wendell "Buck" McNair, and Lloyd Chadburn. Aerial combat sequences utilized actual gun camera footage.

As part of the NFB's newsreel programs, "Wasp Wings" was produced for the theatrical market. Each film was shown over a six-month period as part of the shorts or newsreel segments in approximately 800 theatres across Canada. The NFB had an arrangement with Famous Players theatres to ensure that Canadians from coast to coast could see them, with further distribution by Columbia Pictures.

After the six-month theatrical tour ended, individual films were made available on 16 mm to schools, libraries, churches, and factories, extending the life of these films for another year or two. They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. Although available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD, "Wasp Wings" is now largely forgotten.

Historian Malek Khouri analyzed the role of the NFB wartime documentaries, with "Wasp Wings" characterized as an example of a topic that went beyond a simple depiction of events, yet did not fit the typical definition of a propaganda film. "During the early years of the NFB, its creative output was largely informed by the turbulent political and social climate the world was facing. World War II, Communism, unemployment, the role of labour unions, and working conditions were all subjects featured by the NFB during the period from 1939 to 1946. In "Filming Politics", author Malek Khouri explores the work of the NFB during this period and argues that the political discourse of the films produced by this institution offered a counter-hegemonic portrayal of working class people and presented them as agents of social change."

Khouri noted the Spitfire designers, pilots, and ground crew in "Wasp Wings" were depicted as examples of the triumph of technology and a "new-found fascination" with technological advances in winning the war.



</doc>
<doc id="43976304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43976304" title="Debug (film)">
Debug (film)

Debug is a 2014 Canadian science fiction horror film written and directed by David Hewlett. It stars Jeananne Goossen, Adrian Holmes, Adam Butcher, Kjartan Hewitt, Sidney Leeder, and Jadyn Wong as computer programmers who must deal with a hostile artificial intelligence on an interstellar spaceship. It was released on 3 November 2014 in the UK.

Six young computer programmers on work release are tasked to debug the artificial intelligence of an interstellar spaceship. Sensing danger, the AI fights back against the programmers.

Writer-director Hewlett was inspired by Stanley Kubrick's "", which he saw as a child. Hewlett said that he wanted to make a film from the point of view of HAL 9000, the antagonist of that story. This idea was eventually rejected as too artistic, and the plot was retooled to be more similar to "Final Destination". Hewlett said that he did not see HAL 9000 as evil, and he designed Iam to be defending his right to exist. Hewlett intentionally cast Momoa as the ship's AI against type. Momoa wanted to do a project different than his traditional roles, and Hewlett was impressed with Momoa's creativity and range; the two men had previously worked together on the sci-fi series "Stargate Atlantis". Although there were concerns about the AI's name, Iam, Hewlett settled the disputes by stating that names are inherently subjective.

Production took place at Pinewood Toronto Studios, and was scheduled to run from 14 February to 8 March. Producer Steve Hoban, who previously collaborated with Hewlett on Vincenzo Natali's films, described it as ""Final Destination" meets "Cube"". In September 2014, Shock Till You Drop reported that it had completed production and was awaiting distribution.

Signature Entertainment released "Debug" in the UK on 3 November 2014. Entertainment One distributed the film in Canada. Ketchup released it on DVD in the US on June 9, 2015.

Charles Packer of Sci Fi Online rated it 7/10 stars and wrote that the film is unoriginal but worth a watch. Joel Harley of HorrorTalk rated it 2/5 stars and described it as "essentially a low-budget "2001: A Space Odyssey" for people who want none of the art, story or believable special effects (or three hour runtime) that go hand-in-hand with Kubrick's classic." Brad Wheeler of "The Globe and Mail" rated it 0/5 stars and said it "falls short of even its modest budget". Calum Marsh of the "National Post" rated it 1.5/4 stars and wrote it lack's "Cube"s wit. Bruce DeMara of "The Toronto Star" rated it 2.5/4 stars and wrote, "Writer/director David Hewlett's feature film debut, Debug, has some dazzling ideas and visuals but falters in the end." Jim Slotek of "The Toronto Sun" praised the film's production values but said the execution and story were "machinelike". Randall King of the "Winnipeg Free Press" wrote that the film's plot might have worked 20 years ago, but the film only serves to devalue Canadian exploitation films now.



</doc>
<doc id="43978803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43978803" title="Wings of Chance">
Wings of Chance

Wings of Chance is a 1961 American/Canadian action / drama film directed by Eddie Dew based on a story by John Patrick Gillese. The film stars James Brown, Frances Rafferty, Richard Tretter and Patrick Whyte. "Wings of Chance" is one of the first full-length feature films shot in Canada for a Hollywood production and was an effort to stimulate Canada's film industry.

Two Canadian bush pilots, Steve Kirby (James Brown) and Johnny Summers (Richard Tretter), are best friends and partners in a small flying business. They are also rivals for the affections of local girl Arlene Baker (Frances Rafferty). When Steve goes to the mountain lodge where Arlene works, a jealous Johnny flies there, and against air regulations, lands on a nearby lake, attracting the attention of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.

While Johnny is held by the police, Steve flies back home, but an oil line breaks, forcing him to crash-land in remote bush country. Retrieving his survival gear, he sets up camp. With the few supplies on board, Steve manages to keep himself alive by hunting and fishing, but as winter is setting in, he realizes that rescuers are not coming. A desperate idea forms when he rescues a wild gander from a wolf. A bond develops between the gander and the pilot, allowing him to tag each of her newborn goslings with a metal strip bearing his name. When the young geese take to the sky, one of them is downed by a hunter who finds Steve's message and contacts the air force. Steve is found barely alive, but Arlene nurses him back to health.


John Patrick Gillese, the author of the book on which the film is based, makes a cameo appearance as one of the bush pilots searching for the downed aircraft.

Canadian producer Larry Matanski had been aware of the scenic beauty of Alberta's national parks as the setting for "River of No Return" (1954), starring Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe. In adapting the 1957 short story "Kirby's Gander" by John Patrick Gillese (later renamed "Wings of Chance") that was set in the Alberta bush, he thought he would be able to attract interest from a Hollywood production company. Re-written as "Wings of Chance", the production was extremely "low-budget", shot for $200,000 with one camera and a small production crew. Despite the meagre production values, the scenery of Alberta's national parks was the real selling point to Universal Pictures, which signed on as the film distributor.

Another selling point was prolific actor James E. Brown, who played the lead. Brown, best known as Lieutenant Ripley "Rip" Masters in all 166 episodes of the 1954-1959 ABC Western television series "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin", had a four-decade career that included feature films and television work.

"Wings of Chance" was first premiered in Los Angeles, and with its modest budget, was able to return a large profit of $9,000,000. Reviews noted that the wilderness saga of a heroic figure such as a bush pilot was appealing. Later analysis by film reviewer Dr. Evelyn Ellerman was less kind: "'Wings of Chance' features touristic aerial views of the Canadian Rockies, it is nothing more than a feel-good animal story for a family audience. The plot is completely transparent, the dialogue is weak and the characterization negligible."

Mataski's vision of creating a provincial film industry in Alberta continued with a follow-up, "The Naked Flame" (later re-titled "Deadline for Murder") (1964), which did not do well at the box office. With the subsequent financial loss from this project, his film career came to an end.




</doc>
<doc id="43983853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43983853" title="Phantom Town">
Phantom Town

Phantom Town (later released in 2013 as Spooky Town on DVD) is a 1998 Canadian-American-Romanian horror fantasy western film directed by Jeff Burr with the screenplay by Benjamin Carr. The film starred John Patrick White, Taylor Locke, Lauren Summers, Jim Metzler, Belinda Montgomery, and Gabriel Spahiu. The film focuses on Mike, a sixteen-year-old boy, and his two younger siblings as they search for their missing parents in the mysterious town of Long Hand, which according to maps does not exist at all.

The movie had a runtime of 95 minutes. "Phantom Town" had an estimated budget of $800,000. The movie was filmed at Castel Film Studios in Bucharest, Romania and was released in theaters in the US on July 1, 1998 and to VHS and DVD on February 16, 1999.

Three children go on a search to find their parents who mysteriously disappeared after entering a town called Long Hand that isn't found on any map. The children check in at the town's hotel and begin to notice that the residents of Long Hand behave strangely, repeating the same actions over and over. Further exploration of the town leads the children to discover that the town is inhabited by body snatchers, and they could be the next victims. The children eventually find their parents in catacombs located underneath the town, and manage to leave the town with their parents after killing the monster that runs the town. In the end, Mike throws a party and the children discover that their parents had been transformed just like the other residents of Long Hand.



</doc>
<doc id="43984670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43984670" title="388 Arletta Avenue">
388 Arletta Avenue

388 Arletta Avenue is a 2011 Canadian horror-thriller film written and directed by Randall Cole and starring Nick Stahl and Mia Kirshner as an unhappily married couple who are unknowingly stalked by an intruder. It premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival, had a limited release in Canada in June 2012, and was released on DVD in September 2012.

An unidentified stalker records video of married couple James and Amy Deakin as they hide their spare key outside their home. When the couple leaves to go jogging, he uses the key to enter their home and set up hidden security cameras in each room. He also makes subtle changes, such as setting their alarm to go off earlier and leaving a mix CD in their car. Amy protests when the alarm wakes her up early, and the two argue over who recorded the mix CD. When James finds the audio tracks on his computer, Amy considers the mystery solved, but James insists that he never downloaded them. As they argue, James dismisses Amy's PhD research on Afghan culture as a waste of time, and she refuses to speak to him. The next morning, as James leaves for work, he writes her a brief apology. The stalker enters the house, reads the note, and records video of Amy's reaction to noise that she hears in the house.

When James returns home, he finds a note ostensibly written in Amy's handwriting in which she says that she has left to clear her head. James attempts to contact Amy many times, but she does not answer her calls. Worried, he calls her friends, including Amy's sister Katherine, with whom he has an antagonistic relationship. James refuses to explain the situation to Katherine, and she becomes suspicious that something has happened between Amy and James. James eventually turns to his friend Alex, who suggests that their childhood acquaintance Bill may be involved. James contacts Bill, an Afghanistan veteran who now works nights at an animal shelter, and he apologizes for tormenting Bill mercilessly during their school years. Although Bill accepts both the apology and a gift, a collectable baseball, he says little except that the apology does not negate the bullying.

Later, James comes to believe that his cat has been replaced when he receives taunting e-mails and the cat exhibits uncharacteristic behavior. A police officer files a report but does not take James' claims seriously. When James finds the remains of his decapitated cat and video surveillance evidence that an intruder entered his home, he contacts the police again, but the police remain skeptical, as the cat's remains have gone missing. Convinced that the police will not act, James investigates the matter himself. James receives a brief video that shows Amy bound and gagged before it deletes itself. Frustrated, James demands the unseen antagonist reveal himself; immediately afterward, the collectable baseball is thrown through one of his windows, which initiates a violent confrontation between James and Bill. Hidden video surveillance later depicts James as he digs a shallow grave.

James becomes erratic and paranoid, and, with Alex's help, he illegally purchases a handgun. Katherine becomes increasingly suspicious of James and threatens to call the police, which James laughs off. James attempts to make contact with his unseen stalker, who intentionally reveals himself as being in the house. After a brief chase, James offers a deal: for Amy's safe return, James will stop investigating and not further contact the police. At work the next day, James receives video footage of Amy asleep in their bed. James leaves for his house at the same time that Alex, Katherine, and a policeman arrive. As Katherine discovers Amy's body hidden in the basement, James attempts to confront the stalker, only to realize that he has been framed for her murder. While still holding the pistol, James attempts to explain the situation, and the police officer shoots him dead. In his home, the still-unidentified stalker labels his surveillance tape as "388 Arletta Avenue" and sets it beside several other tapes. He then starts the cycle again with a new family.

Vincenzo Natali and Steve Hoban, who had previously collaborated on "Splice", served as executive producer and producer, respectively. Natali was drawn to the film due to the script. He said that his role in the film was minor – to offer assistance when needed. Production began in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in December 2010. Writer-director Randall Cole used his own life experiences as inspiration for some of the film's events. Cole wanted to show the downsides of increasing openness and surveillance in our lives, and he was drawn to the idea of an antagonist that documents a manipulated character study.

"388 Arletta Avenue" premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. It had a limited release in Canada on 15 June 2012 and was released on DVD on 25 September 2012.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 50% of eight surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 5.5/10. Liam Lacey of "The Globe and Mail" rated it 3/4 stars and called it a "political horror movie" that "provide[s] a timely commentary on supposedly safe homes and distant wars." Peter Howell of "The Toronto Star" rated it 3/4 stars and wrote, ""388 Arletta Avenue" is a superior chiller that speaks to modern fears." John Anderson of "Variety" wrote that the film is "a taut, often ingenious thriller" for as long as it stays focused on its gimmick, a couple stalked via constant surveillance. Martyn Conterio of "Little White Lies" wrote that the film's only shock comes from Vincenzo Natali's involvement. Conterio called the film "a very poor effort within the increasingly irrelevant found footage subgenre". Darryl Loomis of DVD Verdict wrote that the film rises above its gimmick, a combination of found footage and home invasion film, to deliver "a solid story with a whole lot of tension". Rohit Rao of DVD Talk rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote, ""388 Arletta Avenue" is built around an interesting idea but its execution suffers from lapses in logic and an unsatisfying ending."




</doc>
<doc id="43985500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43985500" title="Saturday Night (2010 film)">
Saturday Night (2010 film)

Saturday Night is a 2010 documentary directed by James Franco. The film examines the production process of the NBC late-night live television sketch comedy series "Saturday Night Live". Shot over a period of six days from December 1–6, 2008, the film was originally a school assignment for Franco at New York University.

The film premiered at the 2010 South by Southwest Film Festival on March 14, 2010, but was shelved for several years due to legal matters regarding its distributor and NBC. It was released on September 26, 2014 on Hulu.

The film begins at the Monday morning pitch meeting, in which writers submit jokes. By Tuesday, writers are staying up all night to complete their sketches for the following day's table read. Fifty sketches are submitted, and only nine are broadcast. The film follows the construction of sets, rehearsals, and the eventual live show.

The film was developed from a film class assignment assigned to Franco while he was attending New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 2008. Having recently hosted "Saturday Night Live", he chose cast member Bill Hader as the subject of his observational documentary. He first had to gain the approval of "SNL" creator and executive producer Lorne Michaels, as well as host John Malkovich. In doing so, he decided to shoot more footage and create a feature-length documentary on the show's production process.

After completion, much of the show's cast had to "sign off" on the picture, and gaining significant approval was no problem until Franco sought the permission of NBC. During this period, there were many executive changes at the network, which made it difficult to secure approval. The film was bought by Ocilloscope Films sometime later, who intended to distribute it theatrically. The studio's founder, Adam Yauch, died in 2012, complicating matters.

The film was uploaded to Hulu on September 26, 2014, in celebration of the fortieth anniversary of "SNL".

Upon its debut at SXSW, the film attracted positive reviews. IndieWire's Eric Kohn opined that the film's "attempt(s) to obtain a deeper truth gives [it] a greater sense of candor than your average fluff piece," summarizing, "Franco's portrait emerges against all odds as a compelling look at anachronistic media in action." Karina Longworth of "LA Weekly" felt it "fascinating and absolutely worth seeing," though not flattering to the cast members/writers portrayed. Dave Itzkoff of "The New York Times" deemed it a "fairly straightforward" look behind the scenes of the show, while noting, "the film turns up a number of details and tidbits that are like manna to comedy nerds." In 2014, after its wide release on Hulu, "The Wall Street Journal" Mike Ayers wrote that "For anyone interested in comedy and the creative process, it's essential viewing."


</doc>
<doc id="43986604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43986604" title="Both (film)">
Both (film)

Both is a 2005 US-Canadian-Peruvian drama film directed by Lisset Barcellos. Starring Jackie Parker, Mike Martinez, Nicole Wilder, Fabrizio Aguilar, Ximena Ameri and Pable Barcellos, the film tells the story of a stunt double with an intersex variation, who discovers her past.

The film was welcomed by members of the intersex community. The world premiere took place at San Francisco's Frameline Film Festival and was welcomed by the Intersex Society of North America.

An independent film, the story behind "Both" is based in part on the experience of the filmmaker herself. Talking with the Hartford Courant, Barcellos commented, "I made my film so I don't have to talk about my own experiences".

Rebeca Duarte (Jackie Parker) is a beautiful and bisexual stunt double, who regularly puts her life at risk in the course of her job. Duarte feels disconnected from her own body, but doesn't understand why that is. Out of the blue, she receives a photo album from a member of her family in Peru. In the photographs she finds her parents and her brother, who died, but she is missing. A telephone call to her mother doesn't explain the story behind the photograph album or her non-appearance. Duarte sets out to discover the mystery.

SF Gate described this debut film by Lisset Barcellos as "Raw, nervy and groundbreaking", "a brilliant debut" mildly hampered by low production values. The East Bay Express described the movie as an "overlooked gem" and "impressive debut"

The film was well received by intersex community organizations.
The Intersex Society of North America described the movie as "a compelling and original indie feature" and "a riveting drama". Both won an audience award at the 28th Créteil International Women's Film Festival.




</doc>
<doc id="43989289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43989289" title="Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny">
Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny () is a 2016 American-Chinese wuxia film directed by Yuen Woo-ping and written by John Fusco, based on the novel "Iron Knight, Silver Vase" by Wang Dulu. It is also a sequel to the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". The film stars Donnie Yen, Michelle Yeoh, Harry Shum Jr., Jason Scott Lee, Roger Yuan, Woon Young Park, Eugenia Yuan, JuJu Chan, Chris Pang, Veronica Ngo, Shuya Chang and Natasha Liu Bordizzo. The film was released in Hong Kong on February 18, in China on February 19 and worldwide on Netflix outside China on February 26, 2016.

After eighteen years of solitude, renowned warrior-maiden Shu Lien emerges from retirement and travels to Peking, where the Green Destiny—the legendary sword of her deceased love Li Mu Bai—is located. In the forest, Shu Lien's carriage is attacked by several warriors from the West Lotus clan. As she fights them, a masked horseman comes to her aid, and together they defeat the attackers, revealing one's identity to be a young man called Wei Fang.

At the tower of the West Lotus warlord Hades Dai, a young woman named Snow Vase arrives asking to join his ranks. As Dai approaches, she draws a sword and attempts to kill him, although he easily fights her off, and she flees. As Wei Fang makes his way through the forest, he is approached by a blind enchantress, who orders him to take her to Dai. She tells Dai that his great sword is surpassed by the Green Destiny, and prophesies that if he is to rule the Martial World, he must obtain the sword. Dai is reluctant to storm the home of the emperor's brother, but the enchantress tells him to send Wei Fang, as the boy and the sword are bound by destiny itself.

Shu Lien arrives in Peking, and is taken to the house of Sir Te, a man like a father to her, who has recently died. Te's son greets her and reveals that the Green Destiny is kept on display at the house, also recalling the unmentioned love between Li Mu Bai and Shu Lien. That night as Wei Fang breaks into the house and attempts to steal the sword, Snow Vase appears and fights him. During the fight, Snow Vase sees a birthmark on Wei Fang's chest, which distracts her and allows him to escape. She calls for help and Shu Lien arrives and captures the boy. Snow Vase approaches Shu Lien and asks her to train her in the Iron Way.

At a tavern, Meng Sizhao (known as Silent Wolf in the West), the horseman who came to Shu Lien's aid, posts a warrant for warriors to join him protecting the House of Te. One warrior offers his thirty swordsmen for a high price, and attacks when rebuffed. Four warriors join Silent Wolf in the fight, and he recruits them to his cause: Flying Blade of Shantung; Thunder Fist Chan, famed in Zhejiang; Silver Dart Shi, famed in Fuzhou; and Turtle Ma, famed in that tavern.

Shu Lien begins Snow Vase's training. That night, Silent Wolf and his warriors arrive at the Te compound. Shu Lien is shocked to see Silent Wolf, her former betrothed, as he was thought to have been killed by Hades Dai many years before. He explains that he was in love with Shu Lien, but knew that Mu Bai was her true love, and had feigned his demise to seek a life of enlightenment in the mountains, as he knew that as long as he was alive, Li Mu Bai would not have asked Shu Lien for her hand.

Hades Dai rages that Wei Fang has failed in his raid, and sends his elite warrior, Mantis, to retrieve the sword. She arrives with her raiding party, and Silver Dart Shi and Turtle Ma are killed in the attack. Snow Vase attempts to free Wei Fang from his cage in the courtyard, but she is attacked by Mantis, and Wei Fang reveals the sword's location. The blind enchantress fights Shu Lien in the sword chamber, killing Sir Te's son when Shu Lien refuses to relinquish the sword.

As the inhabitants of the House of Te mourn the loss of their dearest companions, Snow Vase explains her connection to Wei Fang's past. His birth mother was the legendary swordswoman Han Mei. However, as a baby, he was swapped for the infant Snow Vase by her mother, a concubine. Han Mei raised Snow Vase as her own daughter, but never stopped looking for her son. Eventually finding him at West Lotus, she was mortally wounded by Hades Dai and, as she died, implored Snow Vase to find Wei Fang.

Knowing that Dai will send people to kill Wei Fang, Snow Vase frees him, and is horrified to later hear that he has stolen the sword. Silent Wolf tracks the boy down and they fight on a frozen lake. Wei Fang's master, Iron Crow, arrives and wounds Silent Wolf, allowing Wei Fang to escape and reach West Lotus. Wei Fang offers the sword to Hades Dai, but then attempts to kill him with it to avenge his mother. Shu Lien and the others arrive and fight Dai's army. Shu Lien fights the enchantress and kills her, using her skills to see through the witch's illusions. Mantis kills Flying Blade and Thunder Fist, then fights Snow Vase, who defeats her but is badly wounded. Silent Wolf fights Hades Dai on the tower, eventually killing the warlord with his own sword as he reaches for the Green Destiny.

Snow Vase survives her injuries, and joins Shu Lien, Silent Wolf and Wei Fang as they take the Green Destiny to the Wudang Mountains where it will be kept safe yet again.


In January 2013, it was reported that a sequel to the 2000 film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" would begin shooting in May, with Harvey Weinstein producing. Fight choreography would be by Yuen Woo Ping, The script by John Fusco would be based on the fifth and final book of the Crane-Iron Series, "Iron Knight, Silver Vase". On March 18, 2013, actor Donnie Yen confirmed rumors that he had been offered a role in the new film. Around the same time, there were also conflicting reports on whether Michelle Yeoh had been asked to reprise her role of Yu Shu Lien.

On May 16, 2013, it was officially announced that the sequel had been approved by the studio. Initially titled "Iron Knight, Silver Vase" (the same title as its source material), the film was then re-titled "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend". Donnie Yen was confirmed to star as Silent Wolf while Michelle Yeoh was confirmed to be reprising her role as Yu Shu Lien.

On August 20, 2013, it was reported that Zhang Ziyi was in talks to reprise her role as Jen Yu, but Zhang's agent Ji Lingling told the media that that was not true and stated, "Zhang would reprise her role only if the director was Ang Lee".

On June 16, 2014, it was announced that the film would be co-produced by Pegasus Media, China Film Group Corporation, and The Weinstein Company, with a release date in 2016. On July 30, 2014, actor Harry Shum, Jr. was cast in the role of Wei-Fang.

While it was initially announced that production on the film would begin in June 2014 with location shooting in New Zealand and China, shooting was later bumped to August 2014. In September 2014, "Variety" reported that principal photography was underway in New Zealand.

The leaked order from the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film, and Television (SAPPRFT) Department of Film Management revealed the film's production was approved with amendments, including replacing White Lotus Society with a fictitious martial arts faction, downplaying "Oppose the Qing, Restore the Ming" content, controlling the amount of gore and violence, and amending Yu Xiulian's line "A superior army breaks its enemy without fighting," to "The army which breaks its enemy without fighting is the superior one."

The film was shot in English and dubbed to Mandarin, unlike its predecessor which was the other way around.

On September 29, 2014, it was announced that Netflix and The Weinstein Company's Harvey Weinstein had made a deal to release the feature film "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon II: The Green Legend" on Netflix. The sequel would be released via RADiUS-TWC simultaneously on Netflix and in selected IMAX theatres on August 28, 2015. The day after Netflix's announcement, American cinema chain Regal Entertainment Group announced that they would not show the film in their theaters. Regal's Russ Nunley declined to be part of "an experiment where you can see the same product on screens varying from three stories tall to 3 inches wide on a smart phone", as opposed to a regular theater experience. The same day, AMC, Carmike Cinemas, Cinemark Theatres, and Cineworld also announced they would not show the film. IMAX's CEO Richard Gelfond argued on the rejection by some chains, saying, "This is a test, and I can't tell you for sure that it's going to work, but I can tell you for sure that attempting to innovate is a good idea because as technology changes, viewers change, and we have to figure out what does or doesn't work". On July 7, 2015, the film was removed from the August 28, 2015 slot and was moved back to a fourth-quarter day and date release. A trailer for the film was released on December 7, 2015. The film was scheduled to be released in China on February 8, 2016, but was pushed back to February 19. The film was released worldwide outside China on Netflix and in 10–15 IMAX screens in the United States on February 26, 2016.

The film grossed on its opening weekend in China.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 20%, based on 35 reviews, with an average rating of 5.15/10. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 47 out of 100, based on 13 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

In March 2015, Weinstein Books announced that a film tie-in novel had been written by Justin Hill. The novel was released on January 26, 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="43989746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43989746" title="The Defender (1989 film)">
The Defender (1989 film)

The Defender is a 54-minute Canadian documentary film, made in 1988 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and directed by Stephen Low. The film depicts the building of a strike fighter aircraft by Bob Diemert, an eccentric Canadian aviation engineer. His dream of building the next Canadian fighter aircraft to challenge the might of the Soviet Union was dependent on selling a restored warbird.

At Friendship Field, Carman, Manitoba, aircraft restorer and self-taught engineer Bob Diemert and his friend Chris Ball are working on an unusual project which had its origins in the late 1970s. Taking shape in one of the airfield hangars is a new type of close air support or COIN aircraft designed to take on Soviet Union tanks. Christened the "Defender", the unusual design is a throwback to the heavily armoured Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" and Ilyushin Il-2 "Sturmovik" close air support aircraft of the Second World War.

In order to raise the funds for the Defender, Diemert began to restore one of the rare Japanese aircraft he retrieved from Balalae, Solomon Islands, a Mitsubishi A6M2 Zero fighter, one of very few of the type still in existence. In the past, he had made his mark in the ranks of aircraft restoration when he rebuilt a Hawker Hurricane XII and flew it in the 1969 "Battle of Britain" film. The sale of the Zero to the Confederate Air Force in Texas has to await the painstaking restoration of the Japanese fighter aircraft. As it is readied for a test flight, Diemert runs afoul of Canadian aviation authorities, who refuse to allow him to fly the aircraft. Trucking the restored aircraft to Midland, Texas is the solution and after successful test flights, the Zero is passed over to its new American owners.

Completing the Defender becomes the sole preoccupation of Diemert and his friend. Trying to ensure that the aerodynamics are properly established leads to a curious use of a bathroom scale mounted on the back of a pickup truck, an example of the unorthodox engineering that is employed in the project. Another example of Diemert's out-of-the-box thinking comes when his children ask him to build a swimming pool. His wife comes back from work to find a swimming pool in the living room, complete with wall-to-wall carpeting.

When the Defender finally emerges from its hangar, Diemert prepares for the all-important maiden flight, but things do not go as planned.

Director Stephen Low committed himself to the film project from 1982, following the story of the Diemert projects as they continually changed. The result was a six-year-long period of acquiring footage, along with producer/cameraman Charles Kenowal, at a variety of locations including Diemert's home base of Carman, Winnipeg's Transport Canada offices and Texas. During the production, Low had the full cooperation of Diemert, his friends and his family.

"The Defender" was received "charitably" by audiences and critics alike. After a number of premieres and repeated broadcast showings beginning on March 22, 1990, the film became a cult hit for aviation enthusiasts. Montreal-based writer and photographer and NFB writer Carolyne Weldon characterized "The Defender" as "this doc is part of our deliciously nutty Outside the Box film channel, whose enticing tagline reads 'Experimental films, humorous films and films that make you go "Wha…?"'"

"The Defender" has won awards at numerous festivals. At the 1989 Yorkton Film Festival, the film won "Best Production", "Superchannel Award" and the Golden Sheaf "Best Director" Award for Stephen Low. The film was also nominated for two Genie Awards in 1990 (Best Direction, Documentary and Best Writing, Documentary categories).



</doc>
<doc id="43990735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43990735" title="Everybody Wants Some!! (film)">
Everybody Wants Some!! (film)

Everybody Wants Some!! is a 2016 American comedy film, written and directed by Richard Linklater, about college baseball players in Texas in 1980. The film stars Blake Jenner, Zoey Deutch, Ryan Guzman, Tyler Hoechlin, Glen Powell, Will Brittain, and Wyatt Russell. It had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 11, 2016, and was theatrically released in the United States on March 30, 2016, by Paramount Pictures. The film grossed $4.6 million against a $10 million budget but was critically acclaimed.

In Texas in the fall of 1980, college freshman Jake Bradford, an all-state pitcher in high school, moves into an off-campus house with other members of the college baseball team including his roommate Billy, nicknamed "Beuter" for his Deep Southern accent. He joins Finnegan, Roper, Dale, and Plummer cruising campus by car, looking for women. Upperclassmen Roper and Finnegan both "strike out" with two women, but one of them, Beverly, says she likes Jake; he makes a note of her room number.

At a team meeting in the house, the coach introduces the new players, including freshmen Jake, Plummer, Beuter, Brumley, and transfer students Jay and Willoughby. The coach cites two rules: no alcohol in the house, and no women upstairs. The team quickly disregards the rules and hosts a drunken party during which several players take women up to their bedrooms. The next morning, Beuter leaves temporarily for home, concerned his girlfriend is pregnant.

The team goes out drinking and "cruising chicks", beginning the night at a local disco. Jay makes arrogant, racist remarks to a bartender, provoking a brawl, and the team is ejected. Jay goes home, and the rest of the team changes clothes and visits a western-themed bar. The next day Willoughby shares his marijuana, music, and philosophy with the freshmen. Jake happens upon Justin, a high school teammate who has embraced punk subculture. He invites the team to a punk concert, and with Jake's encouragement, they go. Jake leaves flowers and a note on Beverly's apartment door that night, then attends a massive party at the team’s house.

Beverly calls him in the morning and they agree to meet. She says she is a performing arts major; Jake answers only that he is a baseball player, based on Finnegan’s advice. At the team's first unofficial practice, Jay upsets his teammates by pitching aggressively. McReynolds, the team's captain and best player, puts Jay in his place by hitting a home run. The coach arrives unexpectedly and calls Willoughby off the pitcher's mound. It is later revealed that Willoughby is 30 and has been fraudulently transferring to new colleges to continue playing ball and enjoying the student lifestyle.

Beverly invites Jake to "Oz", a costume party thrown by performing arts students. Jake mentions the party to his teammates and tries to tell them they would not enjoy it, but they cajole him into taking them. Although they initially feel out of place, they enjoy themselves all the same. Finnegan is ridiculed by his friends for pretending to be into astrology, and Jake takes part in an improvised "Alice in Wonderland"–themed take on "The Dating Game". Jake and Beverly spend the rest of the night together.

The next morning, the semester begins and Jake and Beverly walk to class together. Two teammates razz Jake for not returning home that night. He runs into Plummer in his classroom, and they settle in for their first lecture. Their history professor enters and writes "Frontiers are where you find them" on the chalkboard. As their first college class officially begins, Jake and Plummer fall asleep.

Linklater wrote the first draft of the film in mid-2005, and tried to finance it in 2009, but could not get production off the ground until Annapurna Pictures became involved.

In August 2014, Linklater ceased involvement on the Warner Bros. film "The Incredible Mr. Limpet", saying that he wanted to concentrate on a university-set, 1980s baseball film under the working title "That's What I'm Talking About". The project is considered a spiritual sequel to Linklater's 1993 film "Dazed and Confused", which was set on the last day of high school in 1976. Linklater also considers the film a "spiritual sequel" to "Boyhood" because "it begins right where "Boyhood" ends with a guy showing up at college and meeting his new roommates and a girl."

In September, Linklater offered Jenner, Hoechlin, Russell, and Guzman roles as members of the baseball team the film focuses on. Hoechlin chose his role over returning to the fifth season of MTV's series "Teen Wolf". Later in September, Annapurna Pictures became involved as a financial producer of the film, while Paramount Pictures signed on to handle distribution rights. More cast members were announced, including Deutch, Brittain, and Powell.

Principal photography began on October 13, 2014 in Austin, Texas. Filming took place in Weimar, Texas, from October 15 to December 2. Other shooting locations included San Marcos, Texas, Bastrop, Texas, Elgin, Texas and San Antonio. A night shoot involving extras occurred on October 31, 2014, for a costume party scene in Taylor, Texas.

On July 27, 2015, Paramount Pictures set the film for an April 15, 2016 release in the United States. In February 2016, the film was moved up to April 1, in a limited release. It was then moved to March 30.

The film received a limited release across 19 locations in New York City and Los Angeles on March 30. "Deadline Hollywood" said "should the film make $20K per theater that would be great. If it makes north of a $35K average, that would be fantastic." The film's opening weekend per-screen gross was $16,440; the final gross was $4.6 million—well below the film's $10 million budget.

The film is rated R16 in New Zealand for strong violence, sexual references and offensive language.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 87% of critics gave the film positive reviews based on 186 reviews, with an average rating of 7.6/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Nostalgic in the best sense, "Everybody Wants Some!!" finds Richard Linklater ambling through the past with a talented cast, a sweetly meandering story, and a killer classic rock soundtrack." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 83 out of 100 based on 50 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".



</doc>
<doc id="43991502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43991502" title="Two 4 One">
Two 4 One

Two 4 One is a 2014 Canadian comedy-drama film that marks the debut of Victoria, British Columbia filmmaker Maureen Bradley. The film stars Gavin Crawford as Adam, a trans man who agrees to have a one-night stand with his ex-girlfriend Miriam (Naomi Snieckus) during which he uses a mail order at-home pregnancy kit to artificially inseminate her with donated sperm. However, an accident during the encounter leaves both Adam and Miriam pregnant, forcing Adam, who has not yet completed the surgical phase of his gender transition, to confront the ways in which the pregnancy will influence his sense of gender identity.

After premiering on September 21, 2014 at the Calgary International Film Festival., the film gained traction among the LGBT community and extended its screenings to queer and LGBT film festivals across North America and the UK. It received multiple nominations for the 2015 Leo Awards and won three best film awards that same year.


"Two 4 One" is loosely inspired by the real-life pregnancy of Thomas Beatie, a trans man who gave birth to three children between 2008-2010 in place of his infertile wife. After undergoing sex reassignment surgery on his chest region, but keeping his internal reproductive organs intact, Beatie and his wife used artificial insemination and donated sperm to impregnate Beatie in 2007. Bradley used Beatie's pregnancy as a scientific basis from which to build the fictional plot of "Two 4 One", adding in the element of an "accidental" pregnancy to contrast the film's theme of sexual identity.

Financial backing for the film was contributed by Telefilm Canada, National Screen Institute, and the BC Arts Council, as well as a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo. Due to a limited budget and 15-day filming window, Bradley's choice to film in her hometown was both inevitable and serendipitous, with Victoria's coastal backdrop being a key feature to the film's theme of existential questioning.

The film received mixed reviews, with some praising Bradley for creating an honest and dynamic portray of the struggles faced by the transgender community, and others criticising her use of humor as a vehicle for discussing serious transgender issues.

Writing for the "National Post", Rebecca Tucker states that by placing the focus of the film on Adam and Miriam's love story, rather than Adam's sexual reassignment surgery, is “what makes the film work ... The habit [of film] to focus specifically on transition –on treating the bodies’ of trans people as physical curiosities open for discussion –is wickedly dehumanizing.” Bradley’s highlighting of a transgender character within “the greater context of humane experience, not just trans experience, is important particularly as a means of garnering greater acceptance, understanding, and tolerance: simply put, it communicates rather bluntly that trans people are people, too.” Brad Wheeler of "The Globe and Mail" also gave the film a three out of four stars rating, stating that while “the acting is uniformly unforced and the tone is gentle throughout the turns” there is fault in how the “highly awkward situations are resolved with an efficiency that is more wishful thinking than reality.”

Susan G. Cole, a feminist writer for "NOW Magazine", describes the film as having issues with tone, stating: “this is supposed to be a comedy, but the struggles of transgendered people are very real and not funny. And writer/director Bradley gives us an easy ending that makes it look like transphobia doesn’t exist.”

At the 2015 Leo Awards, ‘’Two 4 One’’ received 5 nominations, including: Best Motion Picture, Best Director (for Bradley), Best Screenplay (for Bradley), Best Casting, and Best Costume Design.
At the 2015 Available Light Film Festival, Victoria Film Festival, and Vancouver International Film Festival, the film won Best Feature/Canadian Fiction Film. Additional awards include Outstanding Performance, Male Category, for Gavin Crawford at the ACTRA Toronto Awards, and a nomination for Best Emerging BC Filmmaker for Maureen Bradely at the Vancouver International Film Festival.

The film gained international recognition through screenings across North America and the UK, garnering award nominations and wins at: Pittsburgh LGBT Film Festival (Audience Award for Best Comedy), Chicago International LGBTQ+ Film Festival (Special Jury Prize), and Translations: The Seattle Transgender Film Festival (Audience Award for Best Feature Film).



</doc>
<doc id="43993456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43993456" title="2 Frogs in the West">
2 Frogs in the West

2 Frogs in the West () is a Canadian comedy-drama film, released in 2010. The directorial debut of filmmaker and actor Dany Papineau, the film premiered in Montreal on October 8, 2010. It stars Mirianne Brulé, Dany Papineau, Jessica Malka, Germain Houde, and Charlie David.

The film stars Mirianne Brulé as Marie, a restless young woman from Quebec who decides to drop out of university and hitchhike west to Whistler, British Columbia on a voyage of self-discovery, much to her parents' dismay. The journey to British Columbia is not an easy one, as along the way Marie experiences a myriad of bumps and mishaps, with her finally arriving in Whistler only to have her luggage stolen. After this exasperating ordeal a man by the name of Jean-François (Papineau), who is also from Québec, takes Marie in to stay with him and his two roommates, his ex-girlfriend Gaby (Malka) and their gay friend Brad (Barton). During her time there Marie experiments sexually with Gaby and through this is drawn into an unexpected love triangle with both J-F and Gaby.

The film's cast also includes Brandon Barton, Juan Riedinger, Anik Vermette, Germain Houde, Diane Lavallée, Valérie Chevalier, Charlie David, Bruno Baronet, Adam Bergquist, Rick Tae, Niels Schneider, Bill Marchant and Linda Darlow.

The film is directly inspired by director Papineau's own experience travelling from his home province of Québec to Alberta during his undergraduate degree. While in Québec he had been studying engineering at Sherbrooke, but after spending a summer on a ranch in Banff, Alberta, decided to stay there instead of returning to Sherbrooke. After having such a successful time in the western part of Canada he decided to enroll at the Vancouver Film School for a year long program and ended up living in Vancouver for six years. Papineau first wrote "2 Frogs" as a 21 minute short film in 2004, and after receiving much acting success as a result, was able to turn the short film into the feature length film it is today. During an interview with Papineau at the 2010 Whistler Film Festival, Papineau highlighted how the inspiration for the movie came from how the young adults who come to Whistler from all around the world go there for a couple of months to help determine what they want to do with their lives. He expressed how he felt a lot of people would recognize themselves in the film because of this.

After its debut in Montreal, the movie received excellent reviews from film critics. The film was showcased at film festivals around the world, receiving many accolades for its involvement in the LGBT film community. In 2012, it was highlighted as one of the best films at the Durban Gay and Lesbian Film Festival and was also featured in many film events devoted to the LGBT community, including QFest: the Annual Houston International LGBTQ Film Festival. Although recognized abroad, the film also received recognition in Canada, in publications like the Globe and Mail and was presented in multiple Canadian film festivals. The film not only received accolades for its portrayal of the LGBT community but also for its portrayal of Canadian culture. As the film illustrates the typical adolescent Canadian experience, of a young adult leaving their long-time home in the Eastern provinces to find work in the West of Canada, the film also received awards reflecting its Canadian influences. As a highlight, the film was chosen to close the 2010 Whistler Film Festival, after the short film, "Two Frogs in the West", that it was based on had been previously featured at the festival in 2004. At the festival, the film won the festival's Best Mountain Culture Film award, an award which directly reflected the spirit of the film and the area in which the festival was held.

Although it received positive feedback at film festivals for its portrayal of both Canadian culture and the LGBT community, it received mixed reviews from its general audience for its "predictable" plotline. Some online reviews of the film described it has being unimaginative and the acting to be underwhelming while another reviewer claimed that "the problems with "2 Frogs" are based pretty much entirely in the screenplay". No matter how negative or positive the reviews it received were, one thing remained consistent: that Papineau has great potential as a director. No matter the downfalls described by the film's critics, "2 Frogs" "demonstrates that it's possible for a film to be bad, while still showcasing the positive potential of its writer/director".



</doc>
<doc id="43993637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43993637" title="The Choice (2016 film)">
The Choice (2016 film)

The Choice is a 2016 American romantic drama film directed by Ross Katz and written by Bryan Sipe, based on Nicholas Sparks' 2007 novel of the same name about two neighbors who fall in love at their first meeting. The movie stars Benjamin Walker, Teresa Palmer, Maggie Grace, Alexandra Daddario, Tom Welling and Tom Wilkinson.

Principal photography began on October 13, 2014, in Wilmington, North Carolina. Lionsgate released the film on February 5, 2016.

Travis Shaw (Benjamin Walker) is a veterinarian, living in the city of Wilmington, NC, who falls in love on his first meeting with Gabby Holland (Teresa Palmer), who has moved into the house next door. Their initial meeting, however, is rather rocky as Travis is hosting a noisy backyard picnic, complete with loud music while Gabby is trying to study next door. Gabby is a medical student who is in a relationship with a fellow doctor, Ryan McCarthy (Tom Welling). Travis has an on again, off again relationship with a girl named Monica. With Ryan out of state overseeing a new hospital opening, Gabby and Travis spend more time together, starting a relationship.

Ryan returns, and is keen to resume his relationship with Gabby. Unsure of her feelings, Gabby tells Travis that their relationship wasn't necessarily serious, so she says yes to Ryan's marriage proposal. Monica (Alexandra Daddario) breaks up with Travis, telling him that she knows about him and Gabby and that he should fight for her because they love each other. Travis goes to the hospital, only to find out Gabby left after she broke off her engagement with Ryan. Ryan punches him for the affair. Travis then goes to Gabby's family home to propose to her. After convincing her of his love, she says yes. They marry and over the course of the next few years they have two children and become a happy family.

One evening, after a dinner to which Travis has failed to show due to a work emergency, Gabby drives back home but is involved in an accident with another car. She survives but is now in a coma, which seems permanent. Travis, wracked with guilt, has to decide whether to take her off life support.

After a storm nearly destroys their house, Travis finds the wind chimes that Gabby had on her porch. Travis goes to his island and builds a gazebo and hangs the wind chimes there. The shell chime starts to ring in the wind and Travis runs to the hospital where Gabby has woken up from her coma. He takes her home where she is welcomed by the family and Travis' sister's newborn child. To make up for missing their dinner date they have one in the front yard, where she tells him she heard everything he said whilst in the coma. The last shot is of Travis and Gabby with their children and dogs sitting in the gazebo called Gabby's Point, looking out onto the shore and up at the stars.


On June 10, 2014, Lionsgate acquired the American and United Kingdom rights to make a film adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' 2007 novel "The Choice". Bryan Sipe wrote the script for the film, which Sparks, Theresa Park and Peter Safran produced. On September 2, Ross Katz was set to direct the film, which Sparks co-financed and -produced with his Nicholas Sparks Productions, along with Safran's The Safran Company. On September 30, Benjamin Walker was cast to play the lead role in the film, Travis Parker. On the same day, Teresa Palmer was cast as the female lead, Gabby Holland. On October 7, Tom Wilkinson was added to the cast to play Dr. Shep. On October 8, Alexandra Daddario, Tom Welling, and Maggie Grace joined the film. Welling plays Ryan, a doctor at his father's practice who is Gabby's boyfriend, and Grace plays Travis' sister, Stephanie.

Principal photography on the film began on October 13, 2014, in Wilmington, North Carolina, and lasted through November 21. For the first three days, the crew and extras filmed at the "Dockside Restaurant & Bar" and "Bridge Tender Marina" along with actors, near Wrightsville Beach. On October 20, filming was taking place at Hanover Seaside Club in Wrightsville Beach. The production later moved to downtown Wilmington, where filming took place in a house.

"The Choice" grossed $18.7 million in North America and $4.7 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $23.4 million.

The film was released in North America on February 5, 2016, alongside "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies" and "Hail, Caesar!". The film was projected to gross $7–9 million from 2,631 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $290,000 from Thursday night previews and $6,050,443 in its opening weekend, finishing fifth at the box office behind "Kung Fu Panda 3" ($21.2 million), "Hail, Caesar!" ($11.4 million), "" ($7 million) and "The Revenant" ($6.9 million).

"The Choice" received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 11%, based on 79 reviews, with an average rating of 3.7/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Like the 10 Nicholas Sparks movies before it, "The Choice" finds tragedy striking star-crossed lovers in the sun-dappled South – yet even for those who loved its predecessors, this gauzy melodrama may feel painfully formulaic." Metacritic reports a score of 26 out of 100, based on 23 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

Frank Schenk of the Hollywood Reporter criticized the film as being "the cinematic equivalent of staring at a Hallmark Card for two hours." A. A. Dowd of the A.V. Club called it "a formulaic mush". Moira Macdonald of the Seattle Times wrote the film "moves inexorably to its inevitable tear-jerky end." Andrew Barker of Variety describes the film as "beginning as a merely mediocre retread of standard Sparksian tropes, veering off into self-parody around the hour-mark, and finally concluding with one of the most brazenly cynical climaxes recently committed to film." Devan Coggan of Entertainment Weekly concluded that the film was a "predictable, recycled mess."

"The Choice" was released on DVD and Blu-ray on May 3, 2016. The movie was released for inclusion in Amazon Prime membership in 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="43993734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43993734" title="A Monster Calls (film)">
A Monster Calls (film)

A Monster Calls is a 2016 dark fantasy film directed by J. A. Bayona and written by Patrick Ness, based on his novel of the same name, which in turn was based on an original idea by Siobhan Dowd. The film stars Sigourney Weaver, Felicity Jones, Toby Kebbell, Lewis MacDougall, and Liam Neeson, and tells the story of Conor (MacDougall), a child whose mother (Jones) is terminally ill; one night, he is visited by a monster in the form of a giant anthropomorphic yew tree (Neeson), who states that he will come back and tell Conor three stories. The film is an international co-production between Spain, United Kingdom and the United States.

"A Monster Calls" premiered at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival on 10 September 2016. It was then released in Spain on 7 October 2016, and in the United Kingdom on 1 January 2017. In the United States, the film began a limited release in on 23 December 2016, followed by a wide release on 6 January 2017. It received positive reviews, being praised for its themes, directing, performances and visual effects, but underperformed at the box office, grossing $47 million worldwide on a budget of $43 million.

13-year-old Conor O'Malley holds a close bond with his seriously ill mother, and maintains the household during her regular chemotherapy treatments at the hospital. Conor's grandmother often visits, and she suggests that Conor live with her in the event of his mother's death. Conor is reluctant to take up this offer due to her cold personality. At school, Conor is ridiculed as a daydreamer and is regularly tormented and bullied by his classmate Harry. Conor is also plagued by a nightmare in which the old church near his house collapses and falls into a hole, where someone else is in danger of plummeting and he tries to hold onto them. Conor vents his emotions via drawing, a talent he inherited from his mother. One night, exactly seven minutes past midnight, he awakes from his nightmare to see the large yew tree next to the church transform into a gnarled monster that approaches Conor's home and speaks to him. The Monster says that it will tell Conor three stories during their next meetings, after which Conor must tell the Monster a fourth tale in return.

In the Monster's first story, a prince escapes from his stepmother, the supposedly-evil elderly queen, with his bride, but then kills his sleeping bride under a yew tree and makes the queen into a scapegoat so that his people can drive the queen away and make him king. As the condition of Conor's mother worsens, Conor moves in with his grandmother. Conor's father, who lives in Los Angeles with a new family, visits Conor and invites him to visit his stepfamily on Christmas, which gives Conor hope that he might live with him permanently. After Conor angrily damages his grandmother's valuable clock, the Monster appears and tells his second story: a hard-hearted parson forbids an apothecary from extracting medicine from an old yew tree, only to rescind this measure when his own children become ill. However, the apothecary cannot help him, and the Monster begins to destroy the parson's house as punishment. Conor enthusiastically joins in on the destruction, but comes to find that he has decimated his grandmother's living room. His grandmother, while bitter, does not punish Conor.

Conor's mother's condition declines further, and her doctors turn to a final treatment involving yew wood. Conor learns of this and implores the Monster to heal his mother, only for the Monster to dismiss the matter as outside of his responsibility. At school, Harry proclaims to Conor that he will no longer bother Conor because he "no longer sees [him]". The Monster appears and tells a story of an invisible man who did not want to be so. With the Monster's support, Conor attacks Harry and hospitalizes him. To Conor's astonishment, the headmistress refrains from punishing Conor as she comprehends Conor's current situation. When it becomes clear that his mother will die, Conor runs to the yew tree, where the Monster forces him to relive his nightmare, in which his mother dangles for her life. Conor finally admits that he had long suspected that his mother would not survive her illness and secretly hoped that she would die soon, which fills him with guilt. The Monster tells him that he did not truly want his mother to die, but simply to end his own suffering. Conor's grandmother finds him asleep under the yew tree and drives him to the hospital, during which Conor reconciles with her. At the hospital, Conor embraces his mother one last time and as she is passing she glances at the Monster, as if she was, acknowledging its existence. She dies at seven minutes past noon. Conor returns to his grandmother's house, where his mother's old room is refurbished for him. In the room, he finds his mother's old art book, which depicts the stories that were told to him by the Monster, and a drawing of his mother as a child with the Monster.


Focus Features bought the rights to the book in March 2014. Patrick Ness, the book's author, served as the film's screenwriter, with J. A. Bayona hired as director. On 23 April 2014, Felicity Jones joined the film to play the boy's mother. On 8 May, Liam Neeson was cast to voice the Monster, and on 18 August, Sigourney Weaver joined to play the boy's grandmother. On August 19, Toby Kebbell was also cast in the film. On 3 September, author Ness tweeted that Lewis MacDougall had been set for one of the lead roles as the boy in the film. On 30 September, Geraldine Chaplin joined the cast.

Principal photography began on 30 September 2014, in Spain and Britain. On 9 October, the filming began on location in Preston, Lancashire, Rivington Pike (Chorley/Horwich), Blackpool Pleasure Beach and Marsden, West Yorkshire

Liam Neeson, who voices the titular tree creature, was not on set throughout the shooting process, and completed his motion-capture performance during a two-week period beforehand, with MacDougall in the room. Tom Holland worked on set as The Monster with Neeson absent.

Originally scheduled for an October 2016 release, the film was delayed in order to avoid competition from "", "Boo! A Madea Halloween", "", and "Keeping Up with the Joneses". It was rescheduled for a limited roll out on 23 December 2016, followed by a wide release on 6 January 2017. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 1 January 2017, by Entertainment One and Lionsgate, and in India on 6 January 2017, by B4U Relativity.

"A Monster Calls" grossed $3.7 million in the United States and Canada and $43.5 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $47.2 million, against a production budget of $43 million.

In North America, the film had its wide release alongside the opening of "" and the wide expansions of "Hidden Figures" and "Lion", and was initially expected to gross around $10 million from 1,523 theaters over the weekend. However, after making just $659,000 on its first day, weekend projections were lowered to $2 million, which it ended up grossing, finishing 13th at the box office. In its second weekend of wide release it grossed $537,262 (a drop of 74.2%) and in its third week made just $19,080 (a drop of 96.4%) after being pulled from all but 42 theaters, one of the biggest third week theater drops in history.

The aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 86% based on 259 reviews, and an average rating of 7.58/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""A Monster Calls" deftly balances dark themes and fantastical elements to deliver an engrossing and uncommonly moving entry in the crowded coming-of-age genre." At Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 76 out of 100, based on 40 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.



</doc>
<doc id="43994811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43994811" title="Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth">
Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth

Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth is a 22-minute Canadian documentary film, made in 1980 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and directed by Norma Bailey and Robert Lower. Shot in northern Manitoba, the film explores the myth of the bush pilot as a heroic and iconic figure in the Canada's north.

From the 1920s, the bush pilot had been instrumental in pushing back the frontiers of Canada, both westward and northward. In order to traverse the great stretches of northern bush and lake country, bush planes became the preferred means, supplanting the canoe and dog sled. Originally introduced in 1935, the Noorduyn Norseman was one of the first purpose-built aircraft to work in Canada's remote and unsettled regions. Remaining in production for almost 25 years with over 900 produced, a number of examples of Noorduyn Norseman aircraft remain in commercial and private use to this day.

In 1974, Northway Aviation pilot Jim Beauchamp left his job as a bank executive, to follow his dream of becoming a bush pilot, flying the Noorduyn Norseman. Even though he is aware of the romantic notion that many might attach to his job, most times it is just a job, with long hours and back-breaking work in an isolated and often hostile environment. His boss, Jim Johnson simply describes flying in the north as pilots acting as either a bus or taxi driver.

For over 25 years, Northway from its floatplane base at the Icelandic River in Riverton, Manitoba, maintained a lifeline to the small towns cradling Lake Winnipeg. While fresh produce and groceries, building materials and equipment were flown north, some communities hauled out fish, fur and wild rice harvested on the lakes. With the development of larger, more modern communities such as Thompson, Manitoba, northern isolation was coming to an end, and the myth of the bush pilot as a heroic figure was also fading.

Directors Norma Bailey and Robert Lower began pre-production in 1978, originally intending to make a film as an homage to the Noorduyn Norseman bush plane. Both directors grew up in rural Manitoba and had flown extensively on bush planes, with Lower having his own private pilot's licence.

As they gathered footage at the Northway Aviation Ltd. and Lambair Ltd. airlines that flew the Norseman, as well as accessing archival footage shot by the bush pilots of the 1920s and 1930s, the story changed to one of the bush pilots rather than the aircraft they flew. Principal photography ended in 1980.

"Bush Pilot: Reflections on a Canadian Myth" was well received as a documentary and had its initial release in Manitoba with public showings in Riverton, Manitoba and Winnipeg on January 21, 1981. In a recent review, pilot and author Mike Singer called the film, "a tribute to the bush pilot". "The short 23 minute film features a Mk IV Noorduyn Norseman operated by Northway Aviation of Manitoba, and includes archival footage, as well as interviews with pilots. It's well worth watching if you have any interest in bush flying, or in the history of Canadian Aviation."

"Bush Pilot" played on several television stations of the CBC Northern service in November 1981. Some CBC and CTV affiliates in Saskatchewan, as well as CITY TV in Toronto over the next few years, broadcast the film. A television sale was also made to the public service television network of Spain (RTV Television Espanola). The film was subsequently released in 16 mm in the non-theatrical market for use in schools in Canada, distributed by the National Film Board of Canada.



</doc>
<doc id="43999326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43999326" title="Moan (film)">
Moan (film)

Moan is a 1999 gay pornographic horror film directed by David Thompson, and written by Alex Nixx. It is based on the 1996 film "Scream" by Wes Craven and Kevin Williamson.

While making popcorn, Kenny is called by an unknown person, who flirts with him. The conversation turns disturbing, and ends when a man wearing a hood and face paint breaks into Kenny's house, and rapes him. The next day, Kenny's friends discuss what happened to him, revealing that he was so traumatized from being sexually assaulted that he has suffered a mental breakdown. Investigating the attack is Deputy Derek, who questions Kenny's friends, all of whom have reasonable alibis. Derek then has sex with Ricky, and afterward Ricky mentions that Kenny had recently dumped Stuart.

After Derek leaves, dismissing a nosy reporter on his way out, Sam chats with Tom, and brings up Chris, his boyfriend who had been raped and murdered almost a year ago, supposedly by a man named Steve Warner. Sam goes home, and after masturbating he is taunted over the phone by Kenny's rapist, who then attacks him. Sam fights off his assailant, and accuses Brian of being him, as he showed up right after the attack, cellular phone in hand. Brian is arrested by Derek, but is released the next day, due to a lack of evidence, and Sam getting another call from the rapist.

Despite all that has happened, everyone attends a party being held at Stuart's house. Tom goes to get beer and light bulbs out of the garage, where he is confronted by and has sex with the rapist, who drowns him in a hot tub afterward. Ricky goes to look for Tom, and is locked in the garage by the rapist, revealed to be Brian, who is working with Stuart. Brian murdered Chris and framed his boyfriend Steve for it because Chris and Steve were having an affair, and now he and Stuart are going to kill Sam, after forcing him to participate in a threesome, as "no porno is complete without a good threeway". When the trio ejaculates, Derek and the reporter enter, and arrest Brian and Stuart, the reporter having recorded the two bragging about their crimes from outside.


Jeremy Spencer of "GayVN" gave "Moan" a 3½ out of 5, criticizing the editing and direction, but still calling it "a fast-paced sexual romp that is both hysterical and creepy" with a cast composed of "powerhouse sexual performers and some decent actors". A score of 3/4 was given to the film by the Gay Erotic Video Index, which wrote, "It's a funny, campy spoof that is loaded with hot sex, over-the-top performances and a spattering of technical snafus". The film won Best Sex Comedy at the 2000 GayVN Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="43999563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=43999563" title="Pay the Ghost">
Pay the Ghost

Pay the Ghost is a 2015 American supernatural horror film directed by Uli Edel and written by Dan Kay. The film stars Nicolas Cage, Sarah Wayne Callies, Veronica Ferres, Lauren Beatty, Jack Fulton, and Elizabeth Jeanne le Roux. The film was released on September 25, 2015, by RLJ Entertainment.

A professor, Mike Lawford (Nicolas Cage) frantically searches for his son who was abducted during a Halloween parade. As nearly a year goes by, the parents are still looking for their son and starting to hear and see their son reaching out to them from the other world—the Professor sees his son on a passing bus, but upon chasing the bus down and gaining access, his son is not there. He disembarks and notices spray painted on a building, "pay the ghost," the phrase his son uttered before vanishing. He enters the building and finds homeless people living there. Unearthly screams of a woman are heard, and a blind homeless man calls for the others to mask their fires, explaining to Mike that the screams are heard every year before Halloween. Mike asks about the phrase, and is taken to a wall with more of the same phrases written on it. Engrossed by the wall and the homeless man, he does not notice the wall behind him shift into another world, and a demonic figure briefly appears behind him, then vanishes. The homeless man explains nothing, but quickly tells Mike to leave.

His wife later sees their son's scooter move on its own, and calls him. Later that night while pouring wine, the power in their home goes out. Mike looks out the window to see three children appear and burned at the stake, then turns and sees his apartment crowded with figures of children, standing lifeless and pale. They call a psychic to investigate. Standing in their son's room, she senses nothing, but then abruptly walks to the window, looks at the approaching storm, and says, "It's here... it has all the children." The psychic is then thrown against the wall and strangled before collapsing, burn scars all over her hands. A later autopsy shows her internal organs were burned to ash.

Later, Mike walks upstairs to his wife's room, and she addresses him with their son's voice, pleading for help and saying "She's coming, Dad. I'm scared." He walks closer, and sees his wife cutting herself. Cleaning the wound, they find a symbol, which leads them to a Celtic Halloween celebration. A participant explains—the children are burning dolls to pay the ghost, so they won't be taken. In early New York, on Halloween night of 1679, because of her Celtic worship, a young widow living on the first New York settlement was burned alive with her three children by an angry mob of settlers suspecting her to be a witch, and she takes revenge every year on Halloween, when the border between the spiritual world and the physical world dissolves for a short time. Since then, every Halloween the ghost of this woman takes three living children from their parents and puts them in an alternate world. The borders solidify until next Halloween, and the children taken are able to reach out and be rescued. But if the children cannot escape this alternate world within the first year, they are stuck in this world forever.

The professor is able to break into this world and bring back his son as well as the other children that were taken exactly one year ago on Halloween.


On May 15, 2014, Nicolas Cage joined the cast. On August 25, 2014, Sarah Wayne Callies joined the cast. On September 5, 2014, Veronica Ferres joined the cast. On September 4, 2014, Lyriq Bent joined the cast. Principal photography began in September 2014.

On August 6, 2015, it was announced RLJ Entertainment had acquired distribution rights to the film, and set a September 23, 2015, limited release and video on demand release date. The film was released on September 25, 2015, in a limited release, and through video on demand.

"Pay the Ghost" received negative reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 10%, based on 21 reviews, with a rating of 3.6/10. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 23 out of 100, based on 9 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".


</doc>
<doc id="44006220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44006220" title="Into the Forest">
Into the Forest

Into the Forest is a 2015 Canadian drama film written and directed by Patricia Rozema. The film is based on the book written by Jean Hegland published in 1996. The film stars Ellen Page, Evan Rachel Wood, Max Minghella, Callum Keith Rennie, Michael Eklund, and Wendy Crewson.

In the near future, two teenage sisters, Nell and Eva, live in a remotely located home with their father, Robert. There is a massive, continent-wide power outage that appears to be part of a region-wide technological collapse. Nell goes to the SUV to get the headlamp but fails to close the tailgate. The car battery is drained, so they are left stranded for days. A few weeks later, Robert gets the car working and they make it to the nearest town where they buy supplies including gas from a man named Stan who's guarding his store. Later, Eva attends dance class while her sister meets up with Eli, a boy she has a crush on. Returning home, they see a stranded car and the girls' father offers to help the passengers, but after they brandish guns the family move on. Robert says they will not return to town until the power is restored, but Nell, wanting to see Eli again, throws a fit at this news. Later, while Robert is cutting down a tree, a bolt on the chainsaw comes loose and he accidentally slashes his leg. The girls hear his screams and run to find him, Eva attempts to hold pressure on the wound while Nell uses a belt as a tourniquet. Knowing he is bleeding to death, Robert tells the girls to take care of each other and love one another. They stay with his body throughout the night, while animals are lingering in the darkness. The next day they bury him where he died in the forest so the wild pigs cannot eat him.

Two months pass and the girls are low on food. Eli arrives one night, having walked there looking for Nell. He says the surrounding houses are abandoned. Eva is upset that Eli is there using their limited supplies and tells Nell not to get pregnant. After Nell and Eli sleep together in Nell's fort in a giant hollowed-out tree trunk in the forest, he says there may still be power and order in Boston. He convinces Nell to go with him. They leave but Eva refuses to go with them. After spending the night sitting awake on the road while Eli sleeps, Nell turns back, unwilling to leave Eva. Nell researches plants for food and medicine, and forages. Nell then has a night of celebration when she confirms she is not pregnant after her tryst with Eli. One day while Nell is in the forest foraging, Eva is surprised by Stan while she is splitting logs outside the house. He assaults and rapes her before stealing most of the remaining gas and their SUV. The girls board up the house to prevent further scavengers and looters from arriving, and Eva stays indoors. Traumatized, Eva lies in bed, refusing to eat. A few weeks later Nell gets injured trying to move an embedded rock, and Eva rushes out to help her. Back inside Eva begins to massage Nell's back to help her heal but breaks down sobbing and tells Nell she's drowning under black waves of fear. The next morning Eva finally eats but starts throwing up, and soon realizes she is pregnant as a result of her rape. To Nell's surprise, Eva has decided to keep the baby, saying that she doesn't want to lose anything else.

Eight months later, the power still has not been restored. Nell is taking care of the heavily-pregnant Eva and learns how to hunt and kill animals to get Eva vitamin B12 because Eva is anemic. During a bad rain storm, several beams of the roof break and Eva goes into labor. The sisters flee for Nell's hollowed-out tree stump fort, where Eva gives birth to a baby boy. Returning to their ruined home, Eva (who won the rest of the gas in a bet on the baby's sex), decides to burn down the house so that anyone passing will think that they had died in a fire. Before setting the house ablaze, they collect a few precious items and keepsakes, and begin to walk into the darkened forest to set up camp at the hollow tree trunk.


On October 21, 2013, Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood joined the cast. Principal photography and production began on July 28, 2014. On August 27, 2014, Max Minghella and Callum Keith Rennie joined the cast.

The film premiered in the Special Presentation section at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on September 12, 2015. Shortly after, A24 Films and DirecTV Cinema acquired U.S distribution rights to the film, it premiered on DirecTV before showing theaters. In December 2015, the film was announced as part of TIFF's annual Canada's Top Ten screening series of the ten best Canadian films of the year. It was released theatrically in 15 theaters in Canada on June 3, 2016 and in the United States on July 29. The film played for one week in 15 theaters where it grossed nearly $10,000.

"Into the Forest" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 78%, based on 46 reviews, with an average rating of 6.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""Into the Forest" grounds its familiar apocalyptic framework with a relatable look at the bond between two sisters, compellingly brought to life by Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood." On Metacritic, the film holds a score of 59 out of 100, based on 18 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".


</doc>
<doc id="44009573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44009573" title="Babysitter Massacre">
Babysitter Massacre

Babysitter Massacre is a 2013 horror film written and directed by Henrique Couto. Three sequels, "Babysitter Massacre II: Slay Belles", "Babysitter Massacre III: Overnight" and "Babysitter Massacre IV: Heavy Metal", were crowdfunded via Kickstarter in 2018.

On Halloween, a babysitter is sent several threatening text messages, the last of which reads, "I'm not in the house... yet". Moments later, the sitter is grabbed by a man in a white mask, who duct tapes her to a chair, rips three of her fingernails out, and slits her throat. Elsewhere, Angela chats with her neighbor, Mr. Walker, whose daughter, April, was abducted seven years ago, and has recently been deemed deceased in absentia. Angela was a member of the same babysitters club as April, and when she was taken, every member of the club besides Angela blamed Bianca, who was with April when she disappeared. To try and cheer up the dour Bianca, Angela invites her to a party she is throwing, while out in the woods another girl is slain by the masked man. The killer then breaks into a house, where he murders a couple, mutilating the girl with a straight razor before slashing her throat.

Angela and her friend Lucky prepare for the party, as the killer butchers another girl and her co-worker in an office. Bianca, who had just argued with the victim, spots the murderer (whose disguise is similar to the one worn by the person she saw take April) leaving the building and tries to follow him, but he eludes her. The maniac continues his rampage as Angela and Lucky welcome their first guest, Arlene, and Bianca angrily blows off her ex-boyfriend, Tyler. Bianca visits Angela, but storms off when Arlene taunts her with a Ouija board, afterward deciding to check on the other babysitter club members with Tyler, due to her suspicion that the masked man could be the same one who kidnapped April.

After massacring a gathering of six people, the madman breaks into Angela's house, and chloroforms her, Lucky, and Arlene. Angela and Arlene awaken in the basement, where Lucky, who has been beaten and tied to a chair, informs them that their captor told her that he will free Angela and Arlene if they kill her with a hammer. As it is their only option, Lucky tells Arlene to sacrifice her, which the sobbing Arlene reluctantly does. Bianca has Tyler drop her off at Angela's house, where she is approached by Mr. Walker, who hints that he was the one who murdered April before he knocks Bianca unconscious with a head butt.

Mr. Walker proceeds to enter the basement, strangle Arlene, and unmask himself for Angela. Mr. Walker takes Angela upstairs, incapacitates her by cutting her ankles, and rants about how much he loves her; he murdered all of the others in order to free her from her old life, so that she could start a new one with him, asserting, "You will come to love me, in time". While Mr. Walker pours gasoline throughout the kitchen, Angela stabs him in the stomach, with Mr. Walker doing the same to her. Angela begins crawling away while Mr. Walker takes out a lighter, proclaiming, "The only thing more romantic than running away together, is dying together. Love is a bitch!" The disoriented Bianca enters, but is told to run by Angela, who reassures her by saying, "It's not your fault". The house erupts up in flames, and Bianca goes into hysterics as Tyler tries to console her, and emergency services approach.


Gordon Sullivan of DVD Verdict responded well to the film, and transcribed his closing thoughts regarding it with, "Many fans of low-budget films look for the diamond in the rough, that one film that will make up for the dozen or so terrible films that have to be endured until a gem appears. "Babysitter Massacre" is one of those gems. It's made by people who love the genre and have the skills to craft a low-budget homage that gets it right. It's not going to change anyone's life, but those who remember sorority slasher films fondly will appreciate "Babysitter Massacre". Similarly, Film Threat's Mike Watt wrote, "A direct homage to the tireless subgenre of '80s slashers, particularly "Sorority House Massacre 2" which is name-checked in the dialogue, "Babysitter Massacre" offers up all you need to know in its title and really delivers to the intended audience". In a review of the film for Rock! Shock! Pop!, Ian Jane stated, "Right in the opening scene we get a curvy cutie out of her clothes and into the bath before taking her out... and we're off and running from there. Nudity is plentiful and wanton and the gore scenes are nasty enough to work. The movie shifts from fairly playful to decidedly malicious in the last twenty minutes, and the fairly drastic change in tone might take some by surprise but that's how it goes regardless. The acting is fairly average for a low budget movie, though Marylee Osborne manages to show some range taking a stereotypical tough girl character and giving her a bit of believable emotion. The rest of the characters are fairly standard, though not unlikeable. Ultimately there isn't a whole lot of suspense here and as a horror movie, this isn't going to blow you away. As a leering, trashy exploitation film with some random moments of humor contrasting in strange ways with the more serious murder set pieces, however, it's interesting and entertaining enough".


</doc>
<doc id="44009893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44009893" title="The Hero of Color City">
The Hero of Color City

The Hero of Color City is a 2014 American computer-animated comedy film directed by Frank Gladstone and written by Jess Kedward, J.P. McCormick, Kirsty Peart, and Rich Raczelowski. The film stars Christina Ricci, Sean Astin, Owen Wilson, E.G. Daily, Jessica Capshaw, Rosie Perez, Tara Strong, Craig Ferguson, Wayne Brady, Jess Harnell and David Kaye. Original songs and score by Zoë Poledouris and Angel Roché Jr. The film was released in a limited theatrical engagement on October 3, 2014 by Magnolia Pictures, followed by releases on Video On Demand and Home Entertainment platforms.

Every night when Ben goes to bed, his crayons come to life and set out to Color City. Yellow, a timid crayon afraid of everything, accidentally summons two unfinished drawings known as King Scrawl and his sidekick Gnat. The crayons are forced to act quickly in order to save their town before their colors fade.


On Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a rating of 25%, based on 20 reviews, with an average rating of 3.5/10. On Metacritic, the film has a rating of 33 out of 100, based on 12 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

The film received a positive reception from viewers on streaming platforms, with viewer ratings of 4 out of 5 stars on iTunes, 3.9 out of 5 stars on Google Play, and 4.6 out of 5 stars on Amazon Prime.

The film had a limited release on October 3, 2014.

DVD and Blu-ray was released on December 2, 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="44010657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44010657" title="Meet the Mormons">
Meet the Mormons

Meet the Mormons is a 2014 American documentary film directed by Blair Treu and produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The film documents the lives of six devout Mormons living in the United States, Costa Rica, and Nepal. The LDS Church donated all net proceeds from the theatrical release of the film to the American Red Cross.

The film was originally designed for viewing in the Legacy Theater in the Joseph Smith Memorial Building in Salt Lake City, but after screenings with test audiences, LDS Church leadership decided to release the film first in theaters across the United States. According to Jeffrey R. Holland, the film is "not a proselytizing effort but informative" and is an "opportunity to share who Mormons really are". The film is financed and distributed by the LDS Church, a first for the church. It is shot in documentary format and will be translated into 10 languages.

American singer-songwriter and actor David Archuleta sang the track "Glorious" for the film.

The film features Jermaine Sullivan, "The Bishop", and his family. Sullivan is an African-American who is an academic counselor at the University of Phoenix. He was bishop of a ward in Atlanta, Georgia when the film was made, and now serves as a stake president. The film also covers Sullivan's wife and children. Darius Gray was among the associates of Sullivan interviewed.

"The Coach", Ken Niumatalolo, head football coach at the United States Naval Academy.

"The Fighter", Carolina Muñoz Marin, an MMA fighter from Costa Rica who had a chance to go pro international, but she and her husband decided it would separate their family too much.

"The Humanitarian", Bishnu Adhikari, a man from Nepal, with a degree in engineering who is the country director for Choice Humanitarian in Nepal. The organization works to improve the living situation in rural parts of Nepal.

"The Candy Bomber", Gail Halvorsen, the United States Air Force pilot best known as the "Berlin Candy Bomber" who dropped candy to children during the Berlin airlift from 1948 to 1949.

"The Missionary Mom", Dawn Armstrong, her story is chronicled from the birth of a son when she was a teenager, abandonment by his biological father, meeting her current husband - who had both her oldest son and her deceased next oldest son sealed to him when they were married in the temple, to her oldest son leaving to serve a mission.

"Meet the Mormons" was released on October 10, 2014, in the United States by Purdie Distribution and Excel Entertainment. The LDS Church donated all net proceeds from the theatrical release of film to the American Red Cross. Beginning January 2015, the LDS Church began showing the film in all of its visitors' centers and historical sites.

The theme song from the documentary was "Glorious" originally written and recorded by Stephanie Mabey. It is found in her album "Wake Up Dreaming" released on August 1, 2012.

For the film version, the song was sung by David Archuleta, a finalist in season 7 of "American Idol". The Archuleta version was released as a single in English language accompanied by a music video. An alternative Spanish version as "Glorioso" was also released again sung by Archuleta.

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 18% based on 11 reviews, with an average rating of 5.2 out of 10. On Metacritic the film has a score of 29 out of 100 based on reviews from 6 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".

The film has been criticized as propaganda. Critics felt the documentary lacked information about Mormon history, its tenets, and its controversies. Producer Jeff Roberts responded to these reviews saying, "Most reviewers wanted the movie to be controversial, but we wanted to tell stories about those who make up our base." Some reviewers praised the movie for its "slick" cinematography.

The film grossed $2,509,808 in its opening weekend, placing it outside the top 10. , it is listed 34th in revenue-producing documentary films.




</doc>
<doc id="44010725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44010725" title="Baywatch (film)">
Baywatch (film)

Baywatch is a 2017 American action comedy film based on the television series created by Michael Berk, Douglas Schwartz, and Gregory J. Bonann. The film was directed by Seth Gordon, written by Mark Swift and Damian Shannon (from a story by Jay Scherick, David Ronn, Thomas Lennon, and Robert Ben Garant), and stars Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron, Jon Bass, Alexandra Daddario, Kelly Rohrbach and Priyanka Chopra. The story follows lifeguard Mitch Buchannon and his team who must take down a drug lord in an effort to save their beach.

Principal photography began on February 22, 2016, in Florida and Savannah, Georgia. The film was released in the United States on May 25, 2017, by Paramount Pictures, grossed $177 million worldwide and received negative reviews from critics, with criticism for its crude humor, storyline, and character development, but Johnson did receive some praise. "Baywatch" received five nominations at the 38th Golden Raspberry Awards, including Worst Picture and Worst Actor for Efron.

In Emerald Bay, Florida, Lt. Mitch Buchannon and his team of lifeguards, including second-in-command Stephanie Holden and veteran C.J. Parker, protect the beaches and the bay as part of an elite division known as Baywatch. Having made over 500 rescues in his career, Mitch is beloved by the community, to the annoyance of local beat cop Garner Ellerbee and Mitch's superior, Captain Thorpe. During one of his morning patrols, Mitch finds a small pouch of flakka drug washed up near the Huntley Club, which is now under the ownership of businesswoman Victoria Leeds, who has been secretly bribing city councilman Rodriguez and others in efforts to increase her stake in the bay.

Mitch later meets Olympian Matt Brody who, thinking his Olympic position entitles him to be on the team without trying out, says that he is already on the team. He then calls Holden in, and they tease Brody. Mitch later makes Brody beat him on the "big boys'" course. When the course ends, a mom and her kids drown, resulting in the lifeguards and Brody rushing to save them, even though Brody isn't a lifeguard yet. When everything's clear, the results of the tryouts are in, and the people who made it are Ronnie Greenbaum, Summer Quinn, and Matt Brody. 

When a private yacht catches fire, Brody disobeys orders and dives directly under the flames, causing Holden and C. J. to have to save him. The occupants are evacuated, except for the deceased councilman Rodriguez. Ellerbee disapproves of Mitch's further investigative actions. Mitch and the gang attend a party held by Leeds to investigate about the flakka, but without much luck, as Brody makes a fool of himself getting drunk. Mitch, Brody, and Summer later infiltrate the hospital morgue, where they record two of Leeds' henchmen planting a falsified autopsy report to cover up the fact that Rodriguez was murdered on her orders. Unfortunately, they are discovered, and though Mitch manages to subdue and capture one of them, the recording is destroyed and Ellerbee is forced to release their suspect on a lack of evidence. Angered, Thorpe threatens to fire Mitch if he oversteps his authority again.

Convinced that Leeds is running drugs out of the Huntley, Mitch and Brody go undercover and sneak into the club kitchen, where they witness her workers retrieving the drugs from barrels of fish and processing them. They contact Ellerbee, only to learn that another dead body has been found on the beach. Thorpe, enraged that Mitch essentially deserted his post, fires him and names Brody as the new lieutenant. Brody doesn't want the job, but he is forced to take it. Mitch then takes a job as a salesman at Sprint.

Brody later sees a "sand grifter (beach thief)" steal bags using a cooler. He later intercepts the man and steals the cooler. After finding another pouch of flakka on the beach, Brody steals the second victim's report from Ellerbee using the cooler and brings it to Summer, who confirms his suspicion that the man was killed by a knife instead of a shark attack. Ronnie, upon recognizing the victim as his friend Dave, helps Brody hack into Leeds' servers, revealing her plan to privatize the entire beach by systematically buying out or eliminating every competing business owner.

The team later infiltrates a private party on Leeds' personal yacht, discovering how she's been using the hull to smuggle the drugs. Brody is captured and placed in a bait cage to be drowned, and a gloating Leeds reveals that she bribed Thorpe to fire Mitch and put Brody for the job before pushing the cage into the water. Just before Brody dies, Summer swims up to him and gives him the kiss of life. However, this turns out to be a hallucination when he regains consciousness and realizes it is actually Mitch resuscitating him. The two catch up to Leeds, while Ronnie and C. J. hack the system and launch fireworks to prevent her escape helicopter from landing. Just as they run out, a wounded Mitch, having intentionally stung himself with a sea urchin to boost his adrenaline, uses a Roman candle to blow Leeds up, saving Brody once again. Ellerbee arrives and takes Leeds' henchmen into custody, apologizing to Mitch for doubting him. Thorpe arrives and begins to berate Mitch for not understanding he's fired and returning to the beach. In response, Brody punches Thorpe in the face. Thorpe is subsequently arrested for his role in Leeds' plan.

In the aftermath, Ronnie and Brody begin relationships with C.J. and Summer respectively. Mitch, having been reinstated, no longer makes Summer, Ronnie, and Brody trainees and introduces them to their new captain, Casey Jean.



A "Baywatch" movie was first announced in 2004, although the movie became stuck in development hell over the years, with multiple writers penning drafts. In July 2015, Sean Anders was replaced by Seth Gordon as director. On October 2, 2014, Dwayne Johnson was attached to star in the lead role, and Justin Malen was set to rewrite the script. Damian Shannon and Mark Swift wrote the latest draft, and the film would be comedic in style. On August 10, 2015, Zac Efron signed on to star in the film, and Beau Flynn and Ivan Reitman joined to produce with Johnson's Seven Bucks Productions. On November 9, 2015, "Deadline" reported that seven actresses were among the short list testing for the lead female role, Alexandra Daddario, Ashley Benson, Nina Dobrev, Alexandra Shipp, Shelley Hennig, Bianca A. Santos, and Denyse Tontz. On November 18, 2015, Johnson confirmed Daddario would play Summer, a lifeguard, and the love interest of Efron's character.

On January 4, 2016, Kelly Rohrbach's casting as C. J. Parker was confirmed by Johnson's Instagram post. Damian Shannon and Mark Swift wrote the screenplay, while the final list of producers were Johnson along with his partner Dany Garcia, through their Seven Bucks Productions, as well as Flynn, Reitman, Michael Berk, Douglas Schwartz, and Gregory J. Bonann. On January 20, 2016, Johnson again posted on his Instagram about casting Ilfenesh Hadera as Johnson's love interest. On January 27, 2016, Jon Bass was cast in the film to play Ronnie, a funny, awkward, and skilled disco dancer at the beach, who falls in love with Parker. On February 12, 2016, Hannibal Buress joined the cast of the film to play a bay community local. On February 17, 2016, Priyanka Chopra signed on to star as the antagonist in the film. The role was originally written for a male. In March 2016, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II joined the cast as Ellerbee, a police officer who is constantly reminding Mitch that he has no real authority over the bay. Jack Kesy and Amin Joseph were also cast in the film. Vine (later YouTube) star Logan Paul announced that he is in the film, but his scenes were later cut. Izabel Goulart also appeared. NFL players Vernon Davis and Arian Foster also have cameo appearances in the film.

Principal photography on the film began on February 22, 2016, in Deerfield Beach, Florida, with the setting in Broward County, Florida, while the TV series was set in Malibu, California. The film was shot in Miami and Savannah, Georgia. In late March 2016, filming started in Tybee Island, Georgia. Filming wrapped on May 18, 2016.

In January 2016, Paramount Pictures scheduled "Baywatch" for a May 19, 2017 release, which was originally scheduled for a sequel to "Terminator Genisys". In December 2016, Paramount pushed the release date back one week to May 26, 2017, to avoid competition with "". In April 2017, the film was moved one day earlier, to avoid direct competition with "".

"Baywatch" grossed $58.1 million in the United States and Canada and $119.8 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $177.8 million, against a production budget of $69 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film was initially projected to gross around $40 million from 3,642 theaters over its five-day opening weekend, with the studio predicting a more conservative $30 million debut. It made $1.25 million at 2,554 theaters from Wednesday night previews, similar to fellow mid-week R-rated releases "We're the Millers" ($1.7 million) and "Let's Be Cops" ($1.2 million). However, after making $4.6 million on its opening day (including Wednesday night previews) and $5.7 million on Friday, five-day projections were lowered to $25 million. It ended up grossing $18.5 million in its opening weekend (for a five-day total of $27.7 million), finishing third at the box office, behind "" ($63 million) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" ($20.9 million). In its second weekend the film grossed $8.8 million (a drop of 52.5%), finishing 5th at the box office.

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 18% based on 234 reviews, and an average rating of 4/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Baywatch" takes its source material's jiggle factor to R-rated levels, but lacks the original's campy charm – and leaves its charming stars flailing in the shallows." On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 37 out of 100, based on 47 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it a 76% overall positive score. Dwayne Johnson responded to critics' reviews, saying that the film was made for fans and that they loved it.

Writing for "Rolling Stone", Peter Travers praised the "easy rapport" of Johnson and Efron while saying, "what [the film] needs more is a functional script". Travers rated it two out of four stars and said, "Think of yourself sitting down for a big two-hour wallow in instant stupid with a vat of popcorn, slathered in fake butter and possibly a mound of melted M&Ms on top. It feels great chugging it down, then your stomach hurts, your head aches and you puke the whole thing up so you can forget about it in the morning. That's "Baywatch" in a nutshell." Owen Gleiberman of "Variety" called it "stupidly entertaining... for a while" but was critical of the plot. Brian Truitt of "USA Today" gave the film two out of four stars, and said that while the film has all the elements you would expect "the remake yearns to be both sendup farce and straight action film, tripping along the way and failing to grasp either." Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 1.5 out of 4 stars, writing: "As was the case with "CHiPS", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Car 54, Where Are You?" and I'll just stop there, when you make films from junk TV, more often than not you're going to wind up with a junk movie."

"Baywatch" was released on Digital HD on August 15, 2017 and on Blu-ray and DVD on August 29, 2017.

In May 2017, Beau Flynn producer of the film revealed plans for a sequel where the team would be in a different environment and the film would be set overseas.



</doc>
<doc id="44013307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44013307" title="Big Driver (film)">
Big Driver (film)

Big Driver is a 2014 crime thriller TV film based on the novella of the same name by Stephen King published in his collection "Full Dark, No Stars" (2010). It was directed by Mikael Salomon from a screenplay by Richard Christian Matheson.

Tess Thorne, a successful crime-mystery writer, is invited to a library in upstate Massachusetts for a meet-and-greet with fans, but is scared of flying so drives to engagements even long distances away. After the event, Ramona, the organizer, suggests a quicker route home for Tess. However, it takes her via a remote rural location where her car runs over nail-studded planks lying across the road, puncturing her tire. It happens by an abandoned gas station and, having no signal for her cell phone, Tess hopes that someone will stop to help.

A man in a pickup stops and offers to assist. At first he seems eager to help, but soon turns nasty. He hits her, then brutally rapes and beats her, before choking her into unconsciousness. He drags her into a culvert and leaves her there. When she recovers the man is gone, and she finds three female bodies in the culvert, all victims (she assumes) of the same man.
Tess leaves to find help, but as she walks she worries that the attack will create a scandal – she will be attacked in the media for "asking for it" and blamed. She will be re-traumatized and her reputation will be destroyed. She comes across a convenience store and calls a limousine service for a ride home. She decides that she cannot tell anyone what happened.

When Tess is safely home, she decides to avenge herself. She receives a call from Betsy, a waitress at the Stagger Inn, telling her that her car has been parked there. The pair form a bond by both being victims of violence. Tess later realizes that Ramona is her attacker's mother and accomplice, who sought her out and invited her to the library, then led her into her son's trap. That night, she goes to Ramona's house with a gun to confront her. Ramona denies all knowledge and during a struggle Ramona wrestles the gun from Tess, then reveals that she helped orchestrate the attack and pulls the trigger, firing on an empty chamber. Tess grabs a kitchen knife and stabs Ramona before shooting her. She then spots an earring that she lost during the rape attack.

In the house, Tess finds clues that identify her attacker as Lester Norville, aka Big Driver. At a nearby gas station she sees his rig, and notes the address on the truck. On the way to the address she sees the rig parked, and stops. The green pickup that he drove to the attack pulls into the lot. Fired up, Tess runs to the truck and shoots the driver as he climbs out, but then realizes he is not Big Driver, but rather his brother Little Driver. She regrets the killing, but at the urging of "Doreen" (a character from one of her books who is part of the "Knitting Club" with whom Tess often communicates) she moves forward to "finish the job."

Tess drives on to the address which turns out to be Big Driver's home. Breaking in, she finds graphic photos of his victims and photos of the brothers together with each body. There are also photos of her being raped by Big Driver. Realizing that Little Driver is not innocent, she no longer feels guilt about shooting him. Hearing noises from an outbuilding, Tess enters to find Big Driver working at a bench; confronting him, she fires twice before the gun empties and she runs outside. He painfully follows her but she hits him on the head with a nailed plank like the one that caused the flat tire. As he is trying to escape, she calmly reloads and shoots him in the groin and watches him die. Doreen appears again and urges her to leave quickly.

An anonymous tip leads police to the bodies in the culvert, and to Big Driver's house with the incriminating photos. At home shortly afterwards, Tess receives an anonymous call from a woman she realizes is Betsy, who says, "I know what you've done. Way to go, girl!"


Filming took place in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

The film aired on Lifetime on October 18, 2014. The DVD was released January 27, 2015.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 50% of ten surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 6/10. Metacritic rated it 56/100 based on six reviews. Brian Lowry of "Variety" called it "tired exploitation nonsense". Alessandra Stanley of "The New York Times" wrote that the humorous tone makes the film disturbing in the wrong way. Mary McNamara of the "Los Angeles Times" called it "a disturbingly retro and sadistically sensationalized take on the subject". Lori Rackl of the "Chicago Sun-Times" rated it 2/4 stars and wrote that the film starts well before "devolving into a rape revenge fantasy whose potency is diluted by silly gimmicks". Diane Werts of "Newsday" rated it B and wrote that it has a "solid star turn, eerie production values, even a killer ending". Matthew Gilbert of "The Boston Globe" wrote that it "becomes a unswerving revenge tale that's awkwardly cut with whimsical humor and reverberates with echoes of pointlessness". Pat Torfe of Bloody Disgusting rated it 3.5/5 stars and wrote, "While "Big Driver" doesn't reinvent the wheel when it comes to films of this nature, the strength of the script and the quality of the acting really make the film stand out." Ted Hentschke of Dread Central rated it 3.5/5 stars and wrote that enjoyment of the film depends on sympathy with its theme of empowerment.



</doc>
<doc id="44016797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44016797" title="Rosies of the North">
Rosies of the North

Rosies of the North (French-language title: Riveuses du nord) is a 46-minute Canadian documentary film made in 1999 by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) and directed by Kelly Saxberg. The film recounts the story of the women at the Canadian Car and Foundry in Fort William, Ontario, who built fighter and bomber aircraft needed for the war effort in the Second World War. It also is the story of female engineer Elsie MacGill, who became known as the "Queen of the Hurricanes". The title of the film is an allusion to the wartime iconic image of Rosie the Riveter.

In 1939, Canada joined the worldwide war effort with factories turning out war machines. At the Canadian Car and Foundry (nicknamed "Can-Car") in Fort William, Ontario, a large workforce was recruited to build the Hawker Hurricane fighter aircraft, including a preponderance of women. Many of them were young, and came from as far away as the Prairies.

Of the 7,000 workers at Can-Car, 3,000 were women on the shop floor; initially, they were not treated with respect. Men typically were the "lead-hands", more experienced workers who would train, at least at first, the new women trainees. It was soon evident that women reacted much more favourably to other women as their mentors and instructors.

For a while, the animosity between the men and women was palpable. One "old hand" who showed his dislike by refusing to let women sign out before him, ensured the first seats on the buses leaving the factory were then occupied by the men. They steadfastly refused to give up their seats, leaving the women "hanging on by the straps". The obstinate fellow came on board after women welded his lunchbox to a piece of steel.

Eventually, the factory assigned female "matrons" to look after the women, acting as nurses, nannies and "cops". The factory called them "intelligent, likeable, friendly women," while the women knew that the matrons were there to "keep them in line," and not "tempt the men". Women still made less than the men whom they had often trained, and married women were summarily dismissed, but some of them kept their marriages secret and worked anyway.

The one woman "boss" at the factory was Elsie MacGill, who was first in charge of the production of fighter aircraft, and heralded in the press as the "Queen of the Hurricanes". By the time the production line shut down in 1943, Can-Car had produced over 1,400 Hurricanes. Just as the factory was re-tooling for production of Curtiss SB2C Helldiver torpedo and dive bomber aircraft for the United States Navy, MacGill and the works manager, E. J. (Bill) Soulsby, were dismissed. It was later revealed they were having an affair (and subsequently married).

The women on the shop floor continued on until the end of the war, when most of them relinquished their jobs as the men came home. At the refurbished Can-Car plant, now building rolling stock and buses, 60 years later, the women came back to the factory to remember when they "had the greatest experience of their lives". For the reunion, a highlight was the arrival of a restored Curtiss Helldiver which did a flypast with one of the original women factory workers, Margaret Cook (née Nixon) on board.

Director Kelly Saxberg was able to access archival footage from the NFB wartime archives that showed not only the production effort of aviation companies, but also newsreels such as "Night Shift" (1942) and "To The Ladies" (1946) that dealt with the issues of women and men in the workforce. With the return of men from the war, women came under intense pressure to return to running households. "Rosies of the North" also had the benefit of gathering first-hand interviews at a reunion of Can-Car workers that coincided with the "Thunder in the Air Air Show" held on August 29, 1998, at Thunder Bay, Ontario.

"Rosies of the North" quickly found favour with viewers and has been broadcast on at least eight networks in North America. Librarian Joan Payzant, in her review for "CM" magazine, observed, "Highly recommended viewing, illustrating an important side of life in Canada during the Second World War." She also indicated that seniors "... will appreciate the nostalgia in the film."

In a detailed analysis of "Rosies of the North", Professor David Frank, noted: "The film treatment cuts back and forth between present and past as the women review the evidence of their experience and share personal observations. As such it seems very much an exercise in a visual form of oral history." He agreed that the film left it up to the viewer to decide whether the gains made in the industrial workplace were fleeting. One of the most poignant still photographs shown in the film is a postwar image, as the camera closes up on a sign that the formerly employed female workers hold up. It says: "We want work".




</doc>
<doc id="44017080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44017080" title="3 Day Test">
3 Day Test

3 Day Test is a 2012 American comedy film directed and written by Corbin Bernsen and starring George Newbern, Megyn Price, and Bernsen. The film was released on November 6, 2012. The film was retitled in several overseas territories as "Home & Alone For Christmas".

Family father Martin Taylor is out of touch with the members of his family. To better reconnect with them, he comes up with a plan that includes no use of technology, no electricity, and cut off from the outside. Not the winter vacation they were expecting, now the Taylors have to work together to show Dad they can endure his "3 Day Test".


"3 Day Test" was shot in Akron, Ohio.


</doc>
<doc id="44018303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44018303" title="Little Things (film)">
Little Things (film)

Little Things is a 2014 drama short film directed by Rati Tsiteladze and written by Nino Varsimashvili.

After the marriage Sophie realizes that once loving relationship with her husband, suddenly turns distant and decides to take action.



The film gained national and international recognition.




</doc>
<doc id="44018416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44018416" title="Train Busters">
Train Busters

Train Busters (aka R.C.A.F. Train-Busters; its alternate French language version was known as La guerre des airs) is a 13-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film, directed by Sydney Newman. The film was made by the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) Overseas Film Unit and the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the NFB's "Canada Carries On" series. "Train Busters" depicts the Allied night bombing campaign over occupied Europe that was complemented by close air support missions flown by the RCAF targeting enemy trains.
In 1943, the RCAF strength and equipment consists of 32 overseas squadrons based in England. Two fundamental missions were essential to the Allied air strategy: night bombing and interdiction. While bombers struck at the heart of occupied Europe, the German war machine reacted by sending out supplies to their far-flung European bases by rail. The RCAF disrupted the "nerve centres" by attacking the rail system. These specialized ground attack fighters were extremely successful, with fighter-bombers destroying munition trains.

Typical of the NFB's wartime series of documentary short films, "Train Busters" relied heavily on military assistance in obtaining stock footage. The film incorporated footage shot over a period of time from 1939–1943. While the aerial sequences were limited to available footage, some of the aerial scenes were shot in Canada and carefully edited with other footage obtained from the British Ministry of Information as well as other sources, including pre-war German films.

The RCAF aircraft in "Train Busters" encompassed most of the types used in Bomber and Fighter Commands, by the RCAF in 1943, including:

As part of the NFB's newsreel programs, "Train Busters" was produced for both the military and the theatrical market. As "R.C.A.F. Train-Busters", the film was issued to military bases on May 25, 1943, as Newsreel of the Week: Issue No. 8, part of the Canadian Army newsreel series.

Each film in NFB's "Canada Carries On" series was shown over a six-month period as part of the shorts or newsreel segments in approximately 800 theatres across Canada. The NFB had an arrangement with Famous Players theatres to ensure that Canadians from coast to coast could see them, with further distribution by Columbia Pictures.

After the six-month theatrical tour ended, individual films were made available on 16 mm to schools, libraries, churches and factories, extending the life of these films for another year or two. They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. Although available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD, "Train Busters" is now largely forgotten.

Historian Malek Khouri analyzed the role of the NFB wartime documentaries, with "Train Busters" characterized as an example of a propaganda film. "During the early years of the NFB, its creative output was largely informed by the turbulent political and social climate the world was facing. World War II, Communism, unemployment, the role of labour unions, and working conditions were all subjects featured by the NFB during the period from 1939 to 1946". In "Filming Politics", Khouri described a "new-found fascination" with technological advances in winning the war, especially through the use of air power.



</doc>
<doc id="44019233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44019233" title="Ang Huling Henya">
Ang Huling Henya

Ang Huling Henya is a 2013 Filipino action-horror comedy film directed by Marlon Rivera starring Rufa Mae Quinto. The film, produced by Viva Films and Multivision Pictures and distributed by Viva Films officially premiered in the Philippines on August 21, 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="44019559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44019559" title="Red River Ode">
Red River Ode

Red River Ode is a 2013 American short film written and directed by Corey Hammett and J. Colby Doler. It tells the story of a lone prisoner who has escaped from a chain gang in Northwest Louisiana in 1918. It stars Ashton Ron-Gabriel.

After being created for the 2013 Louisiana Film Prize, the film received critical praise and placed 4th overall in the festival, winning a $3k grant to invite the filmmakers back to the area for the 2014 contest. It premiered at the festival on October 5. The film was praised for its cinematography and striking use of music.

In 2014 it was part of the Official Selection for the Viewster Online Film Festival III. Out of over 500 entries, "Red River Ode" placed 42nd with a 'Hotscore' of 91%.

In 1918 a black chain gang prisoner is running through an open field, presumably after escaping his confinement. When nightfall arrives he builds a fire and, using his sickle, he burns off his tattooed prison number, 48073. After taking refuge in a forest, he builds himself a small hut out of brush and branches to wait until he feels it's safe to leave. Soon thereafter he begins to hear noises that are uncommon with his natural surroundings, but ignores it.

After some time of waiting in the woods he sings to himself an old chain gang song:

"Oh lord, I wonder if I'm ever gon' make it back home."
"Oh lord, it must have been the Devil that pulled me here."
"More down than out."

"Oh lord, I'm gon' be back home."
"Comin' back home one day 'for long."
"Away from here."

"If I woulda listened to my dear old mother,"
"but she's dead and gon'."
"Oh lord, if I ever make it back home"
"I'll never do wrong no more."

Later, after failing at hunting wild animals, the prisoner is drinking nearby spring water out of a can he had kept with him from prison. He looks into the can to see it covered in blood, causing him to vomit and throw the can to the ground. After he coughs and vomits, he notices the can is no longer covered in blood and cannot find traces of any in the area. He immediately returns to his hut to find that it has been destroyed by a tree which had fallen over it. He then starts work on repairing it, only to faintly hear the words "Oh lord" in his voice sing back to him through the wind.

The following night he is awoken by strange and loud noises as well as the barking of beagles. He hears I'm Always Chasing Rainbows by Charles W. Harrison in the distance that increases in volume as time passes. He runs away, but can't see where he is due to the darkness and eventually hides behind a tree and falls asleep after the noise settles.

Waking up the next day, the prisoner searches the woods for evidence of dogs or whatever he can find to settle his confusion about the preceding night. After searching for a while, he hears clicks and breaking twigs in multiple directions accompanied by faint mocking voices and whispers. In his frustration, he punches a nearby tree and cries out in pain. The barking of beagles slowly rises and rises, only to fall silent immediately when the prisoner looks up to see what he heard.

That night he stays awake by his fire, sickle in hand. After hours of silence he finally hears the song that played the night before. He decides to run out of the woods and escape the forest. He runs for hours until the sun comes up, never once finding a way out of the forest. As he grows tired and weary and subsequently more lost and confused, he comes upon a figure, a vagabond, in the woods hanging dead from a tree. The words "You can't have me" are written in blood across the vagabonds shirt. The prisoner is in shock as his surroundings shift and he is now in a different part of the woods and the hanging body is gone. The wind blows and he hears his voice singing through the trees:

"Oh lord, I ain't ever gon' make it back home."

He looks off into the distance in shock.


J. Colby Doler heard about the Louisiana Film Prize on Facebook after he had been struggling as an independent filmmaker in his spare time. After speaking to Corey Hammett, a former coworker of his, they decided to enter the contest with little to no money. They came in contact with Trevor Norred, a childhood friend of Corey's, who offered to fund the film with just $1,000. With 4 weeks left until the deadline for the contest, the three worked every day to write and develop the story for Red River Ode.

Trevor Norred found their actor, Ashton Ron-Gabriel via his sister, Tauhney Norred, and her connections at Auburn University in Alabama. The group convinced him to make the 9-hour drive with them to Shreveport, Louisiana and make the film while only receiving a hotel and meals for the job. They purchased a cheap, generic prisoner costume from Party City to use for the film, but to give it the aged and realistic look, they rubbed it in dirt and boiled it in sweet tea. Lastly, they searched for land in the Shreveport / Bossier area on Craigslist for the setting of the film and received a response from a man by the name of Andrew Lewis. He had 605 acres of land in Doyline, Louisiana and allowed the 4 to stay at his hunting lodge on the property for part of the duration of the shoot as long as he could have a part in the film.

Principal photography began in June 2013 and lasted only 4 days. The entire film was made using natural lighting and shot on a Nikon D3100. After a day of filming, director Corey Hammett was bit by an unknown spider and had to be sent to the hospital for treatment. He was released in less than an hour and filming resumed. The entire shoot was plagued with issues from faulty equipment, depleted funds and multiple injuries. Despite these problems, the crew of 3 and it's actor finished on time, but over budget by $200.

"Red River Ode" premiered at the 2013 Louisiana Film Prize as one of its 20 Official Selections. After the festival it was released on YouTube and Viewster, the latter as part of its Online Film Festival III.

"Red River Ode" was a popular short at the Louisiana Film Prize, praised for its cinematography and use of music to complement its unsettling tone. Online news blog Henry Harbor enjoyed the film, saying "A haunting period piece, Red River Ode, gave us some of the most beautiful cinematography of the night... It was Red River Ode that we spent the intermission discussing."



</doc>
<doc id="44020311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44020311" title="When Angels Come to Town">
When Angels Come to Town

When Angels Come to Town is a 2004 television film directed by Andy Wolk and starring Tammy Blanchard, Peter Falk, and Katey Sagal. It first aired on CBS. The film is a second sequel to the 2001 television film "A Town Without Christmas".

The angel Max (Peter Falk) is sent to Maine to help out a family during the Christmas season. Max goes to a Christmas store and leaves behind a box. The attending counter girl, Sally (Tammy Blanchard) goes after him but Max has disappeared. Sally is a kindhearted young woman who is trying to gain custody of her younger brother Jimmy (Alexander Conti) so he doesn't go into the foster system. Because Max has diverted from his mission of delivering the box to its rightful owner by inadvertently helping the wrong family, his supervisor Jo (Katey Sagal) arrives to chastise him and guide him to the Hoffman family where father and son are almost estranged due to their disagreement in how to run their family owned Christmas ornament business.




</doc>
<doc id="44023528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44023528" title="Deep Red (1994 film)">
Deep Red (1994 film)

Deep Red is a 1994 sci-fi thriller television movie from RHI Entertainment starring Michael Biehn and Lindsey Haun. It was directed by Craig R. Baxley and written by D. Brent Mote.


"Deep Red" was first broadcast on March 12, 1994, followed by its video release on June 29, 1994.


</doc>
<doc id="44023828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44023828" title="Wings on Her Shoulder">
Wings on Her Shoulder

Wings on Her Shoulder is a 10-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film, made by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) as part of the NFB's "The World in Action" series. The film, directed by Jane Marsh, depicts the role of the Woman's Division in the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) during the Second World War, who freed up men for flying duties. 

As the Second World War continues, the Canadian contribution to the Allied bombing campaign over occupied Europe requires more aviators. The government responds by creating the Royal Canadian Air Force Women's Division in 1941. By 1943, 9,000 recruits, women from all backgrounds, are taking over a wide range of jobs.

Women in the RCAF, or WDs as they were called, were clerks, drivers, photographers, air photo interpreters, weather observers, instrument mechanics, parachute riggers as well as many administrative and technical positions in the RCAF. While most WDs were located at British Commonwealth Air Training Plan stations across Canada, many others served overseas with RCAF Overseas Headquarters and No. 6 (Bomber) Group in England. The skills they learned would also serve the women well as they would eventually enter a postwar world. 

Typical of the NFB's wartime series of documentary short films, "Wings on Her Shoulder" relied heavily on military assistance in obtaining footage. The film incorporated stock footage shot over a period of time from 1941–1943. While the aerial sequences were limited to available footage, some of the aerial scenes were shot in Canada and carefully edited with other footage obtained from the British Ministry of Information.

The RCAF aircraft in "Wings on her Shoulder" encompassed many of the types used in Bomber and Fighter Commands, by the RCAF in 1943, including:

As part of the NFB's "The World in Action" newsreel series, "Wings on Her Shoulder" was produced for both the military and the theatrical market. Each film was shown over a six-month period as part of the shorts or newsreel segments in approximately 800 theatres across Canada. The NFB also had an arrangement with United Artists to ensure that newsreels would get a wider release in North America.

After the six-month theatrical tour ended, individual films were made available on 16 mm, to schools, libraries, churches and factories, extending the life of these films for another year or two. They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. Available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD, "Wings on her Shoulder" is one of the few wartime NFB films that explored the role of women at war.

Historian Malek Khouri analyzed the role of the NFB wartime documentaries with "Wings on her Shoulder" characterized as an example of a propaganda film. "During the early years of the NFB, its creative output was largely informed by the turbulent political and social climate the world was facing. World War II, Communism, unemployment, the role of labour unions, and working conditions were all subjects featured by the NFB during the period from 1939 to 1946".

The "destabilizing" role of women depicted in "Wings on Her Shoulder" also showed an acceptance of a new role to come in postwar years. In an examination of the role of the NFB in wartime, historian George Evans observed: "If contemporary feminists sense omissions and patronizing in the film, one must at least acknowledge that ["Wings on her Shoulder"] expressed a positive attitude to working women and was conditioning audiences to become accustomed to new and permanent women's roles in the workplace."



</doc>
<doc id="44024779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44024779" title="The Iron Trail">
The Iron Trail

The Iron Trail is a 1921 American silent adventure film directed by Roy William Neill and written by Dorothy Farnum. The film stars Wyndham Standing, Thurston Hall, Reginald Denny, Alma Tell, and Harlan Knight. The film was released on October 30, 1921, by United Artists.

This film is preserved at the Gosfilmofond archive in Moscow.

The plot details the competing efforts to build railways into interior Alaska in the early part of the 20th century.




</doc>
<doc id="44025768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44025768" title="The Ruling Passion (film)">
The Ruling Passion (film)

The Ruling Passion is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by F. Harmon Weight and written by Forrest Halsey based upon a short story by Earl Derr Biggers. The film stars George Arliss, Doris Kenyon, Edmund Burns, Ida Darling, J. W. Johnston, and Ernest Hilliard. The film was released on January 22, 1922, by United Artists. A print of "The Ruling Passion" survives at Gosfilmofond in Moscow.

As described in a film magazine, James Alden (Arliss), a kind-hearted philanthropist, is persuaded to retire from the automobile manufacturing business by his wife (Darling) and daughter Angie (Kenyon), and he accepts the advise of his physician Dr. Stillings (Darley) and goes to live quietly at his Long Island home. Being active and healthy, however, he is not contented, and secretly buys an interest in a automobile repair garage with Bill Merrick (Burns), a young man just back from overseas. James assumes the name John Grant for this, and complications arise when Angie meets Bill, who does not know that his partner is her father. The man they purchased the garage from threatens to force them out of business. Bill, feeling sorry for his partner who "has a wife and daughter depending on him," decides to apply to James Alden for help, because his partner John Grant stated he worked for him for years. James refuses the request for aid, however, and Angie tenders her own check to Bill. Finally, when Bill goes to ask for Angie's hand in marriage, James has to confess to the astonished young man that he is also his partner. James has won back his health and a new son-in-law.




</doc>
<doc id="44025894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44025894" title="A Tailor-Made Man (1922 film)">
A Tailor-Made Man (1922 film)

A Tailor-Made Man is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by Albert Ray. The film stars Charles Ray, Tom Ricketts, Ethel Grandin, Victor Potel, Stanton Heck, Edythe Chapman, and Irene. The film was released on August 5, 1922, by United Artists. It is not known whether the film currently survives.



</doc>
<doc id="44027004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44027004" title="The Man Who Played God (1922 film)">
The Man Who Played God (1922 film)

The Man Who Played God is a 1922 American silent drama film directed by F. Harmon Weight and written by Forrest Halsey. The film stars George Arliss, Ann Forrest, Ivan Simpson, Edward Earle, and Effie Shannon. The film was released on October 1, 1922, by United Artists. Considered to be a lost film for decades, a print of "The Man Who Played God" was found at Gosfilmofond in Moscow.

A famous pianist (Montgomery Royle) is engaged to a quite younger woman. An accidental explosion results in him becoming deaf but he learns to read lips quite quickly. He decides to use that skill to help random people around him. However, he sees his fiancee in a park with a different man. Montgomery is heartbroken, but after she confesses the truth to him, he helps her to be secure with the new man.



</doc>
<doc id="44027047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44027047" title="The Girl I Loved">
The Girl I Loved

The Girl I Loved is a 1923 American drama silent film directed by Joe De Grasse and written by Albert Ray. The film stars Charles Ray, Patsy Ruth Miller, Ramsey Wallace, Edythe Chapman and William Courtright. The film was released on February 15, 1923, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44029491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44029491" title="Freeheld">
Freeheld

Freeheld is a 2015 American drama film directed by Peter Sollett and written by Ron Nyswaner. The film stars Julianne Moore, Ellen Page, Steve Carell, Luke Grimes, and Michael Shannon. It is based on the 2007 documentary short film of the same name about police officer Laurel Hester's fight against the Ocean County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders to allow her pension benefits to be transferred to her domestic partner after being diagnosed with terminal cancer.

The film is based on the true story of Laurel Hester (Moore), a police officer in Ocean County, New Jersey. The story narrates the difficulties faced by a lesbian police detective and her domestic partner, Stacie Andree (Page). Following her diagnosis with terminal lung cancer in 2005, Hester repeatedly appealed to the county's board of chosen freeholders to have her pension benefits passed on to her domestic partner; she was eventually successful.


Screenwriter Ron Nyswaner announced his intention in 2010 to write a feature-length adaptation of Cynthia Wade's 2007 Oscar-winning short film "Freeheld", a documentary about New Jersey police officer Laurel Hester's fight against the Ocean County, New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders to pass on her pension benefits to her domestic partner, Stacie Andree, after being diagnosed with terminal cancer. At that time, Ellen Page had already agreed to star as Andree; she stated in 2014 that she had been involved in the project's development for almost six years. She first became involved after two of the film's producers, Stacey Sher and Michael Shamberg, sent her a copy of Wade's documentary and asked if she was interested in starring in an adaptation, an offer which she accepted "right away". Catherine Hardwicke was attached to the project as director early in its development but later withdrew. Shortly after the film's financing was secured in August 2012, Peter Sollett signed on to replace Hardwicke as director. Julianne Moore was cast as Hester in February 2014. Zach Galifianakis was cast as Steven Goldstein, the founder and then-Chair of Garden State Equality, but was later replaced by Steve Carell. Andree consulted with Page, Sollett and Nyswaner about the making of the film.

Although the film is set in New Jersey, it was filmed in New York due to its more generous tax incentives for filmmakers. Filming began in October 2014 in Queens. In late October, a scene that was supposed to be filmed at Salesian High School, a Catholic boys' school in New Rochelle, New York, had to be relocated after the school's principal reversed his decision to allow the crew to film on the school campus. The shoot was later relocated to the city hall of Rye, New York, which stood in for the Ocean County Administration Building in a scene where Hester and Andree apply for domestic partnership. Another scene, in which Hester lies ill in a hospital room, was filmed in the community center of Greenburgh, New York, while the town board room of North Hempstead, New York stood in for the Ocean County Board of Freeholders' chambers.

The soundtrack have been composed by Hans Zimmer & Johnny Marr. It is now released at WaterTower Music & iTunes and includes the following tracks.

In February 2015, Lionsgate acquired distribution rights to the film. It received a limited release on October 2, 2015.

"Freeheld" received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports a 48% rating based on 132 reviews, with an average rating of 5.6/10. The consensus states: ""Freeheld" certainly means well, but its cardboard characters and by-the-numbers drama undermine its noble intentions." On Metacritic, the film has a 50 out of 100 rating based on 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

The film was listed by Autostraddle in 7th place of the best 102 lesbian films ever.



</doc>
<doc id="44030640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44030640" title="Waking Up the Town">
Waking Up the Town

Waking Up the Town is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by James Cruze and written by Frank Condon and James Cruze. The film stars Jack Pickford, Claire McDowell, Alec B. Francis, Norma Shearer and Herbert Prior. The film was released on April 14, 1925, by United Artists.

The film is preserved in the Library of Congress Collection.




</doc>
<doc id="44030773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44030773" title="Wild Justice (1925 film)">
Wild Justice (1925 film)

Wild Justice is a 1925 American adventure silent film directed by Chester Franklin and written by C. Gardner Sullivan. The film stars Peter the Great, George Sherwood, Frank Hagney and Frances Teague. The film was released on July 6, 1925, by United Artists.





</doc>
<doc id="44030978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44030978" title="The Unknown Soldier (1926 film)">
The Unknown Soldier (1926 film)

The Unknown Soldier is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Renaud Hoffman, written by Richard Schayer and James J. Tynan, and starring Charles Emmett Mack, Marguerite De La Motte, Henry B. Walthall, Claire McDowell, and George Cooper. It was released on May 30, 1926, by Producers Distributing Corporation.





</doc>
<doc id="44031285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44031285" title="Topsy and Eva">
Topsy and Eva

Topsy and Eva is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by Del Lord and written by Catherine Chisholm Cushing, Scott Darling, Dudley Early and Lois Weber. D. W. Griffith also directed additional scenes. The film stars Rosetta Duncan, Vivian Duncan, Gibson Gowland, Noble Johnson and Marjorie Daw. The film was released on July 24, 1927, by United Artists.

Topsy, a little black imp, is offered for sale by Simon Legree at an auction on the Shelby estate. When no one bids, Eva St. Claire gets her for a nickel; Topsy, Uncle Tom and other slaves are then turned over to Aunt Ophelia for correction and cleaning. When St. Claire is unable to pay his debt to Legree, the latter reclaims his property, but Topsy escapes while Legree and Shelby engage in a furious battle. Struggling against great drifts of snow, she finds a pair of skis and later a horse equipped with snowshoes; she reaches the river before Legree and his dogs and finds a graveyard where runaway slaves have sought refuge. Later, learning that Eva is gravely ill, Topsy prays for her recovery. Eva revives, and the two friends are happily reunited.



</doc>
<doc id="44031959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44031959" title="Dawn of the Dragon Racers">
Dawn of the Dragon Racers

Dawn of the Dragon Racers is a 2014 computer-animated short film by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Elaine Bogan and John Sanford. Based on the "How to Train Your Dragon" film series, the short features the voices of Jay Baruchel and America Ferrera along with the cast from the television series. In the short, a hunt for a lost sheep turns into a competition between Hiccup and his friends for the first title of Dragon Racing Champion of Berk.

The short film opens up about three years before the events of the sequel and after the events of the second season, where Hiccup and Snotlout compete and practice catching sheep for the annual Dragon Race, the new and official dragon sport event on Berk. Afterwards, Tuffnut has just finished his new creepy-looking face paint which shocks Astrid, Hiccup and Toothless. Tuffnut says that at least his doesn't look like a target, mocking the new pattern Fishlegs has applied; Fishlegs explains that it's actually the Ingerman family crest.

Snotlout arrives cheering that his new Sheep Launcher finally worked, which Astrid points out that it took him thirty-two tries to get it right. It then cuts to a sequence of sheep launches, which makes it seem that the sheep, wearing a helmet that Snotlout put on it, is invulnerable to pain as it lands on several different locations. Snotlout decides that the sheep launcher is ready for the Dragon Race. Astrid complains and asks since when did he get to make such a decision; Snotlout states it's because he created the sport. Hiccup and Astrid quickly deny that claim, saying that's not how they remember it. Astrid tries to recall the events of how and who invented Dragon Racing.

It cuts to a flashback, shortly after the events of the second season where the Riders are still in their early teens. Berk is getting ready for the traditional annual boat race called the Regatta which starts in a few days, when suddenly a herd of sheep run throughout the village, causing minor trouble. Hiccup asks Gobber what's happening, and Gobber explains that after Silent (now dubbed Not So Silent) Sven broke his silence, his sheep ran out of their pens because they're afraid of his new voice. Stoick and Gobber struggle to gather the sheep, so Stoick orders Hiccup and the gang to round up the sheep as he gets ready for the Regatta; if he has to hear Sven scream any more, he'll put a hook through his own head just to end the torture.

While in the process of catching the sheep, the Riders end up turning it in to an impromptu competition against each other in getting as many sheep as possible; they all arrive back at the pen and discover they all got three sheep each. Astrid points out that there is no winner in this 'competition'. Sven then cries out, alarmed that his prized black sheep is still missing and hoping that it didn't fall down the well again. At the mention of this, the Riders declare the black sheep as a tiebreaker. Hiccup states that it isn't a competition, but it falls on deaf ears: with the exception of Fishlegs, the others have already taken off. Moments later, Snotlout and Hiccup both spot the sheep, and they race towards it head on. Just as Hiccup is about to grab the sheep in his clutches, Gobber blocks his path and they collide, allowing Snotlout to claim the black sheep. Hiccup asks Gobber what's so urgent, and as he tries to remember Stoick calls Hiccup to come meet him, which was what Gobber was about to inform Hiccup about.

Stoick is preparing to set sail down at the docks, and informs Hiccup that he will be gone for several days to get wood from Loki Island: the lumber is lighter and stronger than any other wood they know of, and building their Regatta ship with it will be their secret weapon. He appoints Hiccup to oversee the preparations for the Regatta in his place, which Hiccup isn't excited to hear about due to the fact that he sees boats slowly moving across the harbor to be 'boring'. Stoick justifies that the Regatta is tradition and claims that it is a good way to 'blow off steam'; if Vikings aren't fighting against any enemies they need to fight against each other in competition, illustrated by two Vikings on the next dock over whacking each other with fish. Just as Stoick leaves, Fishlegs creeps in on Hiccup, saying that he is happy for Hiccup, as he considers being in charge of the Regatta as an honor. Fishlegs then helps Meatlug board a ship covered in a big cloth, which is hiding what he is working on. Fishlegs considers himself to be a sailor at heart and is excited that he is now finally old enough to compete; he and Meatlug will be working on their ship until the Regatta.

Meanwhile, at the Academy, Tuffnut is plotting out some rules for the Riders' sheep competition, but is interrupted as Hiccup arrives reluctantly prohibiting them to carry on with their plan as he has Stoick's strict orders to prepare for the Regatta. The next day, Hiccup discovers that the Riders' have disobeyed his order and have carried on the sheep catching. Down below, the villagers are enjoying the Riders' sheep catching competition and say that it is much better than the Regatta. Later, the villagers gather at the Great Hall, growing restless for entertainment and they want to see the Dragon Race again. Hiccup has Toothless quiet down the crowd, then tries to regain their enthusiasm for the Regatta but is unsuccessful.

Inspired by the twins, the crowd wants another Dragon Race. Astrid then says to Hiccup that Stoick isn't going to be back for a few days and points out that the Dragon Race is also great way to blow off steam. Seeing no other option, Hiccup agrees to have one Dragon Race. As Hiccup points out the starting location of the race, Snotlout and the Twins suggest they should have teams. Snotlout says the teams are already decided, with Snotlout and the twins on one team and Astrid, Hiccup and Fishlegs on the other. The twins then mention their team name, 'Snotnuts'. Hiccup and Astrid then go to get Fishlegs, but after mocking the name 'Snotnuts' he declines joining the race as he and First Mate Meatlug are still too busy getting ready for the Regatta, refusing to back down on his family tradition.

The race starts as Gothi drops the flag signalling the start of the race. They all immediately set off, and a Viking signals Sven to release the sheep. Early in the race, Hiccup manages to get one sheep but the Twins manage to get two. Meanwhile, Astrid and Snotlout both spot one sheep and race head on to get it first, and both of them are relentless to turn around only until Snotlout backs off, fearing collision, allowing Astrid to get the sheep. Late in the race the scores are tallied and the teams are all tied up. As soon as that is stated by Mulch, the Riders head of to get the black sheep as it is the tiebreaker. Both Hiccup and the Twins fail to capture the sheep, and shortly after Astrid and Snotlout spot the black sheep creating another head on race. Just as the two Riders are seconds away from the black sheep, it faints, unexpectedly becoming a static target.

Shortly thereafter, Astrid and Snotlout collide as neither of them backed out, and this causes Astrid's arm to be injured. Snotlout flies off to go get Gothi, but he is still thinking about the game and he grabs the black sheep. Snotlout then runs into a branch and is knocked off Hookfang; the sheep safely lands on top of him. Sometime later at the Great Hall, the uneventful Dragon Race causes the villagers to demand another Dragon Race, but Hiccup tells the villagers the deal was only one Dragon Race and then on to the Regatta. The villagers however are unsatisfied with that and continue to shout for another Dragon Race. Suddenly Snotlout announces that Hiccup is right, but mocks him by saying that it's not like he will beat team Snotnuts anyway.

Astrid wants to back up Hiccup, but she is still injured and cannot take the risk. Snotlout points out that there's no rematch anyway as Hiccup has no teammate, but Hiccup is still determined to continue the Race, so he once again asks Fishlegs to join his team. At first Fishlegs refuses as he is putting the finishing touches on his ship. After he unveils the small ship with a flourish, Toothless can't help but laugh at the decorations. Fishlegs slowly sails out to sea with Meatlug, but Meatlug quickly begins to feel sea sick and vomits lava, causing the ship to immediately sink. Fishlegs quickly changes his mind about accepting the offer.

They both head off to the Academy where the competition is about to start. Just as the flag is about to be dropped, Stoick is suddenly heard screaming Hiccup's name: he has returned earlier than expected. Stoick appears to be in shock to see that this is not the Regatta he'd expected. Hiccup explains that he sometimes has to make difficult choices for the good of the people, and one of those difficult choices is replacing the traditional Regatta event with Dragon Racing. Stoick asks if he did this all by himself, and Hiccup, seeing the other riders awkwardly looking away, has no choice but to agree. Instead of punishing Hiccup for contradicting his order, Stoick allows him to proceed with the event but only if they do it right. Both teams put on face paint, with green paint for team Snotnuts, and red paint for team 'Hicclegs' (which Fishlegs came up with). Stoick explains that it gives the competitors and the game a warrior's feel to it.

Stoick announces to the crowd around the academy the start of the first annual Berk Dragon Race and explains that each white sheep is worth one point, while the Black Sheep is worth five. To make sure no cheating happens (looking particularly at the twins), Stoick appoints Astrid as the referee. Stoick then proclaims that the team who wins the race will have their portrait hung in the Great Hall, and a feast thrown in their honor. Gothi drops the flag and the race is started.

Snotlout quickly manages to grab one sheep, while Hiccup grabs one as well, and the Twins grab two and boast about it to Hiccup. But Fishlegs arrives bringing two sheep. Both teams drop off their sheep at the Academy. Hiccup spots a sheep placed on a raft out on the water, but Snotlout arrives to grab it. Hiccup quickly sets Toothless' tail to boost their speed and is able to snatch the sheep before Snotlout does. Meanwhile, the twins attempt to cheat by stealing sheep that are not Silent Sven's to quickly double their points, but Astrid arrives before they can grab any. Tuffnut protests that "not cheating is not trying"; Astrid has Stormfly drive them off.

Meanwhile, Fishlegs and Hiccup spot a sheep on a mountain and Fishlegs attempts to grab it, but it jumps down causing it to slide down the side. It falls into a crevasse, but luckily Hiccup and Toothless were already there to rescue it. When it is proclaimed by Astrid that the teams are all tied up, Stoick announces that whoever finds the black sheep wins. The Twins quietly talk to each other about putting their 'Super Secret Plan' into action. Fishlegs then has an idea where the black sheep might be, recalling what Sven said earlier about the black sheep always falling into the well. Fishlegs volunteers to go down the well and look for it, while Hiccup waits overhead. The Twins then fly by with the black sheep which shocks Hiccup.

This causes team Snotnuts to win the race, and Snotlout cheers excitedly over his teams' victory. Although disappointed, Hiccup applauds with the crowd. Hiccup congratulates Snotlout, who gloats about it and mocks Hiccup. But just as they are about to take their victory, Fishlegs arrives with the real black sheep, confusing everybody. Sven tells Stoick that there is only one black sheep and Team Snotnuts claims that they have it. Tuffnut then nuzzles the sheep's side with his face and reveals that they had cheated, by painting a regular sheep with black paint. A reversal is announced by Astrid, swapping the victory from Team Snotnuts to Team Hiclegs, making them the first official champions in Dragon Racing. The event closes when Toothless shoots three plasma blasts overhead, dazzling the crowd. Then Stoick finally relieves Hiccup from being the 'acting chief' and Hiccup quickly sets off before his father can change his mind.

The flashback ends and it goes back to the present time, with Hiccup concluding that it technically was Tuffnut who invented Dragon Racing (because he was the one came up with the concepts of the rules) humiliating the three of them, especially Snotlout, who is deeply depressed. Hiccup tries to cheer up Snotlout by saying that he played a part in it, and that the cheating was all him. As Snotlout happily claims that he did cheat, the Twins interrupt that Snotlout actually did not know what they were doing, and knew nothing about the secret plan. When Hiccup just tells them that they should say that they all invented Dragon Racing the Twins reluctantly accept, but Tuffnut still claims that Snotlout did nothing. Furious, Snotlout launches a sheep at Tuffnut, and points out that at least he invented the Sheep Launcher. Then a horn is heard, signalling that it is time for the Dragon Race and all the Riders quickly set off to start.

Having gone from being Dragon Riders to Dragon Racers, thanks to them a new generation of Berk's traditional events was born.


"Dawn of the Dragon Racers" was released on November 11, 2014 as a special feature on the DVD/Blu-ray/digital release of "How to Train Your Dragon 2". It was released on DVD separately on March 3, 2015, with the previously-released "Book of Dragons" and "Legend of the Boneknapper Dragon" included as well.


</doc>
<doc id="44033421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44033421" title="ABCs of Death 2">
ABCs of Death 2

ABCs of Death 2 is a 2014 American anthology horror comedy film produced by Ant Timpson and Tim League. It contains 26 different shorts, each by different directors spanning various countries. It is a sequel to the 2012 film "The ABCs of Death". Directors featured include Jim Hosking, Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen, the Soska sisters, Julian Barrett, Rodney Ascher, Kristina Buožytė, Larry Fessenden, Aharon Keshales, Bill Plympton, and Vincenzo Natali.

The film received a much more positive response than its predecessor. A second sequel, "ABCs of Death 2.5", was released in late 2016.

Like the first film, the sequel is divided into 26 individual chapters, each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet. The directors were then given free rein in choosing a word to create a story involving death. The varieties of death range from accidents to murders.

A contest was held for the role of the 26th director. The winner was music video director Robert Boocheck, who submitted his short for M.

The movie begins with a creepy stop-motion storybook that opens showing children doing a variety of fun activities that end up being very deadly (i.e. a jump rope slices a girl in half, children playing ball with a boy's head and a girl on a swing made from a boy's intestines). Throughout the film, a teacher with a skeleton face presents the titles to all the segments, with each of the segments ending and beginning with a focus on, or a fade into, the color black.

In a post-credits scene a man (Laurence R. Harvey) is seen masturbating to "T is for Torture Porn", but stops after being put off by the content.

The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 77% approval rating based on 31 reviews, with an average rating of 6.2/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""ABCs of Death 2" delivers some inventively gory thrills, offering a surprising (albeit still somewhat uneven) upgrade over its predecessor." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned a score of 53 out of 100 based on ten critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="44034678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44034678" title="The Feminist and the Fuzz">
The Feminist and the Fuzz

The Feminist and the Fuzz is a 1971 American made-for-television comedy film by Screen Gems starring Barbara Eden (in her television film debut), David Hartman, Jo Anne Worley, Herb Edelman and Julie Newmar. It premiered as the "ABC Movie of the Week" on January 26, 1971. The film was directed by Jerry Paris.

Pediatrician Jane Bowers (Barbara Eden) is a women's lib advocate who meets Officer Jerry Frazer (David Hartman) when they both show up to view an apartment in San Francisco. They immediately butt heads as her militant demand for equal treatment conflicts with his traditional "ladies first" attitude. Due to the shortage of affordable housing and a misunderstanding with the landlord, they agree to pose as a married couple to share the apartment since their work schedules don't overlap, an arrangement she openly shares with Wyatt, her understanding, liberal lawyer fiance and Mother's boy, but with not her father. Jerry keeps the secret from his girlfriend, Kitty, a Bunny at the Playboy Club.

Fellow doctor and ultra-militant women's libber Debby organizes a disruptive swimsuit protest at the club, to which the police respond, including Jerry. He sees a bikini-clad Jane participating at the protest and sends her home in a taxicab instead of arresting her, infuriating her. An upset Jane calls her father to talk, which makes him concerned enough to drive into town. Prostitute and aspiring porn actress Lilah asks Jerry to arrest her so she has someplace to sleep. Kindhearted Jerry lets her stay in the apartment overnight while he's at work, but finds a note from Jane that she will be leaving because of his "sexual bigotry." Jane's father arrives and is let in by the landlord. He runs into Lilah and assumes she's Jane's roommate. The truth comes out when Jerry rushes home after finding out Jane has left work early. Kitty arrives and recognizes Jane from the protest. Wyatt and Debby also arrive. Jerry professes his love for Jane, who runs out in confusion as Kitty angrily disavows Jerry and asks to join Debby's organization, WAM (Women Against Men). Wyatt's masochistic desire to be dominated by women is confirmed as he finds Debby's pushiness attractive. Jerry chases after Jane and catches her in the middle of the intersection, where they embrace and kiss while causing traffic to back up.




</doc>
<doc id="44036474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44036474" title="The Trial (2014 film)">
The Trial (2014 film)

The Trial is a 2014 Philippine family-drama film directed by Chito S. Roño and starring John Lloyd Cruz, Richard Gomez, Gretchen Barretto, Enrique Gil and Jessy Mendiola. It was produced and released by Star Cinema for its 20th Anniversary.

Ronald (John Lloyd Cruz), a mentally challenged man, was put into trial after allegedly raping his teacher Bessy (Jessy Mendiola). As Amanda (Gretchen Barretto), Julian (Richard Gomez), and Ronald try to mount a convincing defense, they discover soon that they're all connected in more ways than just the case.



</doc>
<doc id="44040710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44040710" title="Run the Wild Fields">
Run the Wild Fields

Run the Wild Fields is an American drama television movie that premiered in 2000. Released as a Showtime Original Movie, it was based on the play "And The Home of the Brave" by Rodney Vaccaro.

A North Carolina woman and her daughter take in a mysterious drifter to work their farm while the woman's husband is missing in action during World War II.

and others.




</doc>
<doc id="44041677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44041677" title="In the Name of the People (2000 film)">
In the Name of the People (2000 film)

In the Name of the People is an American television movie drama. It was released in 2000 by CBS Productions and Jaffe/Braunstein Films. The movie was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was based on the play by Tim Boland.

The movie focuses on the Murphy family, whose daughter was murdered by John Burke. Sentenced to death, the man realises that his daughter will become an orphan. Unexpectedly he asks the Murphys to care for her.



</doc>
<doc id="44041977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44041977" title="Death Do Us Part">
Death Do Us Part

Death Do Us Part is a 2014 horror film directed by Nicholas Humphries, and written by Julia Benson, Ryan Copple, and Peter Benson.

A disheveled woman in a bridal gown is found stumbling along a highway, and is brought to a ranger station. As they wait for the sheriff, the only on-duty ranger asks the woman her name, and what happened to her. The bride refers to herself as Kennedy, and the film flashes back to the previous day, to when Kennedy, her fiancé Ryan, Kennedy's half-sister Hannah, their friend Emily, Ryan's cousin Derrick, and Ryan's friend Chet travelled to a secluded cabin for a Stag and doe party.

As the characters set up at the cabin, it is revealed that almost all of them have a dark secret; Kennedy's unspecified mental illness is flaring up due to wedding-related stress, Ryan is having an affair with Hannah, Derrick intends to extort Kennedy through Ryan in order to get the money he owes a drug dealer, and the caretaker, Bo, is the prime suspect in the disappearance of his wife, Susan. That night, while everyone else is participating in a scavenger hunt, Derrick is murdered with an axe. Upon noticing that Derrick is missing, the others go to look for him, and become separated, with Kennedy and Ryan finding Derrick's corpse, and Emily presumably being murdered after she, Chet, and Hannah encounter Bo, who has the axe that was used to kill Derrick. The remaining partiers regroup at the cabin, and discover that the power has been cut, the vehicle has been sabotaged, and that all of the cellular phones have been thrown into the stove. Chet then goes missing, Bo is found dying from a head wound, and Hannah is knifed by someone wearing a burlap sack as a mask. Kennedy stumbles onto Emily and Chet's bodies, and then Hannah's, which Ryan is with. Thinking Ryan is the killer, Kennedy attacks him, and runs off.

At dawn, Ryan returns to the cabin, where he and Kennedy fight, ending with Kennedy stabbing Ryan to death after Ryan spitefully declares that he never loved her. Kennedy then goes into hysterics, puts on her wedding dress, and runs into Emily, who claims that she had only been injured, and had faked being dead. The two women begin to walk to safety, until Emily lets slip information that only the killer could know. Kennedy confronts Emily, who asserts that she slew Derrick and Hannah, and had intended to murder Ryan, to protect her, with Chet and Bo being collateral damage. Kennedy snaps, and strangles Emily.

The film returns to the intro, and the bride lifts her veil to reveal that she is Emily, who had recovered, bludgeoned Kennedy, and taken her gown. The ranger offers his condolences for all that "Kennedy" has gone through, and when he gives Emily a pen to write down who he should contact for her, she stabs him in the neck with it, and walks out into the woods, leaving her fate unknown.

Nav Qateel of "1nflux Magazine" said that, while "Death Do Us Part" had its shortcomings, it was still something "I wouldn't hesitate recommending to anyone into horror". A lukewarm review was given was by Christian Bates-Hardy of Rock! Shock! Pop!, who concluded, ""Death Do Us Part" does a fairly good job of building tension up between the characters and establishing subplots and drama between them, but once it becomes a horror film the whole thing unravels and quickly becomes a directionless mess. The characters do a lot of pointless running around and screaming for no apparent reason, and it becomes very tedious until the last ten to fifteen minutes. I was ready to divorce this movie until the final twist was revealed. The ending has a surprisingly nasty edge that somewhat redeems the movie, but doesn't quite make up for the lack of direction and poor script". In his coverage of "Death Do Us Part" for the Canadian Film Review, Mark Weeden called the picture a hackneyed affair that was devoid of fright, but full of boring kills, cringe-worthy attempts at emotion, and "Huh?"-inducing plot developments. DVD Verdict's Patrick Bromley wrote that the "totally forgettable" "Death Do Us Part" is "the most frustrating kind of horror movie: the kind that strives only for mediocrity and achieves it".


</doc>
<doc id="44042767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44042767" title="Call Me Tonight">
Call Me Tonight

On Anime News Network, Justin Sevakis said that "Call Me Tonight is truly original, and a total product of both manga culture and the 80s."



</doc>
<doc id="44043808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44043808" title="Hell Harbor">
Hell Harbor

Hell Harbor is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film directed by Henry King and written by Fred de Gresac, Clarke Silvernail and Brewster Morse. The film stars Lupe Vélez, Jean Hersholt, John Holland, Gibson Gowland, Harry Allen and Al St. John. The film was released on March 15, 1930, by United Artists.

Anita Morgan, a descendant of the famous pirate Henry Morgan, is living a carefree and careless life on an island in the Caribbean, but would much rather be living the same life In Havana. When she learns that her father, in exchange for money, has promised her hand in marriage to one of his swarthy friends, she is more convinced that Havana is the place to be. When an American comes to the island to buy some pearls, she falls in love with him. and when she discovers he is to be tricked out of his money and killed, she makes plans to save him...and go to Havana with him.




</doc>
<doc id="44044228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44044228" title="The Eyes of the World">
The Eyes of the World

The Eyes of the World is a 1930 American pre-Code drama film directed by Henry King and written by Brewster Morse and Clarke Silvernail. The film stars Eulalie Jensen, Florence Roberts, Una Merkel, and Nance O'Neil. The film was released on August 30, 1930, by United Artists.


This film is considered lost.




</doc>
<doc id="44045348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44045348" title="Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks">
Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks

Around the World in 80 Minutes with Douglas Fairbanks is a 1931 American Pre-Code documentary film directed by Douglas Fairbanks and Victor Fleming and written by Robert E. Sherwood. The film was released on December 12, 1931, by United Artists.

Douglas Fairbanks, Sr. and a crew of three--photographers Harry Sharp and Chuck Lewis and co-director Victor Fleming--journey around the world and report on various cultural curiosities and the humor they find in everyday life overseas. Beginning with Japan, Fairbanks focuses on the people and observes a Japanese woman demonstrating how her maids assemble her headdress. Fairbanks and his crew then travel to China, where they are greeted by one of China's greatest actors, female impersonator Mei Lanfang. Further travels take them to the walls of the Forbidden City in Peking, the tomb of Dr. Sun Yat-sen and the city of Hong Kong. En route, Fairbanks takes an exercise break on board a ship, displaying his athlete's physique while doing deck drills. He is also shown playing golf. In Indochina the Maharanee of Cooch-Behar provides Fairbanks with fifty elephants and attendants for an expedition into the jungle to hunt leopards. In the Philippines, Fairbanks films General Emilio Aguinaldo as he poses and speaks for the camera. After passing through Cambodia and Bangkok, Fairbanks stops in Siam, where he visits a party attended by many foreign dignitaries at the estate of the King of Siam. 

At this point, the live action is interrupted by a short animated sequence of Mickey Mouse dancing to Siamese music. In India, the film focuses on the Taj Mahal, life on the Ganges river, a Hindu cremation ceremony, a performance of trained birds stringing beads, the Palace of Kushabaha and an elephant trip to hunt for a leopard. The film concludes with a "magic carpet" ride back to Hollywood, which incorporates aerial footage of Chicago and the Los Angeles basin.


</doc>
<doc id="44045542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44045542" title="The Purge: Election Year">
The Purge: Election Year

The Purge: Election Year is a 2016 American action horror film written and directed by James DeMonaco and starring Frank Grillo, Elizabeth Mitchell, and Mykelti Williamson. It is the sequel to 2014's "" and is the third installment in the "Purge" franchise. Jason Blum and Michael Bay are among the film's producers.

The film was released on July 1, 2016, and received mixed reviews from critics. It grossed more than $118 million worldwide, becoming the highest-grossing film of the series before being passed by the fourth film, "The First Purge", in July 2018.

A young Charlene "Charlie" Roan and her family are tied up by a masked purger. He taunts them with his "purge playlist", and then tells them they will play a final purge game called "Mommy's Choice," where the mother chooses which person in the family will get to live while everyone else dies. Charlie is chosen and forced to watch as her mother, father, and brother are killed.

Eighteen years later, Roan is a U.S. Senator campaigning for the U.S. Presidency, promising executive action to end the annual purge nights. Former police sergeant Leo Barnes is now head of security for Roan. The New Founding Fathers of America's (NFFA) and their candidate, Minister Edwidge Owens, view Roan as a threat; under the pretense of regaining public trust, they revoke immunity for government officials, including her, on Purge night.

Watching the presidential debate are deli owner Joe Dixon, his assistant Marcos, and former purger turned EMT Laney Rucker. A pair of teenage girls try to shoplift, only to be cornered by Joe. The girls mock Joe until Laney intervenes; recognizing her as a famous ex-Purger, they leave peacefully. Joe receives a call stating the cost of his purge insurance has been raised beyond affordability, prompting him to guard his store himself, despite Marcos and Laney's pleas not to. At the same time, the country's so-called "Murder tourism" booms the economy due to tourists visiting the U.S. to participate in the annual Purge nights.

As the purge begins, Joe guards his store and is joined by Marcos, repelling an attack by the teen girls seeking revenge. Laney and her partner Dawn patrol the city in an ambulance, providing medical care to the wounded. Roan decides to wait out the purge from her home rather than a secure location to secure the vote, and is accompanied by Barnes, Chief Couper, Eric, and additional security forces. However, Couper and Eric are NFFA spies who allow a neo-Nazi paramilitary force led by Earl Danzinger to kill the guards and invade the house. Barnes escorts Roan to safety, but is wounded by a bullet. He detonates a bomb in the house, killing Eric and Couper.

Navigating the hostile streets of Washington D.C., Barnes and Roan attempt to seek shelter, but are ambushed by a gang of Murder Tourists. Before they can be executed, Joe and Marcos kill the gang, having seen the pair's plight from the store's rooftop. As they take shelter in the store, the teens return with reinforcements. However, Laney runs over two of them and kills half the group. As the other Purgers threaten to break in, they leave for a safer hideout. The team is ambushed by Danzinger in a helicopter, and seeks refuge beneath an overpass wherein Barnes realizes they were tracked by the bullet in his shoulder, which he promptly removes. After a confrontation with a large number of Crips, which Joe was previously a member of, the team helps their leader's injured comrade. In return, the Crips plant the bullet in another area to divert the paramilitary team, whom they eliminate while Danzinger observes from his radio.

The team arrives at an underground anti-purge hideout run by Dante Bishop. During their stay, Barnes and Roan discover that Bishop's group intends to assassinate the NFFA's leadership, in an effort to end the purge. As Roan pleads to Bishop's partner, Angel, not to kill Owens, they are alerted by Dawn of a large paramilitary group arriving in search of Bishop and Roan. Barnes and Roan escape back to the streets and reunite with Joe, Marcos, and Laney, who had left the hideout earlier to return to Joe's store.

Barnes orders to flee from the city but on their way, the ambulance is hit by Danzinger's team. Roan is pulled from the van by the soldiers before anyone can assist. Barnes leads the group and Bishop's team to a fortified cathedral where the NFFA will "sacrifice" her, after NFFA loyalist Harmon James stabs a drug addict to death. Before Roan can be killed, the group arrives and Marcos assassinates Warrens, causing a shootout that kills the entire congregation except Owens and James, who escape. Owens is caught by Bishop's group, but Roan manages to persuade them to spare him. The remaining paramilitary forces arrive, killing Bishop and his team. Danzinger and Barnes engage in a melee, where Barnes beats and stabs Danzinger to death. As Roan and the team free the imprisoned purge victims, James emerges and kills a released prisoner before engaging Joe in a gunfight. Although fatally wounded, Joe manages to kill James with a point-blank head shot. Before dying, Joe asks Laney and Marcos to take care of his store.

Two months later, Roan wins the election in a landslide, while Barnes is appointed the new Director of the Secret Service. Marcos and Laney renovate Joe's store, which had been looted and demolished by the surviving half of the teens' group, and continue to run it in his memory. A news report then states that NFFA supporters have staged violent uprisings across the country in response to election results and the end of the annual purge nights.


On October 6, 2014, it was announced that James DeMonaco would be back to write and direct the third film, while producers Sebastian Lemercier, Blumhouse Productions' Jason Blum, and Platinum Dunes partners Michael Bay, Andrew Form, and Brad Fuller, would also be back. On August 3, 2015, it was announced that Frank Grillo would return for the sequel to play Leo Barnes. On September 10, 2015, more cast was announced, including Betty Gabriel, Edwin Hodge, Kyle Secor, Joseph Julian Soria, Mykelti Williamson, and Elizabeth Mitchell.

Shooting began on September 16, 2015. Although a few scenes were filmed in Washington, DC, most of the movie was shot in Rhode Island, both in its capital Providence, and Woonsocket.

The main streets of Woonsocket were transformed into the near-future Washington, DC. The NFFA-captured Catholic cathedral where Owens' purge mass takes place, as well as the cathedral crypt scenes, were filmed at the St. Ann's Church Complex. The Rhode Island State House stood in as the White House and its rotunda and some of its interiors such as the Press Room and basement were also used for filming. Numerous landmarks of both Woonsocket and Providence make cameos in the film. The Roan household was shot in another part of Woonsocket and some of the interiors were shot on a soundstage to allow more room for cameras and crew.

Nathan Whitehead returned to compose the score, having done the music for the first two "Purge" films. The soundtrack was released on July 1, 2016, to coincide with the release of the film.

Originally, the film was set to be released on Monday, July 4, 2016, to coincide with the Fourth of July, but was moved to Friday, July 1.
It was released in the United Kingdom on August 26.

"The Purge: Election Year" was released on digital platforms on September 20, 2016 and on Blu-Ray and DVD on October 4, 2016. A 4K UHD Blu-Ray release occurred on June 12, 2018.

"The Purge: Election Year" grossed $79.2 million in North America and $39.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $118.6 million, against a budget of $10 million. "Deadline Hollywood" calculated the net profit of the film to be $44.8 million, when factoring together all expenses and revenues.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened alongside "The BFG" and "The Legend of Tarzan", and was projected to gross around $25 million in its opening weekend. The film grossed $3.6 million from Thursday night previews, outperforming both of its predecessors (the original's $3.4 million in 2013 and ""'s in $2.6 million in 2014). In its opening weekend, the film grossed $31.4 million, landing in between the $34 million debut for the first film and the $29 million opening for the second, and finished third at the box office behind "Finding Dory" ($41.4 million) and "The Legend of Tarzan" ($38.6 million). The film grossed a total of $34.8 million over its four-day July 4 holiday frame.

On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 55% based on 154 reviews, with an average rating of 5.44/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "It isn't particularly subtle, but "The Purge: Election Year"s blend of potent jolts and timely themes still add up to a nastily effective diversion." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 55 out of 100 based on 31 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

A.O. Scott of "The New York Times" gave the movie a positive review, saying """The Purge: Election Year"" takes itself just seriously enough to provide the expected measure of fun - a blend of aggression, release and relief." On the other hand, Alan Zilberman of the "Washington Post" gave the movie 1.5 stars out of 4, saying "Even DeMonaco seems bored by the sieges, escapes and gun battles. Silly one-liners are the only saving grace, and that's because such acting veterans as Williamson know how to sell them."

In September 2016, James DeMonaco, who wrote and directed every film in the series thus far, stated that the fourth "Purge" film would be a prequel to the trilogy. The film will reportedly show how the United States got to the point of accepting the Purge Night.

On February 17, 2017, DeMonaco announced that a fourth installment is in development at Universal Studios. DeMonaco will write the script, while Jason Blum from Blumhouse Productions and Michael Bay, Brad Fuller, and Andrew Form from Platinum Dunes will return to produce the film with Sébastien K. Lemercier. The film was set for a July 4, 2018 release date.

On July 20, 2017, it was announced that Gerard McMurray will be directing the fourth film titled, "The First Purge".



</doc>
<doc id="44045802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44045802" title="Hurricane Bianca">
Hurricane Bianca

Hurricane Bianca is a 2016 American comedy film directed and written by Matt Kugelman. The film's title derives from the starring actor, Bianca Del Rio (Roy Haylock), an American costumer and drag queen, best known for winning the sixth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race". As well as being marketed as a comedy, the film touches on serious social issues, such as the fact that it is legal in 29 U.S. states for somebody to be fired from their place of work for being gay.

Speaking on the film before its release, Del Rio stated "It's a serious topic, but it's done in a funny way." Kugelman stated he hopes the film will shine a light on employment discrimination in the United States, saying "My hope is that "Hurricane Bianca" will change minds and bring awareness to the issue. The film deals with a serious topic in a comedic way."

The film's budget was met largely through extensive crowdfunding. It was introduced and announced years before Del Rio's rise to fame on "RuPaul's Drag Race". In winning that show, Del Rio was awarded a cash prize of $100,000, garnering more attention for the film. He was able to bring additional attention to it with the casting of not only RuPaul Charles himself, but also other well known "Drag Race" alumni: Willam Belli, Shangela Laquifa Wadley (Darius J. Pierce), Joslyn Fox (Patrick Joslyn), and Alyssa Edwards (Justin Johnson).

Following a limited theatrical release, the film was released on video on demand on September 23, 2016, with a release to DVD in October 2016.

A sequel film, "", was released on May 18, 2018.

A school teacher named Richard moves from New York City to a small town in Texas, and begins work at a new school. Shortly after this, Richard gets outed by the community in this town and is consequently fired, which is legal under state law in Texas. Following this, Richard feels the need to get revenge on the people that were hateful to him, so he returns as Bianca Del Rio, his drag persona, and spreads his hate and causes mayhem to those that were mean to him, who are oblivious to the fact that Del Rio is actually the previously fired Richard.


Before winning "RuPaul's Drag Race", Del Rio had already garnered attention as a comedian and drag queen in the New York City and New Orleans drag scenes. She would often host and MC events, including Mardi Gras and Southern Decadence. Del Rio became friends with Kugelman, who wrote the film specifically based on him, stating "Tall, slender and glamorous, but with the mouth of a truck driver, I immediately thought that Bianca was a total movie character, and that this would be the story that I develop for my first feature." After the two had decided to pursue the venture, a crowdfunding site was set up on Indiegogo and was sponsored also by Fractured Atlas. Del Rio began promoting the project during her shows, encouraging fans to donate to the project. Other methods of funding included Del Rio making personalised videos to contributors, in a video series titled "Bianca Hates You". As Del Rio is an insult comic by trait, those who donated high amounts of money received these videos, as a lot of fans enjoyed being verbally attacked by Del Rio.

After being cast and ultimately winning "RuPaul's Drag Race", Del Rio was elevated to international fame. She also received a cash prize of $100,000, which solidified the making of "Hurricane Bianca".

Kugelman and Del Rio enlisted various known names for the movie following Del Rio's appearance on "RuPaul's Drag Race". Actor and "Drag Race" season 4 contestant Willam Belli was first announced to be joining the cast via a YouTube video, playing Del Rio's on-screen best friend Bailey. Other "Drag Race" contestants announced to be on the show via Del Rio's social media were fellow season 6 cast member Joslyn Fox, season 3 cast member Shangela Laquifa Wadley and season 5 cast member Alyssa Edwards.

Outside of "Drag Race", both Alan Cumming and Rachel Dratch were both announced via social media to be in the film.

According to Del Rio's website, filming took place over a three-week period in mid July and August in Garland, Texas at Garland High School. Behind the scenes footage posted on social media from some of the actors showed a scene at a roller rink (Texas Skatium in Garland) and a school. After filming had commenced, Kugelman released footage online of Del Rio's 40th birthday roast. The almost two-hour show was put on sale for $14.99 and was used to help fund the post production of "Hurricane Bianca".

"Chicago Review" gave a positive review and wrote "Crowd-funded on a teensy budget, the movie is not without its charms, including Ryan Matthieu Smith's inventive production and costume design and a cast of unknowns who prove worthy straight men to Del Rio." An editor of "Junkee" rated the film a "B-", stating that the film "is occasionally spotty in its laughs, but fans of Bianca Del Rio won't want to miss their favourite insult factory."



</doc>
<doc id="44047267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44047267" title="Son of Aladdin">
Son of Aladdin

Son of Aladdin is a 2003 Indian animated film based on the life of the Aladdin written and directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao. Produced by Pentamedia Graphics, the film had 1100 shots and 125 characters. The film won "Special Mention in the Competition section" at the 2003 "International Children’s Film Festival Hyderabad", and was subsequently premiered at the 37th International Film Festival of India. In 2016, the film was released as "Mustafa & the Magician" in Los Angeles and was submitted for consideration for the animated feature film Oscar.



</doc>
<doc id="44049168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44049168" title="Champs (film)">
Champs (film)

Champs is a 2014 documentary film focusing on boxers Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield, and Bernard Hopkins. The film had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 19, 2014. Starz released the film on March 13, 2015, in a theatrical release and through video on demand.


Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 63% of 24 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 5.8/10. Eddie Cockrell of "Variety" called it "slick but cliched", although "Marcus and his team make up in substance what they fall short of in style." John DeFore of "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote, "In his debut doc about superstar fighters, Bert Marcus offers more sociology than boxing fans may expect, using mean-streets origin stories not just for biographical intrigue but to comment on hardships his subjects faced later in life," as well as that the film is a "very polished doc has more on its mind than action in the ring." Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" wrote that the film "needs a trip through a cliché-removing machine". Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that the documentary experiences "varied success" but "comes from a place of caring for an oft-maligned sport". Nick Schlager of "Slant Magazine" rated it 2/4 stars and called it "an unfocused mishmash that thrives only when it fixates on footage of actual bouts". At Indiewire, Kevin Jagernauth wrote that it "examines what it means to be a man" and "while the director has no shortage of famous people showing up — Mark Wahlberg, Denzel Washington, Ron Howard, Spike Lee, Mary J. Blige, 50 Cent — their contributions are carefully and tastefully selected, with Marcus largely ceding to the more knowledgeable and less flashy experts, who are the ones that truly contribute the context to make "Champs" as insightful as it is", and Zeba Blay described it as "more a social documentary than a sports documentary". Ashton Morris of The Hot Zone said, "Bert Marcus, with keen intellect and whimsical creativity, illuminates a long ignored "issue" – that's putting it lightly – in a sport that has left its mark on the fabric of our country's history." Jeff Sorensen of Crave Online wrote, ""Champs" is really a film that needs to be viewed to really understand the scope of what it tries to show the viewer. It really attempts to show the courage of what it takes to be a man among such hardships. We all fail at times. We all hit major turning points in our lives. Champs shows 3 men who have been through the best of the best and the absolute worst of the worst." 

Additionally, various interviews with cast members the director were featured during the film's release, explaining that this film is more than just a boxing film. Sean Crose of Boxing Insider writes, "[p]erhaps that's why Marcus' new documentary, "Champs", deals with more than just its main subjects: Mike Tyson, Evander Holyfield and Bernard Hopkins, respectively. Indeed, Marcus wants his film to start 'a conversation about really important issues.'"



</doc>
<doc id="44049600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44049600" title="The Test of Love">
The Test of Love

The Test of Love is a 1999 American television drama film directed by Larry Peerce and starring Roma Downey. It was released by Carla Singer Productions and Hamdon Entertainment. In the United States, at its original airing it was distributed by Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS).

Cassie and David Whitman are living happy and peaceful life, raising together a teenage son; Kevin. The day after their 20th wedding anniversary, David has a business travel. The plane he flies with crashes. Everybody but David dies, meanwhile he goes into the coma. The woman sitting next to him was checked in under the same last name, which makes the insurance company believe she was his wife. Trying to explain this, Cassie discovers a shocking truth of David's double life, the fruit of which is a pre-teenage daughter.

and Penny Johnson Jerald, Steve Anderson, J. Scott Bronson, Tracy Chase, Gérman Contreras, Fredric Cook, Neblis Francois, Kim Landry, Christopher Miller, Joey Miyashima, Anne Kathryn Parma, Alan Peterson, Martine Singer, Anne Sward, Shauna Thompson, Scott Jackson Tompkins, L. Melvin Ward, Scott Wilkinson.


</doc>
<doc id="44050863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44050863" title="Pinocchio (miniseries)">
Pinocchio (miniseries)

Pinocchio is a two-episode 2008 Italian-British miniseries directed by Alberto Sironi and starring Robbie Kay, Bob Hoskins, Luciana Littizzetto and Alessandro Gassman. The film is based on "The Adventures of Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi, with Kay portraying Pinocchio. It was shot in Lazio and Tuscany, Italy.



</doc>
<doc id="44050867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44050867" title="Switched at Birth (1999 film)">
Switched at Birth (1999 film)

Switched at Birth (also known as Mistaken Identity and Two Babies: Switched at Birth ), American television drama movie, released in 1999 by Alexander/Enright & Associates and Carlton America. It was filmed in Newberg, Oregon and Portland, Oregon.

Two baby boys, born more or less at the same time, were switched soon after they had been born. When their families accidentally discover it eighteen months later, they start having troubles to decide who their real children are – the one they have been raising or the one they gave birth to.




</doc>
<doc id="44052224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44052224" title="The Silver Lining (1932 film)">
The Silver Lining (1932 film)

The Silver Lining is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Alan Crosland and written by Claire Corvalho and Gertrude Orr. Starring Maureen O'Sullivan, Betty Compson, John Warburton, Montagu Love, Mary Doran and Cornelius Keefe, it was released on April 16, 1932, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44053106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44053106" title="Broken Record (film)">
Broken Record (film)

Broken Record is a short comedy film following a pair of removal men in East Kilbride who stumble upon an old trunk in a locked cupboard. The film was produced by Pentagram Productions UK and marked the directorial debut for Andy S. McEwan.

Set in East Kilbride in 1992, Broken Record tells the tale of Frasier & Tam who whilst working for a removal company stumble upon an trunk in a locked cupboard of an empty flat. The pair prise open the trunk to find it full to the brim of old gramophone records leading them to believe they have just stumbled upon a secret fortune. The lucky find is suddenly plunged into jeopardy when Jim, an on site painter, spots the trunk and wants in on the action. Frasier and Tam have no choice but to include Jim in on the deal but they quickly hatch a plan to steal the records for themselves.

Later that evening, the pair fake a break in at the house they were working in and steal the trunk. The following day, Frasier sets off to a local record shop to see what kind of price he can get for the records. However after inspecting just a handful of records, the record shop owner informs Frasier that he doesn't deal with gramophone records and suggests he contacts Cecil Hardcastle who is a collector and an expert in the field. Frasier visits Mr Hardcastle and shows him the trunk of records in the boot of his car. After examining the record, Cecil offers to buy a handful of the records but Frasier is horrified to find out that each record only has a value of two pence each.

Frasier calls round to Tam's house to deliver the news and finds him in a top hat boasting about how he is going to the Ritz and that he has booked a holiday to Benidorm. Tam asks for his share of the money only to be presented with a handful of change. Questioning where the rest of the money is, Frasier explains that the records are worthless and that their chances of becoming millionaires are dead. Leaving Tam in a state of frustration, Frasier announces on his way out that he intends to throw the records in the bin.

The final scene shows a couple of bin men stumbling upon the trunk in a bin shed. After a quick inspection of the records one of the bin men says "These must be worth a fortune."


The film was released on 3 April 2014 and had its first public screening in Glasgow.

"Broken Record" received positive reviews from critics. In the United Kingdom, Mary Palmer from MovieScramble said "This really is an enjoyable short. It is quick to the point and I genuinely laughed out loud at the ridiculousness of some of the scenes." Internationally, the film received high praise with Mark Bell of Film Threat in the United States saying "It’s a pretty straightforward tale, the film looks great, and sounds pretty good overall. Broken Record is an amusing short about what happens when big dreams and grand plans don’t match up with what life has planned for you".

In 2014, the film appeared in a number of film festivals including the Loch Ness Film Festival in Inverness and the Portobello Film Festival in London.



</doc>
<doc id="44053480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44053480" title="Samarang (film)">
Samarang (film)

Samarang is a 1933 American Pre-Code action film directed by Ward Wing and written by Thomas J. Geraghty. The film was released on June 28, 1933, by United Artists.





</doc>
<doc id="44053561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44053561" title="Advice to the Lovelorn">
Advice to the Lovelorn

Advice to the Lovelorn is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Alfred L. Werker and written by Leonard Praskins. The film stars Lee Tracy, Sally Blane, Paul Harvey, Sterling Holloway, C. Henry Gordon and Isabel Jewell. The film was released on December 1, 1933, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44054077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44054077" title="Blood Cult">
Blood Cult

Blood Cult is a 1985 American direct-to-video slasher film directed and co-edited by Christopher Lewis.


"Blood Cult" was released for the first time on DVD by Vci Video on August 28, 2001. Vci later re-released the film as a part of its three-disk "The Ripper Blood Pack" on October 31, 2006. The film was later released by Mill Creek Entertainment on July 24, 2007 as a part of its twelve-disk "Decrepit Crypt of Nightmares: 50 Movie Pack". It was last released again by Vci on September 11, 2012 as a double feature with "Revenge" (1986).

"Blood Cult" received mostly negative reviews from critics.
Justin Kerswell, from "Hysteria Lives!", awarded the film 1/5 stars, due to the film's lack of suspense/thrills, "laughable" dialogue and for having "the most unattractive cast in slasher movie history". Josh G. from "Oh, the Horror" hated the film, stating that the film started out well, but was ruined by poor acting, gore effects, "ridiculous dialogue", and ending. Josh concluded his review by calling it "the cure for sleeplessness".

Todd Martin from "HorrorNews.net" gave the film a positive review, while also noting the film's poor acting, and special effects. martin concluded his review by stating, "Yes, it is cheesy as hell and a little over the top at times but if you’re a fan of corny low budget horror flicks then you will most likely dig it as much as I did."



</doc>
<doc id="44057181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44057181" title="Canada's Air Defence">
Canada's Air Defence

Canada's Air Defence is a 33-minute 1957 Canadian documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). The film depicts the role of air defence over Canada and the United States by following the training and operational exercises of a RCAF squadron.

In 1956, No. 433 "Porcupine" RCAF Squadron flies the Avro Canada CF-100 Canuck all-weather interceptor aircraft. The squadron is based at CFB North Bay, Ontario, and is responsible for an area that includes the immediate region and the Arctic. On a deployment to CFB Cold Lake, Alberta, where training for RCAF operational units takes place, experienced flight crews and newcomers in the squadron learn how to be more effective as a team. The work of the ground control and radar units that support the squadron are highlighted in a combat readiness exercise.

During the Cold War, the Soviet threat of nuclear attack on North America was countered by both the United States and Canada. Air defence was based on radar stations, staffed with American and Canadian personnel, set up in three systems across Canada to detect incoming Soviet bombers. The further operational aspects of air defence in North America that even included ground observers called the RCAF Ground Observer Corps, was detailed.

Typical of the NFB's series of short training films for the RCAF, "Canada's Air Defence" relied heavily on military assistance in obtaining footage. The film incorporated footage shot in 1956 at bases where No. 433 All-Weather (Fighter) Squadron operated. After the Second World War, the squadron, originally a heavy bomber squadron in Europe, reformed as a fighter squadron at Cold Lake, Alberta, on November 15, 1954. A move to North Bay, Ontario, came in October 1955, where the squadron flew CF-100 aircraft on North American air defence until being disbanded on August 1, 1961.

The aerial sequences included footage shot from accompanying CF-100s and featured five-plane formation flying. Additional footage of rocket firing at the CFB Cold Lake, Alberta, firing range was incorporated into the story of air defence interceptions. A Royal Air Force Vickers Valiant bomber is also briefly seen in the film.

"Canada's Air Defence" was primarily a military training film, produced as part of the NFB's newsreel programs. Each film in NFB's catalogue was made available on 16 mm, to schools, libraries and air cadet units. They were also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. "Canada's Air Defence" was later edited into "R.C.A.F. Air Defence Command" (1957).

Although available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD, "Canada's Air Defence" is now largely forgotten. A recent analysis emphasized the historical value of the film. "From a strictly cinematic viewpoint, it must be admitted that its age is showing. The style of the film with its wooden 'acting' and patriotic theme is in keeping with its generation. That is some ways what makes it so interesting, it's a time capsule from the past."

Notes

Citations

Bibliography



</doc>
<doc id="44058297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44058297" title="The Falling (2014 film)">
The Falling (2014 film)

The Falling is a 2014 British mystery drama film written and directed by Carol Morley. It stars Maisie Williams and Florence Pugh as best friends at an all-girls school. The film also stars Greta Scacchi, Monica Dolan, Maxine Peake, and Mathew Baynton. Production began in October 2013. The film premiered at the BFI London Film Festival on 11 October 2014 and was released theatrically on 24 April 2015 in the UK. 

In 1969, Lydia and Abbie are best friends at an English girls' school. Lydia, the neglected daughter of an agoraphobic mother, becomes fixated on Abbie, who has begun to explore her sexuality. After having sex with Lydia's brother Kenneth in an attempt to abort her pregnancy by another boy, Abbie begins to suffer from fainting spells. She faints and goes into convulsons after a stint in detention with Lydia and dies in the process. Following Abbie's burial, Lydia begins suffering as well from fainting spells, and it soon becomes an epidemic, with numerous girls and a young teacher in the school spontaneously passing out for no more than a few seconds. Lydia becomes convinced that the administration must take action, much to the chagrin of the school principal.

When an assembly becomes disrupted by a mass fainting episode, the school is temporarily shut down and all affected students are hospitalized and psychoanalysed. When no cause for the spells is discovered, the school is reopened and Lydia is expelled. That same night, the virginal Lydia has sex with Kenneth, with whom she has developed an incestuous relationship after Abbie's death. However their mother Eileen catches them and, armed with a pair of scissors, angrily forces Kenneth out of the house before launching into an argument with her daughter, in which she brands Lydia dangerous and that she ought to be locked up. Eileen also reveals that Lydia and Kenneth are only half-siblings; Lydia being the product of a rape. 

Upon learning this, Lydia runs out of the house and Eileen follows her outside, despite having never ventured outside in over 16 years. Searching for Lydia, Eileen is overcome with flashbacks of her own sexual assault, and eventually locates Lydia; who has climbed to the top of a tree in a breakdown over Abbie's death. Eileen pleads with Lydia to come down, but she laughs, challenging her mother's lack of maternal affection, before losing her footing and leaping from the tree into a lake. 

Distraught, Eileen ventures into the water and cradles Lydia's seemingly drowned body, realizing that her emotional frigidity had done more harm to her daughter than she knew. Lydia regains consciousness, and the film ends with the two women in a crying embrace.

BFI funded the film £750K. Production began in October 2013. The soundtrack is by Tracey Thorn. Morley asked Thorn to provide the music for the film after editing had begun.

"The Falling" premiered at the BFI London Film Festival on 11 October 2014. It had a limited release in the United Kingdom, grossing £442,177 with a further £10,051 grossed in New Zealand. US DVD sales amounted to another £6,406.

Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 72% of 36 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating is 6.8/10. Mark Adams of "Screen International" wrote, "It is a film that will resonate with some but leave others exasperated, but "The Falling" is certainly a bold film, and one to be admired and appreciated." Guy Lodge of "Variety" called it "an imperfect but alluring study of psychological contagion that marks an auspicious advance in the field of narrative filmmaking for acclaimed documaker Carol Morley". Leslie Felperin of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "a flawed but fascinating period study of female friendship and hysteria". Trevor Johnston of "Time Out London" rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "Carol Morley shows startling versatility and ambition with this jawdropping mash-up of "If" and "Picnic at Hanging Rock"". Mike McCahill of "The Daily Telegraph" rated it 4/5 stars and called it a continuation of the themes in Nicolas Roeg's "Performance" and "Don't Look Now".

Geoffrey Macnab of "The Independent" rated it 4/5 stars and wrote, "Carol Morley's "The Falling" is beguiling and disturbing, a beautifully made and very subtle affair that combines melodrama, rites of passage and supernatural elements in an utterly intriguing way." Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" rated it 5/5 stars and wrote, "Director Carol Morley has come up with another brilliant and very distinctive feature, about an epidemic of fainting that grips a girls school in the 1960s." Elise Nakhnikian of "Slant Magazine" gave a less favourable review, writing that "the film all leads to a melodramatic climax that wraps up the main character's explosive acting out in a too-neat package." David Jenkins of "Little White Lies" also gave an unfavourable review, writing, "Carol Morley follows up the mesmerising "Dreams of a Life" with a tedious period drama set in an all-girls school."



</doc>
<doc id="44058456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44058456" title="Gallant Lady (1934 film)">
Gallant Lady (1934 film)

Gallant Lady is a 1934 American pre-Code drama film directed by Gregory La Cava and written by Sam Mintz. The film stars Ann Harding, Clive Brook, Otto Kruger, Tullio Carminati, Dickie Moore, Janet Beecher and Betty Lawford. The film was released on January 5, 1934, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44058547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44058547" title="Time Under Fire">
Time Under Fire

Time Under Fire, released in the United States as Beneath the Bermuda Triangle is a 1997 American science fiction film directed by Scott P. Levy and executive produced by Roger Corman. Released by Royal Oaks Entertainment, the film stars Jeff Fahey as Alan Deakins, a submarine commander whose boat enters a time portal in the Bermuda Triangle and travels 80 years into the future to a dystopian North America.

In 1990, the naval submarine accidentally enters a portal in the Bermuda Triangle and disappears. Captain Alan Deakins, the submarine's commander, resurfaces several years later claiming to have traveled into the future. The navy refuses to believe him and he is confined to a mental institution. A paranormal research organization headed by Lance McCarty (Jack Coleman) bankrolls an expedition to recreate the circumstances of the accident in order to discover the truth. A government official, Charles Braddock (Bryan Cranston) authorizes Deakins' breakout from a mental institution in order to participate in the expedition. Before leaving, Deakins visits his heartbroken wife, Jeannie (Kimberly Stevens) who, overjoyed to rediscover he is alive, tries to convince him not to leave.

The expedition, including Deakins, McCarty, McCarty's assistant Marjorie (Linda Hoffman), and military men Schmidt (Jay Acovone), Cole (Larry Poindexter), and Hawks (Richard Cummings), leaves the next morning. The submarine successfully enters the portal, and after crossing is attacked and boarded by a military vessel. The leader of the force, Koda (Richard Tyson) claims to recognize Deakins, and captures the crew. In lockup, Deakins meets a man, Spitz (Chick Vennera) who tells them that they are in a post-apocalyptic year 2077, in which the U.S. is ruled by a dictatorship led by Charles Braddock. Deakins' son, John (also played by Fahey), is the leader of the rebellion. A guard kills Schmidt for talking back and sexually assaults Marjorie. Deakins kills him after finding out.

Spitz breaks Deakins, Marjorie, and Hawks out of prison. They travel to the rebels' base and meet Alan's son John. John explains that Braddock is attempting to create an army of cyborgs who can alter their appearance to look like humans. John enlists their assistance in an assault on Braddock's base to recover the computer chip which is key to the cyborgs' creation. Braddock orders the elder Deakins killed in order to alter the timeline so that John would never be born.

They infiltrate the base, recover the chip, and rescue Lance. John and Cole are believed to have been killed in the escape. However, John reappears to rescue them and they board a submarine in order to cross back into the past. They are pursued by Koda, but destroy his submarine and escape back to 1997. Soon, Spitz notices odd behavior by John, and discovers that he is actually a cyborg clone, who is then destroyed by Alan.

Deakins returns home to Jeannie, who is pregnant (presumably, with John). Hawks is revealed to be a traitor, and meets covertly with Braddock to give him the cyborg chip. Braddock then orders Hawks to kill Deakins to prevent the future rebellion. Lance attempts to assassinate Braddock in his office, but after shooting him, discovers that he is a cyborg clone. The real Braddock emerges with a gun to Lance's head. After a brief struggle, Lance finally kills Braddock. Hawks invades Deakins' home, and in the ensuing fight, Jeannie and Hawks are killed.

With Braddock's death, the heroes are assumed to have prevented the impending apocalypse. In an interrogation room, Spitz explains everything to skeptical government officials. However, after Spitz confirms Jeannie's death (thus John's nonexistence), they murder Spitz. The officials are actually working for a surviving cyborg clone of Charles Braddock. However, Spitz did realize shortly after Jeanette’s death that Marjorie is the one that would eventually give birth to John, thus ensuring the future rebellion.



</doc>
<doc id="44059008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44059008" title="The Last Gentleman (film)">
The Last Gentleman (film)

The Last Gentleman is a 1934 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Sidney Lanfield and written by Maude T. Howell, Leonard Praskins and Paul Schofield. The film stars George Arliss, Edna May Oliver, Janet Beecher, Charlotte Henry and Ralph Morgan. The film was released on April 28, 1934, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44059692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44059692" title="Sorrell and Son (1934 film)">
Sorrell and Son (1934 film)

Sorrell and Son is a 1934 British drama film directed by Jack Raymond and written by Lydia Hayward. The film stars H. B. Warner, Margot Grahame, Peter Penrose, Hugh Williams and Winifred Shotter. It was made by the producer Herbert Wilcox at Elstree Studios. It is based on the 1925 novel of the same title by Warwick Deeping. A silent version had previously been released in 1927, also starring Warner.

The film was released on 29 May 1934, by United Artists. It was actor Louis Hayward's final English film before relocating to America, where he had a successful acting career for many years.

 When Captain Sorrell returns home from the war, his wife Dora leaves him for another man. Despite considerable hardship, the captain devotes his life to bringing up his young son Kit, who becomes the object of his devotion. Eventually, the boy grows up to have a successful career as a doctor, and the captain lives long enough to see him happily married.


"The New York Times" wrote "Warwick Deeping's novel, "Sorrell and Son," which was produced as a silent film about seven years ago, is now to be seen at the Mayfair in talking-picture form. It was made by the British and Dominions concern under the supervision of Herbert Wilcox. It gives a faithful transcription...but in an episodic fashion, which often causes the story to be somewhat abrupt in its development. H.B. Warner, who acted Captain Sorrell in the mute edition, again plays the rôle in the current offering; and if his acting is not always as restrained as one might wish, it is frequently affecting. And after all, the author himself piled on the agony, a fact which gives both Mr. Warner and Mr. Wilcox an excuse to overemphasize the depiction of the hardships and misfortunes of the ex-British officer. Although there were disappointing spots in the Brenon film, its continuity was infinitely better than the present work, and also the silent production had the advantage of many impressive glimpses of London, the upper reaches of the Thames and the English countryside. Admitting that Mr. Wilcox gives an occasional flash of a charming country town, there are not enough of such views...The tragic note in the end is touched upon with laudable reticence";. "TV Guide" noted "Warner is nearly perfect in his portrayal of the broken man who refuses to give in, although choppy editing hinders the overall effect."


</doc>
<doc id="44060758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44060758" title="Moonlight Sonata (film)">
Moonlight Sonata (film)

Moonlight Sonata is a 1937 British drama film directed by Lothar Mendes and written by E. M. Delafield and Edward Knoblock. The film stars Ignacy Jan Paderewski, Charles Farrell, Marie Tempest, Barbara Greene and Eric Portman. The film was released on 11 February 1937, by United Artists 
and re-released in 1943 as "The Charmer" (shortened). 
In Sweden, Eric Molander (Charles Farrell) professes his love for Ingrid (Barbara Greene), the beautiful young granddaughter of baroness Lindenborg (Marie Tempest). Meanwhile, in the nearby countryside, a plane with Paderewski and two other passengers on board is forced to land due to mechanical problems. The travellers take refuge at the baroness's country estate; one of them, worldly Mario de la Costa (Eric Portman), steals the naive young Ingrid away from her lover. With Paderewski's help --- he plays a hauntingly beautiful rendition of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata" which soothingly calms the flighty-minded Ingrid and allows her to come to her senses --- Eric exposes Mario as a shameless fortune-hunter who already has a wife, and the young hero and heroine are reunited. Seen at the beginning of the film as a happily married couple who are attending one of Mr. Paderewski's packed piano recitals, Eric and Ingrid have become the joyful parents of an adorable curly-headed little damsel who herself gets to meet the great artist in person at the concert; at Ingrid's request, he then plays the Moonlight Sonata as his finale. It is also revealed that Mr. Paderewski's playing of this very same lovely melody two decades earlier had fortuitously brought Ingrid's own parents together, as well.


"The New York Times" wrote, "LONDON has at last seen "Moonlight Sonata," the film which Paderewski made at Denham last Summer for Lothar Mendez. It is an elegant little picture, set in a beautiful villa among the Swedish firs, and made with a dignity and simplicity worthy of the great figure for whom it was composed. The film begins with a concert at which Paderewski plays the whole of Liszt's Second Hungarian Rhapsody and the first movement of the Moonlight Sonata. Later in the film he plays his own Minuet. The recording of these pieces is excellent and the close-ups of the great pianist and of his hands are fascinating. For the rest he fits simply and unobtrusively into a simple story, speaking with slow precision and acting as naturally as if he were playing his part in real life" ; while Leonard Maltin gave the film two and a half out of four stars, and noted "Well-made but stodgy romance, set in household of Swedish baroness, is excuse for screen appearance by famous concert pianist."


</doc>
<doc id="44062323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062323" title="Songs She Wrote About People She Knows">
Songs She Wrote About People She Knows

Songs She Wrote About People She Knows is a Canadian musical comedy film, released in 2014. The solo directorial debut of Kris Elgstrand, the film stars Arabella Bushnell as Carol, a shy, repressed office worker who begins expressing her frustrations with her friends and coworkers in song after being encouraged by a music therapist to open up about her feelings.

Her song "Asshole Dave" leads her boss Dave (Brad Dryborough) to fire her, but also reignites his own faded dream of becoming a rock star, setting them both off on a journey of creative discovery in which they may need each other's help more than they expected. Bushnell described the film as a story about people finding themselves and connecting with each other without using sex to do it.

The film had its premiere screening on September 8, 2014 at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.

The film received three Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 4th Canadian Screen Awards in 2016, in the categories of Best Costume Design (Bushnell), Best Original Score (Chris Gestrin) and Best Original Song (Elgstrand for "Asshole Dave").


</doc>
<doc id="44062548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062548" title="The DUFF">
The DUFF

The DUFF is a 2015 American teen comedy film directed by Ari Sandel and written by Josh A. Cagan, based on the novel of the same name by Kody Keplinger with music by Dominic Lewis and produced by Susan Cartsonis, McG and Mary Viola. The film stars Mae Whitman, Robbie Amell, Bella Thorne, Nick Eversman, Skyler Samuels, Bianca Santos, Allison Janney, and Ken Jeong.

The film was distributed by Lionsgate and CBS Films and co-produced by Vast Entertainment, CBS Films and Wonderland Sound and Vision. It was released on February 20, 2015, by Lionsgate and CBS Films. It is the first film for which Lionsgate took over CBS Films' distribution functions.

Bianca is enjoying her senior year of high school in the suburbs of Atlanta, Georgia, with her two best friends, Jess and Casey, both of whom are significantly more popular than she is. She is also the neighbor and former childhood friend of Wesley, a star on the school's football team, with whom she had fallen out during high school. She has a crush on guitar-playing Toby, and reluctantly attends a party hosted by mean-girl Madison, hoping to talk to him. The party turns out to be a disaster for her, as it's there that Wesley unthinkingly reveals to her that she is the DUFF of her friend group, the Designated Ugly Fat Friend. The DUFF does not actually have to be ugly or fat, he explains, it's just the person in a social group who is less popular and more accessible than the others in the group. People exploit the DUFF to get to the popular people.

Bianca is insulted and devastated, but she soon realizes Wesley is right. The students in her high school are only interested in her as a way to get to Jess and Casey. She takes her anger out on Jess and Casey and "unfriends" them on social media and in person.

Bianca later overhears Wesley's science teacher Mr. Fillmore telling Wesley that unless he passes the midterm, he's off the football team, which could cost him his football scholarship. Desperate to change her social standing and go on a date with Toby, Bianca strikes a deal with Wesley—she'll help him pass science if he'll advise her how to stop being a DUFF. They have a fun time at a mall, attempting a makeover by buying new clothes. This backfires when Madison's minion records Bianca playing around in her new clothes and pretending that a mannequin is Toby. They create a video ridiculing Bianca and post it online leading to the entire school mocking her. It also becomes clear that Madison (a reality-TV wannabe) feels possessive of Wesley, her on-again off-again boyfriend, and is jealous of Bianca's relationship with him.

Wesley tells Bianca not to let the video destroy her. Instead, he suggests she own it and just be upfront with Toby by talking directly to him and asking him out. When Bianca sees Toby at school, she does ask him, and to her surprise he accepts. When Wesley becomes frustrated by the constant arguing between his parents, Bianca takes him to her favorite spot in the forest, her "think rock," to help him cope with a possible divorce. They kiss, but joke about it and pretend it didn't mean anything. At Bianca and Toby's date at his house, she finds herself thinking about Wesley, but tries to brush it off. She ultimately discovers that Toby is "Duffing" her—spending time with her in order to connect with Jess and Casey. She confronts Toby, finally seeing him for the shallow and superficial person he is, and leaves in tears. Seeking Wesley to talk with him about the date, she finds him at the thinking rock kissing Madison.

Angry with Toby and Wesley, she reunites with Jess and Casey who were genuine friends all along. They, along with her understanding mother Dottie, convince her to go to the homecoming dance with them, in an outfit they create together that incorporates elements of Bianca's previous wardrobe such as her flannel shirts. At the dance, Bianca, using previous advice from Wesley, tells him that she likes him. However, he informs her that he is back dating Madison. Madison approaches and begins to hurl insults at Bianca. Bianca tells Madison that we are all DUFFs who should be true to our own identities, and her bullying was just a reflection of her own insecurities about herself. Madison is crowned homecoming queen and Wesley is crowned king, but he hesitates and then rejects the title and kisses Bianca in front of the whole school. Bianca's article about homecoming and her experience is a hit with the students; Bianca is going to attend Northwestern University while Wesley goes to Ohio State. In the end, Bianca and Wesley are still together as a couple.

In November 2011, CBS Films acquired the rights to the novel of the same name by Kody Keplinger. Josh A Cagan was enlisted to adapt the book into a script. He decided to use the Kübler-Ross model of five emotional stages to make a better transition of the narrative part. The script featured on the Black List of best unproduced screenplays of 2011. Ari Sandel became attached to the project in May 2013. On April 9, 2014, Mae Whitman was cast in the lead. Author Kody Keplinger had envisioned Whitman in the role even before the book's release, after watching her on "Parenthood". On April 30, 2014, Bella Thorne joined the cast. On May 12, 2014, Ken Jeong joined the cast. On May 22, 2014, Skyler Samuels joined the cast. On May 27, 2014, Robbie Amell and Bianca A. Santos joined the cast. On June 10, 2014, Allison Janney joined the cast. Principal photography began in Atlanta, Georgia in June 2014 and ended on July 9, 2014. Shooting locations included Henry W. Grady High School, Marietta High School, Perimeter Mall, the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre, Stone Mountain Park, and Dave and Buster's (a restaurant, bar and game venue in Atlanta).

The official motion picture soundtrack for "The DUFF" was released digitally on February 17, 2015 by Island Records.
The film was released on February 20, 2015, by Lionsgate and CBS Films.

The film was released on digital HD on May 26, 2015, before the film's DVD and Blu-ray release on June 9, 2015, by Lionsgate Home Entertainment.

"The DUFF" grossed $43.5million, against a budget of $8.5million. In North America, the film opened to number five in its first weekend, with $10,809,149, behind "Fifty Shades of Grey", "", "", and "McFarland, USA".

"The DUFF" received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 72% based on 117 reviews, with an average rating of 6/10. The site's consensus states: ""The DUFF" doesn't achieve teen-movie greatness, but offers enough of a postmodern twist on the genre to recommend—and boasts typically great work from star Mae Whitman." On Metacritic the film has a weighted average score of 56 out of 100 based on 28 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade "A−" on scale of A to F.

Lindsey Bahr of the Associated Press gave the film a positive review, saying "While it's neither as biting as "Mean Girls" nor as sweetly referential as "Easy A", the earnest and sometimes amusing "The DUFF" is a fine addition to the canon." Sheri Linden of "The Hollywood Reporter" gave the film a positive review, saying "Its central pair of unlikely allies will engage young audiences' sympathy. They're smartly played by Mae Whitman and Robbie Amell, whose warmth and comic chops keep the movie buoyant." Kyle Smith of the "New York Post" gave the film two and a half stars out of four, saying "This winsome comedy is a little low in the stakes department, not to mention predictable, but it gets an "A" for charm." Kevin P. Sullivan of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a B-, saying ""The DUFF" won't stay with you far past its runtime. But as a vehicle, it's ample proof that we should be seeing more of Mae Whitman." Amy Nicholson of "LA Weekly" gave the film a C, saying ""The DUFF" doesn't seem to know what its point actually is. It's pro-self-acceptance and also pro-makeover. It's about liking yourself, and how you'd like yourself better with a boyfriend." Inkoo Kang of "TheWrap" gave the film a positive review, saying "Mae Whitman reveals herself to be one of the funniest actresses of her generation in a spot-on and endlessly quotable take on teenage 'dramz' in 2015." Michael Phillips of the "Chicago Tribune" gave the film two out of four stars, saying "You know what would be revolutionary? Making a really good movie about a three-dimensional teenage female character that doesn't start and finish with both eyes on the same old punishing character types."

Ann Hornaday of "The Washington Post" gave the film zero stars out of four, saying "What might have been a frank portrayal of high school culture and challenges ends up veering between being either too cynically hyper-sexual or preachy." Rafer Guzman of "Newsday" gave the film three and a half out of four stars, saying "A smart, funny, straight-talking teen movie in the John Hughes tradition. Oodles of charm from the young cast." Claudia Puig of "USA Today" gave the film two out of four stars, saying "Mae Whitman is the best thing here, and the funny actress deserves better material than what's offered in this derivative and superficial ode to teen self-acceptance." Betsy Sharkey of the "Los Angeles Times" gave the film a negative review, saying "Romance, or the desire to find someone special, isn't a bad thing—if it's not the only thing. But as it stands in 'DUFF,' the denouement at prom has cliché written all over it." Christy Lemire of RogerEbert.com gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Whitman displays flawless comic timing and consistently makes inspiring choices in terms of delivery, reaction, even the slightest facial expression. She shines confidently in a self-deprecating role, and it's irresistible." Bilge Ebiri of "New York" magazine gave the film a positive review, saying "Why is it so wonderful? Because wit and charm matter, and "The DUFF" has a good deal of both. The cast will be stars, the gags will be immortal, and you'll still be watching this movie years from now." David Lewis of the "San Francisco Chronicle" gave the film three out of four stars, saying "Sandel's film has heart, some good laughs and a decent message. In this age of cyberbullying, that's nothing to scoff at."



</doc>
<doc id="44062646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062646" title="Preggoland">
Preggoland

Preggoland is a 2014 Canadian comedy film directed by Jacob Tierney and written by Sonja Bennett. The film stars Bennett as Ruth, a 35-year-old single woman who falsely claims to be pregnant to deflect her friends' and family's mounting disapproval of her directionless, irresponsible lifestyle.

The film's cast also includes James Caan, Danny Trejo, Paul Campbell, Laura Harris, Jared Keeso, Lisa Durupt, Carrie Ruscheinsky and Denise Jones.

The film premiered on September 5, 2014 in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival.


The film had its world premiere on September 5, 2014 in the Special Presentations section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival. The film also screened at the Vancouver International Film Festival, Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival and Calgary International Film Festival.

The film had its US premiere on January 28, 2015 at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival.

The film's Canadian distribution rights were acquired by Mongrel Media, who will handle the film's theatrical release in Canada in spring 2015. Following the film's premiere at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival, Lightning Entertainment acquired the film's international distribution rights.

The film was nominated for Best Canadian Feature Film and won the Most Popular Canadian Film Award at the 2014 Vancouver International Film Festival. In January 2015, the film was nominated for Best British Columbia Film at the Vancouver Film Critics Circle Awards. In March 2015 the film won the Best Screenplay Award at the Fargo Film Festival and won the Audience Choice Award for Best Feature at the Omaha Film Festival.



</doc>
<doc id="44062839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062839" title="Birth of a Giant">
Birth of a Giant

Birth of a Giant (Naissance d'un géant in French) is a 29-minute 1957 Canadian documentary film, directed by Hugh O'Connor and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) television series, "Perspective". The film depicts the role of story of the conception, construction and testing of the Canadair Argus aircraft, designed as a maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft for the Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF). The title is an acknowledgement, that at the time, the Argus was the largest aircraft ever built in Canada.

In 1954, the RCAF issues specifications for a new maritime patrol and anti-submarine aircraft. In order to comply with the RCAF's requirements, the Canadair aircraft company in Montreal, begins a re-design of the Bristol Britannia airliner. A prototype of the giant aircraft begins to take shape alongside the other aircraft in production at the Canadair factory. As each individual component is designed and tested, the aircraft given the company designation, CL-28, proves to be a complex technological challenge. Many of the specialized parts are sent to sub-contractors who have to meet stringent timelines and quality standards. As problems arise, computer analysis is available to provide solutions.

All through the construction process, representatives of the RCAF check the engineering mock-up as well as the first prototype Argus (coded VN-710) to ensure that the finished product meets their needs. When the prototype emerges from the assembly bay on day 175, it is newly christened as the "Argus". Company test pilots successfully carry out the maiden flight, the start of a lengthy period of testing. After years of planning, design and construction, the first Argus (20710) is accepted by the RCAF.

"Birth of a Giant" was part of the NFB's series of documentary short films for the CBC TV series "Perspective" that ran from 1956–58. Each half-hour program, produced by the National Film Board included both documentaries and dramatic productions. Most episodes concerned contemporary issues in Canada, although several involved international incidents or topics such as life in Haiti. A small number of the "Perspective" series were historical reconstructions. Generals Wolfe and Montcalm at the Battle of the Plains of Abraham was one example.

A close working relationship with Canadair allowed the NFB to chronicle the development of the Argus. Many of the key staff in the company played their parts as themselves, while the aircraft went through its gestation period from 1954 to rollout in 1956 and first test flight on March 28, 1957. The aerial sequences included footage shot from accompanying aircraft as well as from inside the Argus as it went through its paces during testing.

"Birth of a Giant" was primarily made-for-television, but after broadcast on November 24, 1957 on the CBC, was made available on 16 mm, to schools, libraries and other interested parties. The film was also made available to film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities. Excepts from "Birth of a Giant" appeared in other NFB productions, including "The Golden Age" (1959).

Although available from the National Film Board either online or as a DVD, "Birth of a Giant" is now largely forgotten. A recent analysis emphasized the historical value of the film. "For those interested in the formative years of the Cold War and the Canadian aircraft that figured so prominently in it ..."



</doc>
<doc id="44062929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062929" title="Tru Love (film)">
Tru Love (film)

Tru Love is a 2013 Canadian drama film written, directed and produced by Kate Johnston and Shauna MacDonald.

Tru, 37, is a serial bed-hopping lesbian who cannot commit to a relationship or a job for long.

Restless by nature and wounded by the past, she seems to live from pillar to post, from mattress to mattress, bobbing along through life with no anchor to ground her. She gets by on her wits, her considerable good looks and charm — but at her age, it is all starting to wear a little thin.

Then she meets Alice, 60, a beautiful widow, who has come to town at the last minute to visit her daughter Suzanne, a too-busy corporate lawyer. Suzanne, 35, is Tru’s friend.

When Tru meets Alice, sparks fly and Alice and Tru begin forging an unlikely friendship…and more. Suzanne, who has a deeply conflicted relationship with her mother and a complicated and a secret past with Tru, becomes increasingly alarmed at the growing bond between Tru and Alice.

After Suzanne witnesses an intimate moment between the two, feeling jealous and threatened, she tries to sabotage the budding romance. But it backfires, as Tru Love is hard to contain . . .

"Tru Love" has received worldwide critical acclaim, winning 15 international awards.

Raindance Film Festival, UK Review “Kate Johnston and Shauna MacDonald’s TRU LOVE is a sparkling and evocative love story about the intersecting lives of three women. Alice has recently lost her husband and, still coming to terms, has on the spur of the moment decided to visit her daughter Suzanne in the big city. When Suzanne —whose relationship with her mother is already conflicted —is too busy to spend time with her, she enlists friend Tru to babysit Alice while she works. A commitment-phobic lesbian, Tru forms an unlikely but deeply touching bond with Alice, helping her to pick herself up and move on with her life and the possibility of a relationship between the two sparks into life. When Suzanne witnesses a tender moment between mother and friend her subsequent actions stress the relationship of all three women, leading to a heartbreaking climax. Movies about loss, about love, are all too common and it takes something particularly special to truly standout within the genre. In capturing the emotions of loss, love and acceptance so provocatively and accurately —both in the script and the performances, TRU LOVE is one of those rare standouts.” —Mark Rogers

"Tru Love" was distributed in Canada by IndieCan Entertainment, and internationally by Wolfe Releasing. It was released as VOD on October 7, 2014, and in DVD by Wolfe Video on November 4, 2014.




</doc>
<doc id="44062945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44062945" title="Dad's Army (2016 film)">
Dad's Army (2016 film)

Dad's Army is a 2016 British war comedy film, based on the BBC television sitcom "Dad's Army". Directed by Oliver Parker, set in 1944, after the events depicted in the television series. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays an elegant German spy, posing as a journalist, reporting on the Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon. 

The production design was by Simon Bowles, and the cinematography by Christopher Ross. The film was released on 5 February 2016 in the United Kingdom by Universal Pictures. DVD and Blu-ray released in the United Kingdom on 13 June 2016. It received mostly negative reviews from critics. When the film was released in the United Kingdom, it opened on #2, behind "Goosebumps".

It is the summer of 1944, and the invasion of Normandy is approaching. Nazi forces in France, seeking intelligence on the invasion location, send their best spy to a town on England's channel coastline, Walmington-on-Sea. In the town, Captain Mainwaring's Home Guard is suffering from a lack of luck and appreciation. 

This is until an elegant journalist, Rose Winters, arrives to report on the platoon's motives and activities, allegedly for "The Lady" magazine. The platoon are charmed by her presence, especially Captain Mainwaring and Sergeant Wilson, causing feuds with the townsfolk, especially the platoon's wives. Adding to tensions, it emerges that Sergeant Wilson was Rose Winters' tutor at Oxford University. 

Meanwhile, MI5 detect a radio signal transmitted from Walmington-on-Sea towards Berlin, believed to be from the Nazi spy. MI5's Major Cunningham and Captain Meeks locate Captain Mainwaring and inform him of the enemy presence, stating "it could be anyone". This news gives the Home Guard a chance to locate the spy and make a real difference in the war. They meet Winters who poses as a journalist while they are practising a routine of catch the Nazi after Wilson is chosen to play the Nazi. 

While accompanying the platoon on a patrol, designated Top Secret by the British Army, Winters discovers the Dover base is intended to deceive German air reconnaissance, part of the (real) Operation Bodyguard. Winters now knows the invasion will target Normandy. As the platoon searches for the spy, Rose claims it is Sergeant Wilson. Captain Mainwaring believes Rose and arrests Wilson. 

However, Private Godfrey's sisters investigate Rose and find evidence questioning her journalist credentials and that Rose has a home address in Berlin. The platoon and their wives rally to stop Winters and exchange fire with a German U-boat and a Wehrmacht landing party who are helping Winters escape. 

The U-boat flees without Winters boarding. Mainwaring heroically arrests Winters and hands her over to MI5. The troop then parade through Walmington, having fought off the Nazis, and are congratulated by Colonel Theakes. Mainwaring and Wilson reconcile. Theakes underlines the platoon success by telling them they have played a prominent part in the war effort.

Ian Lavender makes a cameo as Brigadier Pritchard, providing a link with the original series, and Frank Williams reprises his role as the Vicar. 

The regular series character of the Verger Maurice Yeatman was not recreated for the film. Mrs. Mainwaring, who was a completely unseen character for the whole of the original series, now has a prominently visible role in the film, where she is portrayed as a Chief Volunteer of the local Auxiliary Territorial Service, and is even more pompous, domineering and vociferous than her husband.

Filming began in Yorkshire in October 2014. Principal photography took place at North Landing, Flamborough Head and Bridlington. The East Riding Theatre in Beverley was used for Church Hall/Parade room and Captain Mainwaring's office. Sections of the film were also captured in Leeds and Pickering. Jones' van from the original television series, on loan from the Dad's Army Museum, was used in the film.

"Dad's Army" has received generally negative reviews from critics, though Toby Jones' performance was praised. The film currently has a 32% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, based on 34 reviews, with an average rating of 4.94. 

On Metacritic, it has a score of 38 out of 100, based on seven critics, which indicates "generally unfavourable reviews". Sean O'Grady, of "The Independent", gave the film a five star review, remarking that rather than threatening the series' legacy, it "surpasses the original", calling it a "well crafted reproduction" containing all the elements that made the original so clever, durable and loveable.

Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" was less convinced, giving it two stars, stating that "it’s hard to escape the sinking feeling that this is a waste of talent — that this is a good natured, well meaning but pointless kind of Brit comedy ancestor worship; paying elaborate homage to a TV show that got it right the first time."

"Empire" rated it two stars describing the plot as "moderately entertaining bunkum" and that "as a whole it's an inessential oddity — amiable enough but also over reverential and unlikely to leave a lasting impression".



</doc>
<doc id="44064446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44064446" title="Strawberry Fields (2011 film)">
Strawberry Fields (2011 film)

Strawberry Fields is a 2011 light psycho-drama film directed by Frances Lea and starring Anna Madeley, Emun Elliott, and Christine Bottomley. It is set in the Kent countryside of England during the summer fruit picking season. It was filmed entirely on location in Kent county, and the background reflects the extensive fruit growing economy of Kent (sometimes called the Garden of England).

The plot follows the exploits of two sisters, Gillian and Emily, recently bereaved by the death of their mother, and with a long history of a strained and troubled relationship. Both sisters have psychological problems, the results of which provide the key story lines for the film. The cast are all itinerant fruit pickers on the fictional Rymans Farm. Kev, an older Scottish picker (played by Emun Elliott) who has grandiose but unfulfilled plans for his future, and Fabio (played by Jonathan Bonnici), a headstrong and sexually demanding young Italian picker, provide the material for the underlying sexual tension of the film. At heart the principal storyline follows Gillian's attempts to escape from Emily, frustrated by her own conflicting desire to care for her mentally ill sister.

The film was produced by Spring Pictures, working in association with Film London, BBC Films, Screen South, Screen East, MetFilm, and the Kent County Council Film Office. Additional funding was provided by the National Lottery through the UK Film Council, and the office of the Mayor of London.

The production filmed at Foxbury Farm in Sevenoaks and Shellness, Leysdown in Kent.


</doc>
<doc id="44067307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44067307" title="Ghostbusters (2016 film)">
Ghostbusters (2016 film)

Ghostbusters (later marketed as Ghostbusters: Answer the Call) is a 2016 supernatural comedy film directed by Paul Feig and written by Feig and Katie Dippold. It stars Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones, and Chris Hemsworth. It is a reboot of the 1984 film of the same name and the third film, overall, in "Ghostbusters" franchise. The story focuses on four women and their assistant (Hemsworth) who begin a ghost-catching business in New York City.

A third "Ghostbusters" film had been in various stages of development following the release of "Ghostbusters II" in 1989. As a result of original cast member Bill Murray's refusal to commit to the project and the death of fellow cast member Harold Ramis in 2014, Sony decided to instead reboot the series. Many of the original film's cast make cameo appearances in new roles. The announcement of the female-led cast in 2015 drew a polarized response from the public and internet backlash, leading to the film's IMDb page and associated YouTube videos receiving low ratings prior to the film's release.

Distributed by Columbia Pictures, the film premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on July 9, 2016, and was released in the United States on July 15, 2016, in 2D, 3D, RealD 3D and IMAX 3D. The film grossed $229 million worldwide. However, due to its combined production and marketing budget of over $350 million, the film ended up being a box office bomb, with losses of up to $125 million for the studio. Consequently, the studio abandoned plans for a sequel, eventually opting to instead.

Physicists Abby Yates and Erin Gilbert are authors of a research book which posits the existence of paranormal phenomena, such as ghosts. While Abby continued to study the paranormal at a technical college with eccentric engineer Jillian Holtzmann, Erin, now a professor at Columbia University, disowned the work, fearing it might jeopardize her tenure. When Abby republishes the book, Erin convinces her to agree to remove the book from publication in exchange for helping Abby and Jillian in a paranormal investigation. They witness a malevolent ghost, restoring Erin's belief in the paranormal, but video footage of the investigation is posted online, and Erin is fired by the university. She joins Abby and Jillian to set up new offices above a Chinese restaurant, calling themselves "Conductors of the Metaphysical Examination". They build equipment to study and capture ghosts, and hire the dimwitted but handsome Kevin Beckman as a receptionist.

MTA staffer Patty Tolan witnesses a ghost in a subway line and contacts the group. They document the ghost and successfully test Jillian's proton containment laser, but their findings are again dismissed. They continue to develop their technology and advertise their services with the name pundits have labeled them, "Ghostbusters". Patty joins the team, providing historical knowledge of New York City and a repurposed hearse, "Ecto-1".

Unbeknownst to the Ghostbusters, the ghosts are being summoned by devices built by Rowan North, an occultist attempting to bring about the apocalypse. When Rowan plants another device at a live music venue, the Ghostbusters are called in and capture the ghost in front of the audience. When supernatural debunker Dr. Martin Heiss challenges the Ghostbusters, the incensed Erin releases the ghost as proof; it throws Heiss out a window and escapes. The Ghostbusters are brought to Mayor Bradley and his secretary Jennifer Lynch, who reveal that the city and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are aware of New York's ghost problem. While privately supporting the team's work, the mayor's office and the DHS publicly denounce them as fraudsters.

The Ghostbusters realize that Rowan is planting his devices along ley lines, which intersect at the Mercado Hotel in Times Square, a site with a history of paranormal activity, and discover Rowan building a portal to the ghost dimension in the hotel basement. To avoid capture, Rowan commits suicide by electrocuting himself, after which Jillian deactivates the portal. Erin discovers an annotated copy of her and Abby's book among Rowan's possessions and realizes that he killed himself so he could become a ghost and command a spirit army. Rowan returns as a powerful ghost, possessing Abby and then Kevin. As Kevin, he opens the portal and releases hundreds of ghosts. The police and DHS are subdued, but the Ghostbusters fight through the army of ghosts to reach the portal.

Rowan takes the form of the ghost in the Ghostbusters' logo, grows to enormous height, and attacks the city. The team devises a plan to use Ecto-1's nuclear reactor to close the portal and return the ghosts to their own dimension. The plan succeeds, but Rowan drags Abby into the portal with him; Erin leaps into the portal and rescues her as Rowan is obliterated. The mayor's office agrees to secretly fund the Ghostbusters' research while continuing to publicly denounce them as frauds. With new funding, the Ghostbusters move to a better facility, a disused fire house. New York lights up with thanks and tributes to the Ghostbusters. Patty hears something unusual in a recording and asks: "Who is 'Zuul'?"


Original "Ghostbusters" cast members Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Ernie Hudson, Sigourney Weaver, and Annie Potts, and director Ivan Reitman appear as ghost debunker Martin Heiss, a taxi driver, Patty's uncle Bill Jenkins, Holtzmann's mentor Rebecca Gorin, hotel receptionist Vanessa, and a passerby. Karan Soni, Bess Rous, Eugene Cordero, and Milana Vayntrub, who co-starred with Casey on director Paul Feig's series "Other Space", portray deliveryman Benny, the ghost of Gertrude Aldridge, a bass guitarist, and a woman attacked by rat ghosts.

Also appearing as ghosts are Dave Allen as the electrocuted ghost, Steve Bannos as the flasher ghost, Robin Shelby as the voice of Lady Slimer, and Adam Ray as the voice of Slimer, who also portrays the lead singer of a band. Additionally, Steve Higgins plays Thomas Shanks, Michael McDonald plays Jonathan, Zach Woods plays Garett, Nate Corddry plays Leif, Toby Huss plays Officer Stevenson, Katie Dippold plays a rental agent, Sam Richardson plays a police officer, and Jessica Chaffin and Jamie Denbo play waitresses. Ozzy Osbourne, Al Roker, Pat Kiernan, Greg Kelly, and Rosanna Scotto portray themselves.

A third "Ghostbusters" film had been in various stages of development following the release of "Ghostbusters II" in 1989. Bill Murray, who played Ghostbuster Peter Venkman in the original films, was reluctant to participate as he felt "Ghostbusters II" had been lackluster and was critical of new scripts he had read. Murray later clarified that his reluctance was also in part due to his relationship with Columbia Pictures and Sony, rather than any of his co-stars from the first two films. Dan Aykroyd, who co-starred in and co-wrote the original films, stated that the studio was aware that "without Murray there may be nothing there" for a sequel, and was considering a way to introduce a new generation of Ghostbusters.

One script, "Ghostbusters 3: Hellbent", written by Aykroyd in 1999, had Venkman leaving the Ghostbusters to spend time with Sigourney Weaver's character Dana Barrett; the remaining Ghostbusters, including a new younger member, fought souls that had been evicted from a hellish version of Manhattan known as Manhelltan. The "Hellbent" script was revised as "Ghostbusters in Hell", with plans to replace Murray with Ben Stiller. The story had the Ghostbusters finding a portal to an alternate dimension in which "all the worst things about modern urban life" are "magnified"; traffic is stuck in perpetual gridlock and no two people speak the same language. Another story idea had Venkman transformed into a ghost.

While the third film remained in development, "" was developed by Terminal Reality and released in 2009. Aykroyd and Harold Ramis, cowriters of the original films, used the game to explore the Ghostbusters history; all four original actors, including Murray, voiced their characters, along with other actors from the original films. Aykroyd considered the game "essentially the third movie". The game sold over a million units, prompting Columbia Pictures to move forward on the "Ghostbusters" franchise. Ramis stated that the new film would feature the original Ghostbusters but introduce new characters in a script written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky, who had cowritten his 2009 comedy "Year One." The movie was set to be filmed in 2010 and released in 2011.

Around March 2010, while the new script was being developed, "Vulture" reported that Columbia wanted to target a younger audience and that original "Ghostbusters" director Ivan Reitman was under pressure to step down in place of a younger director. Reitman, along with Murray, Aykroyd, and Ramis, had long-standing contracts in place with Columbia that effectively allow any of them to veto the development of a "Ghostbusters" film. Murray had told "GQ" in 2010 that he felt the script written by Eisenberg and Stupnitsky was poor and "that dream just vaporized", but said that Columbia was pressuring him to make it. Aykroyd defended the script, saying that it offered Murray "the comic role of a lifetime". In January 2012 Aykroyd stated that the film was in "suspended animation" as Murray was still uncooperative. Aykroyd refused to recast the role as he would not make a film that "exploits the franchise". By July 2012, the Eisenberg and Stupnitsky script had been discarded and new writers were working on a script.

Murray's reluctance to commit to the project resulted in the decision to reboot the franchise instead. In September 2012, Reitman suggested a remake of the original "Ghostbusters", which would allow them to introduce a new cast. Reitman was working on a "Ghostbusters" reboot that would be written by Reitman, Etan Cohen, and Aykroyd and filmed in 2013. Following Ramis's death in February 2014, Reitman left the director role to focus on smaller projects, but remained a producer to help Columbia and Sony find a new director for the film. At this point, the script featured the original Ghostbusters in minor roles.

"Variety" and "The Hollywood Reporter" reported in August 2014 that Paul Feig had been selected as director and the reboot would feature an all-female cast. Feig announced the film and his involvement in October 2014, along with co-writer Katie Dippold, and confirmed his intention to have the film "star hilarious women". Feig stated that he was partly inspired by the TV series "The Walking Dead", adding that his goal was to "tell a story you haven't seen before. Or tell a story you've seen before, but in a way you haven't seen it."

Feig said that Sony Pictures Entertainment's co-chairman Amy Pascal had been pushing for comedy writers to produce a script for a new "Ghostbusters" film for some time, but he believed that most of these writers, like himself, did not want to ruin the canon of the original films. He also wanted to avoid a premise similar to "Ghostbusters II", in which the Ghostbusters have to lose their success to begin a new story. This led to the idea of a reboot featuring a new set of characters, an idea that Pascal agreed with.

In January 2015, Feig confirmed his intention to use Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon, and Leslie Jones in the lead roles. At that point, McCarthy had already committed to the film while Sony was in negotiations with the other three actresses. Emma Stone was approached to star but declined partly because she did not want to commit to a franchise. Cecily Strong, who appears in a supporting role, was also considered for a leading role. Aykroyd stated that he and his family were "delighted by this inheritance of the "Ghostbusters" torch by these most magnificent women in comedy."

Bill Murray cameos in the film. Prior to the film, Murray's reluctance to participate in another "Ghostbusters" project due to his relationship with Sony had hampered efforts for a third film to be made. In a 2019 interview, he stated that his decision to participate in the film was because of his friendships with McCarthy and McKinnon and felt it important to support their project.

Principal photography on the film began on June 17, 2015, in Boston. Feig and the set dressers Carolyn Lassek and Claudia Bonfe consulted with MIT physicists before shooting. On June 29, 2015, Feig tweeted the costumes of the four Ghostbusters. Filming also took place in Chinatown, Boston for a few days in early July 2015. On August 17, 2015, Hemsworth was spotted filming some scenes on the "Ghostbusters" bike. After finishing at the old Naval Air Station in South Weymouth, Massachusetts, filming began in Tribeca in New York City on September 12. On September 15, filming was taking place in Waltham, Massachusetts. Filming also took place outside of Columbia University in New York. Filming wrapped on September 19, 2015, in New York City. The subway scenes were filmed on a sound stage, as there is no Seward Street station in the New York City Subway. Reshoots happened in Los Angeles in May 2016, and included new scenes that served as a metafictional comment on the Internet controversy the film gathered.

Six companies dealt with the 1,700 visual effects shots, under the supervision of Pete Travers. The main studios were Sony Pictures Imageworks, with 300 shots that included the climactic Times Square sequence and all the proton beams, Moving Picture Company (MPC), with 250 shots that centered around the final battle which included Rowan's monster form, and Australian company Iloura, with 500 shots encompassing various ghosts. While the majority of the work involved computer-generated imagery, there was an attempt to use various practical effects akin to the original movies, with Travers explaining it was done "not to pay homage, but because it was the best way to achieve the effect."

Stand-ins for the ghosts were created on the set for the actors to interact with, including actresses suspended by wires, drones as references for flying ghosts, a Slimer puppet and giant balloons for a Stay Puft Marshmallow Man parade balloon. As the ghosts in the film glow, the doubles were covered in light-emitting diodes to provide lighting references for the effects crew.

The climactic Times Square sequence, which starts with the antagonist proclaiming "Welcome to the glory days of New York City", used special effects to transform it into a bygone mix of stores, buildings and billboards dating back through the decades. These included the Bond Clothing Store, neon signs for the defunct airlines Braniff International Airways (ended in 1982) and BOAC (ended in 1974), billboards advertising the release of the 1976 film "Taxi Driver", the 1971 film "Isle of the Snake People", and the 1962 to 1964 Broadway theatre production of "Beyond the Fringe". The scene also included a combination of the Sony, Canadian Club, and Coca-Cola neon signs that lit up Times Square in different eras, marquees for the long departed Times Square movie theatres showing pornography films and the 1971 film "Fists of Fury", and other chronological anachronisms.

Ghostbusters (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack album released on July 15, 2016, by RCA Records. It includes singles by Elle King, G-Eazy, and 5 Seconds of Summer.

Ghostbusters (Original Motion Picture Score) is the film score, composed by Theodore Shapiro. It was available for digital download on July 8, 2016, and released on CD on July 15, 2016, by Sony Classical Records.

"Ghostbusters" received criticism from social media users following word of Feig's involvement and the all-female cast, which some felt was a "gimmick". On its first day of release, the first trailer for the film collected 12,000 "likes" and 13,800 "dislikes" from YouTube viewers which, according to David Griner of "Ad Week" made it "one of the most polarizing in recent memory". By May 2016, the trailer had become the most disliked film trailer on YouTube and the ninth-most-disliked YouTube video, with 280,000 likes to over one million dislikes. ScreenCrush described the reaction as a campaign "to downvote [the film] into oblivion" by "a certain subset of people on the internet [with] an unhealthy fixation with hating on the "Ghostbusters" remake". In one interview, Melissa McCarthy felt it was a "very, very, very tiny, tiny group of people" who were misogynistic. Other reasons proposed for the negative reaction to the trailer included a lack of interest in reboots, nostalgia for the original film, and a perceived lack of humor in the trailer. The film's IMDb page was also subject to a coordinated effort to lower its rating prior to the film's release.

Todd Martens of the "Los Angeles Times" suggested that fans felt "entitled" to a film that preserved the original as they imagined it. In an interview with Mashable, Ivan Reitman said "I think there’s way too much talk about gender [when it comes to this film]", and "I think that many of the people who were complaining were actually lovers of the [original] movie, not haters of women." Some saw the portrayal of Leslie Jones' character, a "street-smart New Yorker", as a stereotype of African Americans. Jones responded to this criticism on Twitter writing, "Why can't a regular person be a Ghostbuster?" Elizabeth Flock, writing for PBS, said that the vote brigading targeted at the film may have been motivated by racism toward Jones.

Journalists from "The Washington Post" and "The Atlantic" stated that a majority of the criticism constituted misogynistic and anti-feminist comments in regard to the all-female cast. Wiig was "bummed out" that "there was so much controversy because we were women." Feig said he believed a group of fans had "real issues with women. But there’s also a huge group of people who are just concerned about the property, and I completely understand. I’m completely sympathetic to that." In May 2016, additional scenes were shot for the film which served as a meta-reference to the Internet controversy. In those scenes, the characters upload a video to YouTube and react to unpleasant comments left by viewers.

Filmmaker James Rolfe declared that he would not see the new film and disliked how it was based in a new universe with no continuity to the previous films. Brooks Barnes of "The New York Times" and Daniel Friedman of "Polygon" considered Rolfe's views an example of "fan entitlement", criticizing his haste to judge the film without seeing it and his lack of concern for other remakes of films he admired, such as "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". Rolfe became the subject of personal attacks online for his position; according to commentators for "The Washington Post", "Salon", and "Polygon", though Rolfe had not mentioned gender, many people considered his motivation misogynistic. Despite this, in Rolfe's video, he had explicitly stated that he had no problem with the female cast, and that the problem for him was that the film was taking a beloved series of his and remaking it without any of the heart. Richard Roeper's negative review of the film was also met with criticism on social media and from "Salon", who accused him of male bias. Roeper responded: "How insulting would it be to give a film a pass because of good intentions and diversity in the casting? That’s not equal treatment; that’s condescension." Journalists from "The Atlantic" and "NBC News" saw the controversy as part of the culture war and gender divide engaged across social media. They, along with Feig, noted commonalities to the events and reactions of the Gamergate controversy in video games.

Following the release of the film, cast member Leslie Jones became the target of racist and sexist abuse on Twitter. A number of users, including Feig, showed support for Jones and criticized Twitter's handling of the situation. Feig tweeted: "Fuck the haters. And haters, attack me all you want but when you attack and insult my cast, you've crossed the line. Grow up and leave my cast alone." On July 19, Twitter suspended the account of then "Breitbart" writer Milo Yiannopoulos, who had criticized Jones, allegedly for abusive behavior over the previous 48 hours. Conversely, Jones and her character in the film were also accused of promoting negative stereotypes about black people.

While speaking at Vulture Festival LA in November 2017, Feig expressed regret that the social issues surrounding "Ghostbusters" negatively impacted its public perception and commercial performance, stating that "I think it kind of hampered us a little bit because the movie became so much of a cause. I think for some of our audience, they were like, 'What the fuck? We don't wanna go to a cause. We just wanna watch a fuckin' movie'"; however, he expressed satisfaction with his work on the film and defended it, explaining "It was a great regret in my life that the movie didn't do better, 'cause I really loved it. It's not a perfect movie. None of my movies are perfect. I liked what we were doing with it. It was only supposed to be there to entertain people".

"Ghostbusters" premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on July 9, 2016. It was theatrically released on July 11, 2016, in the United Kingdom and on July 15, 2016, in the United States. The film was not released in the Chinese market, with a Chinese executive reporting that China Film Group Corporation believed it was "not really that attractive to Chinese audiences. Most of the Chinese audience didn't see the first and second movies, so they don't think there's much market for it here."

The first "Ghostbusters" trailer was released on March 3, 2016. It was viewed 24 million times in 24 hours on Facebook and YouTube, and more than 60 million times across all social media platforms in its first week.

Original "Ghostbusters" cast members Murray, Aykroyd, Hudson and Potts joined the new cast on the June 8, 2016, episode of "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", which was entirely dedicated to the new film.

Sony partnered with Snapchat to promote the film with "busting" and "sliming" features. The filter, which features the Ghostbusters logo, allows users to shoot at the character Slimer with their front-facing cameras and a virtual proton pack. In addition, 10-second video teaser ads ran within Snapchat's Discover section.
A novelization of the film, written by Nancy Holder, was published by Tor Books in 2016.

The end credits use the title "Ghostbusters: Answer the Call." Feig said this was added by the studio, who wanted to avoid confusion by having two films with the title "Ghostbusters". He rejected the title "Ghostbusters 2016", feeling it would date it. The studio chose "Answer the Call"; according to Feig, "I just said, 'Don’t put it on the front of the movie. If you put it on the end, I don’t care.'"

"Ghostbusters" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D and Ultra HD Blu-ray on October 11, 2016.

"Ghostbusters" grossed $128.3 million in North America and $100.8 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $229.1 million, with a net production budget of $144 million. Due to the large amount spent on marketing, the studio stated that the film would need to gross at least $300 million to break even. Before the release, director Paul Feig stated, "A movie like this has to at least get to like $500 million worldwide, and that’s probably low."

"The Hollywood Reporter" estimated the film's financial losses would be over $70 million. A representative of Sony found this loss estimate to be "way off," saying: "With multiple revenue streams [...] the bottom line, even before co-financing, is not even remotely close to that number." According to "Variety", sources familiar with the film's financing estimate the total loss to be about $75 million, of which, due to co-financing with Village Roadshow, Sony would lose about $50 million. Sony insiders have projected, along with co-financing, a total loss of about $25 million. Bloomberg News estimated the film lost $58.6 million. By August 2016, sources such as "Forbes" and "The Wall Street Journal" had begun calling "Ghostbusters" a box office bomb. The film's performance contributed to Sony taking a $1 billion writedown in January 2017.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened Friday, July 15, across 3,963 theaters, earning $17.2 million on its first day, including $3.4 million it made from Thursday preview screenings. The film earned $46 million in its opening weekend, finishing second at the box office behind "The Secret Life of Pets" ($50.8 million). It procured the biggest opening weekend ever for director Feig and star Melissa McCarthy and was the biggest live-action comedy debut since "Pitch Perfect 2" in May 2015. In its second weekend the film dropped 54% to $21 million (compared to the first film increasing in its sophomore week by 11%), dropping to 5th at the box office.

Outside North America, "Ghostbusters" earned $19.1 million in its opening weekend from a handful of markets on 3,900 screens. IMAX contributed $1 million from 105 IMAX screens. It had number one openings in the United Kingdom and Republic of Ireland ($6.1 million), number one in Australia ($3.7 million), and number three in Brazil ($2.2 million). It debuted at number one on the DVD and Blu-ray charts after its release on home media in North America.

In a June 2017 television appearance, Aykroyd blamed the film's underperformance on Feig. According to Aykroyd, Feig refused to shoot additional scenes requested by Aykroyd and Sony until test screenings demonstrated they were necessary, costing an additional $30–40 million in reshoots (although Sony claimed reshoots only cost $3–4 million). He wrote a few days later: "Paul Feig made a good movie and had a superb cast and plenty of money to do it. We just wish he had been more inclusive to the originators. It cost everyone as it is unlikely Kristen, Leslie, Melissa and Kate will ever reprise their roles as Ghostbusters which is sad."

On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, "Ghostbusters" has an approval rating of 74%, based on 376 reviews, with an average rating of 6.49/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Ghostbusters" does an impressive job of standing on its own as a freewheeling, marvelously cast supernatural comedy—even if it can't help but pale somewhat in comparison with the classic original." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 60 out of 100, based on 52 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale. Viewers under 18 gave it a higher score of "A-". Audiences surveyed by PostTrak gave a 57% "definite recommend".

Manohla Dargis of "The New York Times" praised the film as "that rarest of big-studio offerings—a movie that is a lot of enjoyable, disposable fun." In "The Guardian", Nigel M. Smith awarded the film four out of five stars and wrote that the "mean-spirited reception to the film before anyone had seen it does not seem to have put a dampener on the movie itself. Fun oozes from almost every frame; likewise the energy of a team excited to be revolutionising the blockbuster landscape." Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a positive review, praising the characters but feeling CGI was overused. J.R. Kinnard of "PopMatters" praised the performances and the lack of cynicism, but concluded that "it feels like a safe, flavorless recipe prepared from gourmet ingredients." "The Village Voice" said the film "suffers from the anxiety of influence" of the original, but praised the actors. Mara Reinstein of "US Weekly" gave the film 2.5 stars out of 4, commending its actors but criticizing its "lazy script that takes forever to get going" and "uninspired" action sequences.

"Observer" critic Mark Kermode awarded the film three out of five stars and wrote that "it would have been great to report that the finished film is good enough to shut the bigoted naysayers up once and for all [...] The harsh truth is that it isn't", feeling that the film was "generally likeable but uneven." Richard Lawson, writing for "Vanity Fair", said the film "spends so much time doing battle with its legacy that it forgets to be its own movie, putting a talented cast to waste and marking another disappointment in this dreadful summer movie season." James Berardinelli felt it was mediocre, and, like many recent comedies, "too long and not funny enough". Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film one out of four stars, criticizing its acting, script, and "cheesy" special effects. In his radio review, Roeper said that the film was one of the worst movies of the year, rating it a D−.

After its opening weekend, Sony's president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer, told TheWrap that "while nothing has been officially announced, there's no doubt in [his] mind [a sequel] will happen." He also said that "Ghostbusters" was expected to become an important Sony franchise. The principal cast and Feig had signed on for two sequels.

On August 10, 2016, "The Hollywood Reporter" expressed doubts about a sequel due to the film's box office performance. Box office analyst Jeff Bock said, "I just can't fathom the creative talents behind it—Feig, McCarthy, Wiig, etc—slogging out another one when the reception to the first one was so mediocre."

In an October 2016 interview, Feig told "Bustle" that a sequel was not in the works, but could be possible if the film performed well on its home release. By November, Feig confirmed that a direct sequel would not be made due to the film's mediocre box office performance.

The same month, Reitman stated in an interview that other "Ghostbusters" projects were in development. Prior to Reitman's announcement, an animated series, "Ghostbusters: Ecto Force", was stated to be targeting an early 2018 debut. Reitman further clarified plans for future animated films within the "Ghostbusters" franchise during the July 2017 San Diego Comic-Con, including having one set from the viewpoint of the ghosts rather than the Ghostbusters, as well as a work to potentially tie in to the 35th anniversary of the original film in 2019.
In December 2016, IDW Publishing announced that it would release a six-part limited series comic, "Ghostbusters 101", featuring the original Ghostbusters teaming up with the 2016 team. The first issue was released in March 2017. A five-issue limited series, "Ghostbusters: Answer the Call", which continues the adventures of the 2016 team, began in October 2017.

In November 2018, Dan Aykroyd, on an appearance on AXS TV's "The Big Interview" with Dan Rather, announced that the script for "Ghostbusters 3" was still being written, saying there is "a possibility of a reunion with the three remaining Ghostbusters".




</doc>
<doc id="44067413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44067413" title="Cowspiracy">
Cowspiracy

Cowspiracy: The Sustainability Secret is a 2014 documentary film which explores the impact of animal agriculture on the environment, and investigates the policies of environmental organizations on this issue. The film looks at various environmental concerns, including global warming, water use, deforestation, and ocean dead zones, and suggests that animal agriculture is the primary source of environmental destruction.

The Union of Concerned Scientists has disputed the film's assertion that the majority of greenhouse gases driving climate change are produced by animal agriculture, as this runs counter to scientific consensus which is that the main cause is fossil fuel emissions. (In contrast to claims made in the film, a 2018 peer-reviewed meta-analysis estimates that the food supply chain is responsible for 26% of anthropogenic GHG emissions.)

The documentary was directed by Kip Andersen and Keegan Kuhn, and explores the impact of animal agriculture on the environment, and investigates the policies of environmental organizations on this issue. Environmental organizations investigated in the film include Greenpeace, Sierra Club, Surfrider Foundation, Rainforest Action Network, Oceana.

The film was crowdfunded on IndieGoGo, with 1,449 contributors giving $117,092. This funding was 217% of their goal, and it allowed them to dub the film into Spanish and German and subtitle it into more than 10 other languages, including Chinese and Russian. Screenings are licensed through the distributor, as well as through Tugg Inc.

An updated version of the documentary, executive-produced by Leonardo DiCaprio, premiered globally on Netflix on September 15, 2015.

The 2017 documentary "What the Health" was written, produced, and directed by the same production team (Kip Andersen and Keegan Kuhn) as "Cowspiracy".

The following individuals were featured in the film:

In a review in the SFWeekly it was called "a pile of self-indulgent, vegan propaganda". CinemaSpin said it did "not discuss nuances, instead opting for a simplistic “meat bad, vegan good” message".
"Cowspiracy" won the Audience Choice Award at the 2015 South African Eco Film Festival, as well as the Best Foreign Film Award at the 12th annual Festival de films de Portneuf sur l'environnement. It was also nominated for Cinema Politica’s 2015 Audience Choice Award.

The Union of Concerned Scientists has disputed the film's assertion that the majority of greenhouse gases driving climate change are produced by animal agriculture, as this runs counter to scientific consensus which is that the cause is fossil fuel emissions.

However, the Union of Concerned Scientists’ dispute has itself been critiqued as a biased effort to minimize the impact of livestock on climate change.

Doug Boucher, reviewing the film for the Union of Concerned Scientists, disputed the film's claim that 51% of global greenhouse gases are caused by animal agriculture. Boucher describes the 51% figure as being sourced from a 2009 Worldwatch Institute report by Robert Goodland and Jeff Anhang, not from a peer-reviewed scientific paper. He asserts methodological flaws in Goodland and Anhang's logic, and claims that the scientific community has formed a consensus that global warming is primarily caused by humanity's burning of fossil fuels. Boucher states that the scientific consensus is that livestock contribute 15% of global greenhouse gas emissions - far lower than the 51% claimed by the film.

Boucher's review concludes: "Movies like Cowspiracy aren’t believable, not only because of how they twist the science, but also because of what they ask us to believe: that the fossil fuel industry—the ExxonMobils of the world—aren’t the main cause of global warming... and that thousands of scientists have covered up the truth about the most important environmental issue of our time."

However, one review of Boucher’s claims found them to be false. In fact, the 2009 Worldwatch Institute article by Robert Goodland and Jeff Anhang was peer reviewed;  methodological flaws claimed to exist in their article have been fully refuted; and their article has been widely cited in the scientific community. 

A 2018 peer-reviewed meta-analysis estimates that the food supply chain is responsible for 26% of annual anthropogenic GHG emissions. Within the food supply chain, animal products (including fish farms) account for 56-58% of GHGs, implying that animal products account for roughly 15% of total anthropogenic GHG emissions. In a 2019 erratum to the meta-analysis, the avoided annual greenhouse gas emissions arising from a "no animal products" scenario are estimated at 28% of the total, which includes 8.1 Gt CO of removal by trees regrowing on land no longer required for livestock.

In contrast, a 2019 Forbes article quotes Steven Chu, the Nobel Prize winner and former U.S. Secretary of Energy, stating: “Let me say it again: agriculture and land-use generates more greenhouse gas emissions than power generation." That Forbes article references the 2009 Worldwatch Institute article that estimates livestock are responsible for at least 51% of human-induced greenhouse gas emissions.




</doc>
<doc id="44068052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44068052" title="Unwilling Lovers">
Unwilling Lovers

Unwilling Lovers (also known as Mama's Boy and Young Lovers) is a 1977 pornographic horror film written and directed by Zebedy Colt and starring Terri Hall, John Bush, Holly Bush, C. J. Laing, Zebedy Colt, Rod Dumont, Jody Maxwell, and Annie Sprinkle.

Agnes Benson, an elderly and paraplegic recluse, hires Jenny Merlin to care for her and her adult son, Timmy. Timmy is a skilled mimic who has the mentality of a child due to witnessing the accident that crippled his mother, and killed his father. Not long after being hired by Mrs. Benson, Jenny has sex with the woman's handyman, Charlie. When Timmy catches the two of them together, Charlie tells him that he and Jenny were only "sunbathing".

Timmy leaves to run an errand, and spots a couple having sex in the woods. When the man leaves to get cigarettes, Timmy approaches the woman, who panics and tries to run away, dying when she hits her head on a rock after being tripped by Timmy, who believes that they are playing a game. Oblivious to the woman's death, Timmy engages in intercourse with her body, and leaves when he hears the girl's boyfriend approaching.

Timmy returns home, and when his mother notices that his pants are unfastened, she angrily lectures him on the evils of sex, and comforts and sedates him when he has an outburst. While Timmy sleeps, Mrs. Benson reveals to Jenny that she was paralyzed when her drunk husband, who had tried to kill her, fell off of a cliff, and dragged her down with him. Timmy awakens, spies on Charlie fondling Jenny, delivers a package to a neighbor, and notices a husband forcing himself on his wife, which causes Timmy to flash back to his father attacking his mother. Timmy bludgeons the husband with a rock, and accidentally asphyxiates the wife while trying to calm her down. Thinking that the wife is playing the same "game" as his previous female victim, Timmy sexually assaults her corpse, then eats a chocolate bar, unaware of exactly what he has done. The media dub the killings "the Candy Bar Murders" because of the discarded sweets wrapper left at the current crime scene, and the earlier one.

Jenny and Charlie discuss their relationship, and begin to make love, when Timmy walks in on them. For his own amusement, Charlie gives Timmy wine and drugs, and invites him to participate in a borderline-bisexual threeway with him and Jenny. Later, Timmy is shown approaching another couple, which is followed by a shot of a newspaper which reads, "Another Candy Bar Murder!" Afterward, Timmy goes into the city with Charlie, and they pick up a pair of prostitutes, who they treat roughly, and make it clear to them that they will not be paying. Charlie leaves Timmy with the hookers, one of whom tries to rob him at knifepoint, angered over being mistreated. A struggle ensues, ending with Timmy stabbing one woman, strangling the other, and taking the knife.

Mrs. Benson and Jenny discuss the killings, and notice the knife Timmy has, and that he is eating the same brand of candy bars whose wrappers were left at the murder sites. Jenny believes that Charlie is the killer, but when she questions Timmy, she realizes it is him. Timmy chases and sexually assaults Jenny, but before he can kill her, he is talked down by Charlie, and runs back home; Timmy has remembered that his father caught his mother having an affair, and that she was making plans to abandon him ... and that she knocked him off of the cliff after he raped her in retaliation.

Timmy confronts his mother, who intends to fatally overdose him with sedatives. She confesses that everything he has recalled is true, and that she never wanted him. Minutes later, a police officer called by Mrs. Benson arrives, and sees Timmy tending to the garden. The officer questions Timmy about all of the people he has "played" with, and discovers that Timmy has slit his mother's throat, and raped her body. As the policeman stands there in shock, Timmy asks, "Want a candy bar?"


"Unwilling Lovers" premiered in 1977 and was later distributed on VHS by both Alpha Blue Archives and Wonderful World of Video. To date, the film has not received a DVD release, though scenes from it are included as a bonus feature in the DVD of "Sex Wish", released in 2004 by Alpha Blue Archives.

Zebedy Colt's performance as Timmy Benson was deemed "twisted and brilliant" by Mike Desert of "AVN". Recarts.Movies.Erotica commended the film's acting and plot, and called it "a 70's collector's must have movie".



</doc>
<doc id="44068194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44068194" title="Miss Polly">
Miss Polly

Miss Polly is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Fred Guiol and written by Eugene Conrad and Edward E. Seabrook. The film stars ZaSu Pitts, Slim Summerville, Kathleen Howard, Brenda Forbes, Elyse Knox and Richard Clayton. The film was released on November 14, 1941, by United Artists.

In the very old-fashioned small town of Midfield, there hasn't been a marriage in the town in over two years and the young people are slowly leaving the town. The main reason for this is Mrs. Minerva Snodgrass, the strict and assertive leader of the town's Purity League, who created numerous restrictions in the town in order to keep the girls and boys apart. Mrs. Snodgrass' next-door neighbor is Miss Panadora Polly, a friendly and tolerant old maid, who lives together with her handyman (and catastrophic hobby inventor) Slim Wilkins and her housekeeper and companion Patsy. 

Miss Polly tries to shelter the young romance between Minerva's daughter Barbara and her boyfriend, Eddie. However, Eddie is frustrated that Barbara is still under the influence of her mother and doesn't want to leave her, so Eddie wants to leave the town on his own. In order to make Barbara more courageous in her love to Eddie, Miss Polly looks for a mysterious liquor in her cellar that once made her shy sister marry a man. Miss Polly tries the drink and it indeed works, she starts to flirt with the young grocery boy Elmer and buys the sexiest and most expensive dress in town. 

In her new dress, Miss Polly visits the town meeting held by the Mayor and Mrs. Snodgrass, who wants to establish new rules and has most of the townfolk under her control. But Miss Polly, courageous under the influence of the romance liquor, starts to disagree and wants to give more freedom to the young people in town. Polly remembers the elderly and middle-aged meeting members of the "sins" they did during their youth and slowly brings them on her side. Minerva Snodgrass states that she was always morally right during her life in town, but Miss Polly remembers that Minerva had an affair with a marine during a vacation in 1911. Mrs. Snodgrass collapses and since there is no water around, Slim and Patsy give her the romantic liquor to drink to come to herself. Not only does Mrs. Snodgrass now agree to the marriage between Barbara and Eddie, she also gets a crush on Slim and chases after him.



</doc>
<doc id="44069237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44069237" title="Brooklyn Orchid">
Brooklyn Orchid

Brooklyn Orchid is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks that was one of Hal Roach's Streamliners. The film stars William Bendix, Joe Sawyer, Marjorie Woodworth, Grace Bradley, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Florine McKinney and Leonid Kinskey. The film was released on January 31, 1942, by United Artists.

A couple of cab drivers, Tim McGuerin and Eddie Corbett, cope with the women in their lives. Tim's social-climbing wife Sadie has a secret, that she once worked as a stripper. Eddie's conniving sweetheart Mabel plans to use this information against Sadie when she becomes irritated by her.

Tim and Eddie go fishing and catch a whopper—a beautiful woman. Lucy Gibbs turns out to be the winner of the "Brooklyn Orchid" beauty pageant, but rather than he pleased, she's actually making a suicide attempt over its adverse effect on her life. She now blames Tim and Eddie for spoiling her plans.

The boys take their ladies to a health spa, but Lucy follows them and complicates matters. When a band strikes up, Sadie announces that Mabel is in the room and can do her "act." Lucy saves the day, pretending to be Sadie and hiding her secret. Sadie then cuts up Mabel's dress and tosses her into a swimming pool. Tim and Eddie decide not to go fishing again.



</doc>
<doc id="44070061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44070061" title="Citizenfour">
Citizenfour

Citizenfour is a 2014 documentary film directed by Laura Poitras, concerning Edward Snowden and the NSA spying scandal. The film had its US premiere on October 10, 2014, at the New York Film Festival and its UK premiere on October 17, 2014, at the BFI London Film Festival. The film features Snowden and Glenn Greenwald, and was co-produced by Poitras, Mathilde Bonnefoy, and Dirk Wilutzky, with Steven Soderbergh and others serving as executive producers. "Citizenfour" received critical acclaim upon release, and was the recipient of numerous accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 2015 Oscars.

In January 2013, Laura Poitras, an American documentary film director/producer who had been working for several years on a film about monitoring programs in the United States that were the result of the September 11 attacks, receives an encrypted e-mail from a stranger who calls himself, "Citizenfour." In it, he offers her inside information about illegal wiretapping practices of the US National Security Agency (NSA) and other intelligence agencies. In June 2013, accompanied by investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald and "The Guardian" intelligence reporter Ewen MacAskill, she travels to Hong Kong with her camera for the first meeting with the stranger in a hotel, who reveals himself as Edward Snowden. Scenes of their meeting take place in Snowden's hotel room, where he maintains his privacy. Shots of Snowden in his bed, in front of his mirror and of the hotel from a distance form the character of Snowden as a trapped political agent.

After four days of interviews, on June 9, Snowden's identity is made public at his request. As media outlets begin to discover his location at the Mira Hotel, Snowden moves into Poitras' room in an attempt to elude phone calls made to his room. Facing potential extradition and prosecution in the United States, Snowden schedules a meeting with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and applies for refugee status. After Poitras believes she is being followed, she leaves Hong Kong for Berlin.

On June 21, the US government requests the Hong Kong government extradite Snowden. Snowden manages to depart from Hong Kong, but his US passport is cancelled before he can connect to Havana, stranding him in the Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow. On August 1, 2013, the Russian government grants Snowden temporary asylum for a period of one year. Meanwhile, Greenwald returns to his home in Rio de Janeiro and speaks publicly about United States' utilization of NSA programs for foreign surveillance. Greenwald and Poitras maintain a correspondence wherein they both express reluctance to return to the United States.

Throughout, the film offers smaller vignettes that precede and follow Snowden's Hong Kong interviews, including William Binney speaking about NSA programs, and eventually testifying before the German Parliament regarding NSA spying in Germany.

The film closes with Greenwald, Snowden and Poitras meeting once again, this time in Russia. Greenwald and Snowden discuss new emerging details on US intelligence programs, careful to only write down and not speak critical pieces of information. Greenwald tears these documents creating a pile of scraps, before slowly removing them from the table.


Born on June 21, 1983 in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, Edward Snowden first became involved with the United States government upon his enrollment in the Army Reserves in the spring of 2004. Snowden claims to have left the program after a few months because he broke his legs in a training accident while a US House of Representatives report claims he had shin splints. He then began working for the CIA in 2006 and was stationed with diplomatic cover at the embassy in Geneva, Switzerland in 2007. After nearly three years with the agency, Snowden resigned his position in February 2009 in order to begin working for a contractor with Dell for the NSA. It was at this point in his career that Snowden could sense that his views were changing; "I watched as Obama advanced the very policies that I thought would be reigned in ... [The NSA] are intent on making every conversation and every form of behaviour in the world known to them". In 2012, Snowden was reassigned from Yokota base in Japan to the Kunia Operations Center in Honolulu, Hawaii, working for Dell before serving as a consultant to Booz Allen Hamilton. As an "infrastructure analyst" at the National Threat Operations Center, he monitored internet communication. In his own words, the longer he continued to work for the NSA, the more he "worked in secret to resist" his own feelings regarding the various programs in place at the agency. He had served at the Hawaiian base for approximately 15 months prior to leaving the United States and leaking thousands of classified documents. 

By 2012, Poitras had begun work on the third film in her 9/11 trilogy ("My Country, My Country" (2006) and "The Oath" (2010)), which she intended to focus broadly on the topic of domestic surveillance for which she interviewed Assange, Greenwald, Binney, and Appelbaum. She was first contacted by Snowden in January 2013 after he was unable to establish encrypted communications with Greenwald. She flew to Hong Kong in late May 2013, where over the course of eight days she filmed Snowden in his hotel room at the Mira Hotel in Hong Kong. Later, she traveled to Moscow where she filmed a second interview with Snowden conducted by Greenwald.

Production company Praxis Films was involved in the production of the documentary. The film was distributed by RADIUS TWC in the US, BRITDOC Foundation and Artificial Eye in the UK and Piffl Media in Germany. The broadcast rights for television were obtained by Channel 4 (United Kingdom), HBO Documentary Films (USA) and Norddeutscher Rundfunk (Germany).

The international film premiere took place on October 10, 2014, in the United States at the New York Film Festival. In Europe, the documentary was shown for the first time on October 17 at the BFI London Film Festival. The first showing in Germany was on October 27 as part of the Leipzig Film Festival. The director Laura Poitras was present in Hamburg Abaton cinema for a preview on November 4–5 at the official Germany Premiere at Kino International. In German cinemas, the film has been running since November 6. Its widest release , was 105 theaters, in the weekend of December 12–18, 2014.

It premiered on Home Box Office on February 23, 2015, the day after the 87th Academy Awards and was subsequently released for streaming on HBO Go. Channel 4 broadcast it in the United Kingdom on February 25, 2015 and has released it for view-on-demand through March 4, 2015.

"Citizenfour" received widespread critical acclaim. It has an approval rating of 96% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 144 reviews, with an average score of 8.26/10. The site's critics' consensus reads: "Part real-life thriller, part sobering examination of 21st century civil liberties, "Citizenfour" transcends ideology to offer riveting, must-see cinema." Metacritic gave the film a score of 88 out of 100 based on 38 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".

Ronnie Scheib of "Variety" wrote No amount of familiarity with whistleblower Edward Snowden and his shocking revelations of the U.S. government's wholesale spying on its own citizens can prepare one for the impact of Laura Poitras's extraordinary documentary "Citizenfour"... far from reconstructing or analyzing a fait accompli, the film tersely records the deed in real time, as Poitras and fellow journalist Glenn Greenwald meet Snowden over an eight-day period in a Hong Kong hotel room to plot how and when they will unleash the bombshell that shook the world. Adapting the cold language of data encryption to recount a dramatic saga of abuse of power and justified paranoia, Poitras brilliantly demonstrates that information is a weapon that cuts both ways.

Spencer Ackerman writes in "The Guardian": "Citizenfour" must have been a maddening documentary to film. Its subject is pervasive global surveillance, an enveloping digital act that spreads without visibility, so its scenes unfold in courtrooms, hearing chambers and hotels. Yet the virtuosity of Laura Poitras, its director and architect, makes its 114 minutes crackle with the nervous energy of revelation.

"Time" magazine rated the film #3 out of its top 10 movies of 2014 and called the film "This Halloween's Scariest Chiller". "Vanity Fair" rated it #4 out of its top 10 and "Grantland" rated it #3 of its top 10. Writing for the "Chicago Tribune", former Defense Department intelligence analyst Alex Lyda penned a negative review, calling Snowden "more narcissist than patriot". David Edelstein reviewed the film mostly favorably, and jocularly advised viewers "don't buy your ticket online or with a credit card".

The film site Fandor has published an extensive survey of other articles and reviews about "Citizenfour", updated through December 25, 2014.

On Sept. 18, 2018, it was ruled by the European Court of Human Rights that the U.K. spy agency's bulk collection of telecom data violated the European Convention on Human Rights. The Strasburg-based court ruled 5-2 that the practice "failed to safeguard rights to privacy guaranteed under the human rights convention". The complaint was brought on by ten groups including ACLU, Privacy International, Amnesty International and other civil liberties groups around the world.

In December 2014, retired naval officer and oil executive Horace Edwards of Kansas filed suit against the film's producers "on behalf of the American people" for aiding and abetting Snowden's leaks. "The Hollywood Reporter" provided some legal analysis, noting observers opining that Edwards may not have legal standing to pursue the lawsuit. Edwards also challenged the film's Oscar eligibility on the grounds that Poitras' 2013 short film showing Greenwald interviewing Snowden constituted a previous release of "Citizenfour", rendering it ineligible under Oscar rules. The Academy rejected the claim, noting that "the "Guardian" interview appears in less than two minutes of the documentary", and ruled that "Citizenfour" was eligible for Oscar consideration.

In February 2015, the filmmakers asked the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas to dismiss the lawsuit on standing and jurisdictional grounds, and on First Amendment grounds citing "Bartnicki v. Vopper". Edwards officially dropped the case on April 3, 2015.

At DOK Leipzig 2014, when "Citizenfour" won the Leipziger Ring award, Edward Snowden gave a video message to the festival.

"Citizenfour" won the 2015 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. It was considered the frontrunner heading into the awards; Brent Lang of "Variety" called for "Citizenfour" to receive a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Picture, with "THR"s Gregg Kilday discussing its prospects, but it was not nominated in that category.

Poitras also received several journalistic and humanitarian awards for reporting the Snowden disclosures depicted in the film, including the George Polk award (with Greenwald and MacAskill), the Ridenhour Truth-Telling Prize (with Edward Snowden) the Carl von Ossietzky medal for human rights (with Greenwald and Snowden), and the Henri Nannen Prize for Efforts for Independence of the Press. "The Guardian" and the "Washington Post" received the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for reporting by Poitras, Greenwald, MacAskill, and Barton Gellman.

Poitras took many security precautions related to the film, described by military writer Peter Maass among others. She moved to Berlin, Germany after being detained repeatedly at border controls when entering the US. She edited the film in Germany after flying directly there from Hong Kong with the Snowden footage, to prevent the FBI from showing up with a search warrant for her hard drives. All the film footage is kept on encrypted drives with multiple levels of nested protection. The computer she uses for reading sensitive documents is separated from the internet by an air gap. Greenwald credited her with a "complete expert level of understanding of how to do a story like this with total technical and operational safety". Maass called Poitras' security skills "particularly vital — and far from the journalistic norm — in an era of pervasive government spying", and quotes Snowden stating that "[i]n the wake of this year's disclosure, it should be clear that unencrypted journalist-source communication is unforgivably reckless."

Bonnefoy has also discussed the encrypted workflow used in making the film, adding "if we have a conversation that's particularly confidential, we'll move the electronics out of the room, or we'll just meet somewhere outside of the editing room, without our phones."

The Film Society of Lincoln Center (which selects films for the New York Film Festival) reported that Poitras changed the location of the initial screening for the NYFF's selection committee several times, in case someone was tracking her movements. The committee was shown a rough cut that had sensitive material redacted, and the NYFF "had to keep the movie's inclusion in the festival under wraps until mid-September" and it was "kept out of festival schedules and documents until we could talk about it openly". The last-minute inclusion in the festival's main slate was an unprecedented event for the NYFF, and "tickets for both screenings sold out within just a few hours".

The film's ending credits unusually name several free software projects and security tools, without which "this film would not be possible". The programs named include Tor, Tails, Debian GNU/Linux, Off-the-Record Messaging, the GNU Privacy Guard, Truecrypt, and SecureDrop. In October 2014, the Electronic Frontier Foundation published an informational page about the software credited in the film, and in November 2015 Poitras was prominently featured in a Tor fund-raising campaign.

The soundtrack consists of portions of the Nine Inch Nails album "Ghosts I–IV", which was released under a Creative Commons license (BY-NC-SA) in 2008.




</doc>
<doc id="44070210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44070210" title="About Face (1942 film)">
About Face (1942 film)

About Face is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Eugene Conrad and Edward E. Seabrook. The film is the second of the Hal Roach's Streamliners Army film series with stars William Tracy and Joe Sawyer. The film also features Jean Porter, Marjorie Lord, Margaret Dumont, Veda Ann Borg and Joe Cunningham. The film was released on April 16, 1942, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44070334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44070334" title="Flying with Music">
Flying with Music

Flying with Music is a 1942 American musical film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Louis S. Kaye and M. Coates Webster. The film stars Marjorie Woodworth, George Givot, William Marshall, Edward Gargan, Jerry Bergen and Norma Varden. The film was released on May 22, 1942, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44070676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44070676" title="Moscow Heat">
Moscow Heat

Moscow Heat () is a 2004 Russian action film directed by Jeff Celentano.



</doc>
<doc id="44071295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44071295" title="Fall In">
Fall In

Fall In is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Eugene Conrad and Edward E. Seabrook. The film stars William Tracy, Joe Sawyer, Robert Barrat, Jean Porter and Arthur Hunnicutt. The film was released on November 20, 1942, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44071300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44071300" title="The Phobos">
The Phobos

The Phobos () is a 2010 Russian horror film directed by Oleg Assadulin.

On a rainy summer day a group of young people go to a club called "Phobos", which is under construction and in the past used to be a bomb shelter. Suddenly all the club doors are automatically closed and the lights are switched off. Initially the characters perceive everything as a joke but later realize that they are trapped: their cell phones do not work and they did not tell anyone about their intention to go to this club. The goth girl Vika says that there is a creature that feeds on their fears and that they need to overcome their own feelings of fright.


</doc>
<doc id="44071414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44071414" title="Lost Canyon">
Lost Canyon

Lost Canyon is a 1942 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Harry O. Hoyt. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jay Kirby, Lola Lane, Douglas Fowley and Herbert Rawlinson. The film was released on December 18, 1942, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44073478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44073478" title="Scotland Yet">
Scotland Yet

Scotland Yet is a 2014 documentary film directed by Scottish filmmaker and journalist Jack Foster, and produced by Christopher Silver. The film focuses on the more obscure grassroots elements of the Scottish independence campaign, concentrated primarily on those arguing for a Yes vote in the 2014 referendum; the film's tagline is “a film about independence.”

The title of the film alludes to a song by the late Scottish folk singer and songwriter Davy Steele, called ‘Scotland Yet’, written at the time of the 1997 Devolution referendum. Various interpretations of the song feature in the film’s soundtrack, created by traditional musicians Rona Wilkie and Marit Fält.

"Scotland Yet" is, to date, the only feature film to have covered the 2014 Scottish independence referendum.

The film concentrates primarily on the left-wing arguments for Scottish independence, as seen through the eyes of political activists such as Tariq Ali and Robin McAlpine; also journalists such as Ian Bell (journalist) and Lesley Riddoch. The film sets out to document the smaller, less publicised elements of the 2014 pro independence campaign, such as National Collective, Radical Independence and Common Weal. The documentary combines this with a commentary on the historical context of the independence movement, and the controversies surrounding perceived media bias during the campaign.

"Scotland Yet" is the first Scottish film to be entirely funded through crowdfunder donations.



</doc>
<doc id="44074214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44074214" title="The McGuerins from Brooklyn">
The McGuerins from Brooklyn

The McGuerins from Brooklyn is a 1942 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks. The film stars William Bendix, Grace Bradley, Arline Judge, Max Baer, Marjorie Woodworth, Joe Sawyer, Marion Martin and Rex Evans. The film was released on December 31, 1942, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44074321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44074321" title="Taxi, Mister">
Taxi, Mister

Taxi, Mister is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks. The film stars William Bendix, Grace Bradley, Joe Sawyer, Sheldon Leonard, Joe Devlin, Jack Norton, Frank Faylen, Mike Mazurki, Sig Arno, Clyde Fillmore, Jimmy Conlin, Lew Kelly and Iris Adrian. The film was released on April 16, 1943, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44075597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44075597" title="Dr. Crippen (1962 film)">
Dr. Crippen (1962 film)

Dr. Crippen is a 1962 British biographical film directed by Robert Lynn and starring Donald Pleasence, Coral Browne and Samantha Eggar. The film's plot concerns the real-life Edwardian doctor Hawley Harvey Crippen, who was hanged in 1910 for the murder of his wife. The cinematography was by Nicolas Roeg.

The film takes a surprisingly sympathetic approach to Crippen, who is portrayed as a downtrodden cuckold continually humiliated by his coarse, overbearing wife. There is a strong suggestion in the story that he may have been innocent of murder, having killed his wife by accident, and that his younger mistress Ethel Le Neve was completely ignorant of the killing. The plot ostensibly covers Crippen’s trial but the story is fleshed out with flashbacks to the doctor’s relationship with his wife and his affair.


Bosley Crowther in "The New York Times" wrote, "well, one must give good scores to Mr. Pleasence, Miss Browne, Miss Eggar and the rest of the cast for giving a sense of solemnity and suffocation to this stiff tale...the mystery, the action and the pathos are all too academic and thin—too milky and uneventful — except for those who are real Crippen fans". "Britmovie" noted a "sincere historical reconstruction about the infamous Edwardian murderer blending courtroom and melodrama. The direction from tv helmer Robert Lynn is satisfactory and is brightly captured in atmospheric black-and-white by cinematographer Nicolas Roeg."



</doc>
<doc id="44076349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44076349" title="Hotel Colonial">
Hotel Colonial

Hotel Colonial is a 1987 American adventure film directed by Cinzia Th. Torrini and written by Enzo Monteleone, Cinzia Th. Torrini, Robert Katz and Ira Barmak. The film stars John Savage, Rachel Ward, Massimo Troisi, Robert Duvall and Anna Galiena. The film was released on September 18, 1987, by Orion Pictures.




</doc>
<doc id="44076594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44076594" title="In Old Montana">
In Old Montana

In Old Montana is a 1939 American Western film about the conflict existing between sheepherders and cattleman in the 19th century. Distributed by Equity British Films it stars Fred Scott and Jean Carmen.

The film begins with a statement explaining the conflict:

When the links in the chain of States that made up the great United States were forged, there were many conflicts, dramatic and spectacular, that often threatened the prosperity of the frontier and the economic structure of the whole nation. Such was the war that broke out in Montana in 1860 between the cattle barons and the sheepherders. The cattlemen had priority and also claimed sheep polluted the land and streams, cropping the grass so short the grazing land was ruined for years. The sheepmen claimed that raising sheep was more profitable and that "the spread" was Government land and they had as much right to it as anyone else. The series of events chronicles here took place in the Lobo Valley just below the fertile grazing lands of the Powder River Basin. Although frankly a Western story, with fictitious characters, each one originally had its counterpart in fact.

Fred Dawson (Scott), a serving cavalry officer, requests leave of absence to visit his father, who has been shot. His commanding officer grants the request but asks him to carry out an investigation at the same time into the current conflict between the sheepherders and cattlemen in the area. Dawson arranges a meeting between the two factions to encourage mutual cooperation in an attempt to resolve the dispute. During the meeting Joe Allison (Walter Mcgrail) is shot and Dawson is framed for the shooting. He is locked up pending a trial but his friend Doc Flanders (Harry Harvey) breaks him out. Later Dawson and Ed Brandt (John Merton) have a fist fight, after which it emerges that Theodore Jason (Frank LaRue) has secretly been creating all the trouble for his own ends, hoping that the cattlemen and sheepherders would run out of money so that he could foreclose on their debts.

There is a subplot in which Fred Dawson forms a close relationship with June Allison (Carmen), the daughter of Joe Allison.


The film was "the second of four singing Westerns Scott made for C. C. Burr".


</doc>
<doc id="44076619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44076619" title="Buckskin Frontier">
Buckskin Frontier

Buckskin Frontier is a 1943 American action film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Norman Houston and Bernard Schubert. The film stars Richard Dix, Jane Wyatt, Albert Dekker, Lee J. Cobb, Victor Jory, Lola Lane, Max Baer and Joe Sawyer. The film was released on May 14, 1943, by United Artists.

Kansas settler Jeptha Marr is leery of the railroad intruding on his territory and opposes railroad representative Stephen Bent, only to be surprised when daughter Vinnie returns to the town of Pawnee after a long absence and is already acquainted with Stephen.

A rival railroad interest spearheaded by Champ Clanton tries to muscle its way in, trying to taint Stephen's reputation by insinuating a relationship with Rita Molyneaux, a woman with a bad reputation. By the end, though, Vinnie is reassured that Rita is actually interested in Gideon Skene, and the railroad is headed Pawnee's way under Stephen's watch.



</doc>
<doc id="44079004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44079004" title="The Leather Burners">
The Leather Burners

The Leather Burners is a 1943 American Western film directed by Joseph Henabery and written by Jo Pagano. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jay Kirby, Victor Jory, George Givot and Ellanora Needles. The film was released on May 28, 1943, by United Artists.

Bar 20 ranch hand Johnny Travers (Jay Kirby) sends for old friends Hopalong Cassidy (William Boyd) and California Carlson (Andy Clyde). Hopalong Cassidy immediately suspects mine company president Dan Slack (Victor Jory) to be behind the rustlings and decides to go undercover, with the assistance of Sharon Longstreet (Shelley Spencer) and her young brother Bobby (Bobby Larson).




</doc>
<doc id="44079289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44079289" title="Colt Comrades">
Colt Comrades

Colt Comrades is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Michael Wilson. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jay Kirby, Teddi Sherman, Victor Jory, George Reeves and Douglas Fowley. The film was released on June 18, 1943, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44079493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44079493" title="The Lego Batman Movie">
The Lego Batman Movie

The Lego Batman Movie is a 2017 3D computer-animated superhero comedy film produced by the Warner Animation Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was directed by Chris McKay, and written by Seth Grahame-Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern and John Whittington, and produced by Dan Lin, Roy Lee, Phil Lord and Christopher Miller. Based on the "Lego Batman" toy line, the film is an international co-production of the United States, Australia and Denmark, the first spin-off installment of "The Lego Movie" film series and the second installment overall. The story centers on the DC Comics character Batman as he attempts to overcome his greatest fear in order to stop the Joker's latest plan. The film features Will Arnett reprising his role as Batman from "The Lego Movie" alongside Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson and Ralph Fiennes.

"The Lego Batman Movie" had its world premiere in Dublin, Ireland on January 29, 2017, and was released in the United States on February 10, 2017. The film was released in 3D, RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, IMAX and IMAX 3D. The film received generally positive reviews from critics for its animation, voice acting, soundtrack, visual style and humor; it was also commercially successful, having grossed $312 million worldwide against a budget of $80 million. 

A sequel was announced in 2018 and is scheduled to be released in 2022.

Within the DC superhero dimension in the Lego Universe, Batman continues to protect Gotham City and fight crime. During his latest mission to stop the Joker from destroying the city, Batman hurts Joker's feelings by telling him he is not as important in Batman's life as he thinks he is, leading Joker to seek the ultimate revenge on him. The following day, Batman's alter-ego Bruce Wayne attends the city's winter gala which is celebrating both the retirement of Commissioner Gordon and the ascension of his daughter Barbara as the city's new police commissioner, only to be infuriated by Barbara's plans to restructure the police to function without the need of Batman. Joker crashes the party with the city's other villains, all of whom surrender except Harley Quinn, who disappears during the confusion.

Suspecting his archenemy is up to something, Batman plots to steal Superman's Phantom Zone Projector (a device that can banish anyone to the Phantom Zone which houses some of the most dangerous villains in the Lego multiverse), only for Alfred to intervene and advise him to take care of Dick Grayson, whom Batman accidentally adopted as his ward during the gala earlier. Reluctantly agreeing to do so, Batman fosters Dick as Robin, whereupon the pair successfully recover the Projector from the Fortress of Solitude and break into Arkham Asylum to send Joker to the Phantom Zone. Suspecting that the Joker wanted to be sent there, Barbara locks up Batman and Robin.

While the Projector is being seized as evidence, Harley steals it back as part of Joker's plan and frees him, allowing him to return to Gotham with all the villains he had recruited in the Phantom Zone, including King Kong, the Gremlins, the Wicked Witch of the West and her Flying Monkeys, a Tyrannosaurus rex and a Velociraptor from "Jurassic Park", Lord Voldemort, Sauron, the "Jaws" great white shark, the Daleks, Lord Vampyre, The Evil Mummy, Swamp Creature, Medusa, Agent Smith and his clones, Skeleton Warriors, General Zod and the Kraken. Realizing that the city does need him, Barbara releases Batman and Robin and teams up with them and Alfred to stop the Joker. Although Batman finds himself able to trust and rely on his new team upon reaching Wayne Island, he chooses to send them away rather than losing them like his parents. Upon facing him alone, Joker believes that Batman is incapable of change and zaps him to the Phantom Zone before stealing the Batcave's stash of confiscated bombs. Arriving in the Phantom Zone, Batman witnesses the harm his selfishness has caused to everyone and slowly accepts his greatest fear. Making a deal with the Zone's gatekeeper Phyllis, a talking Lego brick, to be allowed back to Gotham in order to retrieve the Zone's escaped prisoners, Batman arrives in time to save his teammates, apologizing to them for leaving them and requesting their help to stop Joker.

Realizing Joker's plans to use the explosives he took to destroy the city's Energy Facility that causes the city to come apart and be destroyed, Batman turns Barbara into Batgirl, before he, his team and Gotham City's other villains, who felt neglected by Joker, manage to successfully send the escaped villains back to the Phantom Zone. However, the group fail to stop Joker's bombs going off as the explosion begins to tear the city apart at the plates beneath it. Knowing this was his fault, Batman reluctantly convinces Joker that he is the true reason for being the hero he is before they, their friends and allies and the city's inhabitants, chain-link themselves together and pull the plates back together, saving the city.

With the city saved, Batman prepares to be taken back into the Phantom Zone to fulfill his bargain, only to be rejected by Phyllis, who chooses to let him remain after realizing he is a hero and seeing how much he had changed in order to save everyone. Afterwards, Batman allows Joker and the rest of his rogues to temporarily escape with the confidence that whenever they return, they will be no match for the Batman family.

The movie ends with Batman spending a new life with his family.


Following the success of "The Lego Movie", Warner Bros. greenlighted several multiple Lego films produced, including "The Lego Batman Movie". Chris McKay, who co-directed "The Lego Movie", was brought on board to direct the film, making it his solo directorial debut. In an interview about his work on the film, McKay stated that working on the film was "a very mixed blessing" owing partly to the film's hectic time schedule for its production, remarking that the two and half years allocated to the film made it difficult to fit in everything that he wanted for the movie, considering his earlier work on "The Lego Movie". His work on "The Lego Batman Movie" was influenced by the comedy portrayed in both "The Naked Gun" and "Airplane!" film series, with his pitch for the film to the studios being described as like ""Jerry Maguire" as directed by Michael Mann". His proposal to combine all the Batman eras featured in the comic book series and various media formats, including movies and comic series, despite a couple of issues—the total inconsistency inherent to such a task, and Lego rejecting some of the characters he proposed to include in the film—was based on his desire of how to portray Robin within the film's setting. In an interview regarding his version of the superhero duo, McKay stated:

"I was thinking that we were basically taking the Burt Ward Robin and sticking him in the Batmobile with the Zack Snyder/Ben Affleck Batman, or the Frank Miller Batman. And putting these two different energies together. Somebody who’s like the grumpiest, dark grittiest, broodiest Batman with the most positive, indefatigable kid."

Prior to the release of "", Chris Miller stated that all of the "Lego" movies are based on the imagination of a child character, with "The Lego Movie" events happening in young Finn's mind. Miller affirmed that "The Lego Batman Movie" was also from the imagination of Finn, though the character did not appear within the film.

As part of its production, the movie was designed to make numerous references to previous "Batman" movies, cartoons and comics. In a scene where Alfred quotes Batman's previous movies, he mentions: the 1940s "Batman" serials; the films "Batman" (1966), "Batman" (1989), "Batman Returns" (1992), "Batman Forever" (1995), "Batman & Robin" (1997), "Batman Begins" (2005), "The Dark Knight" (2008), "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012), "" (2016) and "Suicide Squad" (2016); the television shows "Batman" (1960s), "" (1990s), "Batman Beyond" (2000s) and "The Batman" (2000s); and the comics "Detective Comics" #27 (Batman's introductory story), "The Dark Knight Returns" (1986) and "Gotham by Gaslight" (1989). Other references include previous costumes worn by Batman and Robin and the various Batmobiles used. In most cases, their appearances in the movie are done in a Lego style, with the exception being footage from a live-action shot of Adam West's depiction of Batman in the 1960s "Batman" series and a picture of Batman's suit from "Batman and Robin". Climactic events from past Batman films involving the Joker have been mentioned, including "that time with the parade and the Prince music" (1989's "Batman") and "the two boats" ("The Dark Knight").

Alongside Joker, the main antagonist of the film's story, and Superman, who features heavily and has notable links to the Christopher Reeve films "Superman" (1978) and its sequel "Superman II" (1980), many other DC characters, both villains associated with Batman and other DC superheroes, feature in the film. The film's villains who have been featured in Batman comics, films and cartoons include: Man-Bat; Captain Boomerang; Egghead; Crazy Quilt; Eraser; Polka-Dot Man; Mime; Tarantula; King Tut from the 1960s series; Killer Moth; March Harriet; Zodiac Master; the Mutant Leader from "The Dark Knight Returns"; Doctor Phosphorus; Magpie; Calculator; Hugo Strange; an unidentified version of Red Hood; the Kabuki Twins from "The Batman"; Orca; Gentleman Ghost; Clock King; Calendar Man; Kite Man; Catman; Zebra-Man; and a variation of Condiment King from "Batman: The Animated Series". The other DC heroes who feature, both from the Justice League and "Super Friends", include: Wonder Woman; Aquaman; Cyborg; Green Arrow; Black Canary; Hawkman; Hawkgirl; Martian Manhunter; Apache Chief; Black Vulcan; El Dorado; Samurai; Wonder Dog; the Wonder Twins and Gleek. Although not part of the DC franchise, Iron Man from Marvel Comics is referenced in the film as part of a small joke about Batman's password for entering the Batcave, referencing the famous rivalry between DC and Marvel.

The film also features characters from other notable franchises and film series with them following the same narrative of "The Lego Movie" in that they came from worlds that co-exist alongside others of the Lego Universe, which are made up of Lego playsets of the various media franchises. These additional characters include: Medusa from Lego Minifigures; the Swamp Creature, Evil Mummy, and Lord Vampyre from "Lego Monster Fighters"; King Kong; the Daleks from "Doctor Who"; the Wicked Witch of the West and her flying monkeys from "The Wizard of Oz"; the Kraken from "Clash of the Titans"; Agent Smith and his clones from "The Matrix"; the great white shark from "Jaws"; Voldemort from "Harry Potter"; Sauron from "The Lord of the Rings"; the Tyrannosaurus and Velociraptors from "Jurassic Park"; The Skeleton Warriors from "Jason and the Argonauts" and the Gremlins. The way in which the Gremlins attack a plane references "The Twilight Zone" episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet".

The film also includes Batman watching the scene from "Jerry Maguire" where Tom Cruise says "You complete me"; this line had previously been quoted by The Joker in "The Dark Knight". In the scene where Batman discusses possible team names he mentions "Fox Force Five," which is the name of a failed television pilot mentioned in "Pulp Fiction". The film's use of Cutting Crew's "(I Just) Died in Your Arms" is a nod to the romantic comedy "Never Been Kissed". The film's other references include "Gleaming the Cube" and "Gymkata".

The casting of Billy Dee Williams as Two-Face references the 1989 Batman film, in which Williams played District Attorney Harvey Dent, before his transition to Two-Face.

A scene from "The Lego Movie" is reused in the film, in which it depicts Emmett falling into the portal.

The film's original score was composed by Lorne Balfe and features Red Hot Chili Peppers' drummer Chad Smith. This makes the film the first in the franchise to replace Mark Mothersbaugh as composer. The soundtrack was released on February 3, 2017, on CD and for digital download, while the vinyl version was released on May 19, 2017.


The film's world premiere was conducted in Dublin, Ireland on January 29, 2017, whereupon it went into general release from February 8; it was released in Denmark on February 9, and in the United States the day after. Its overall release saw movie theatres displaying the film in 3D, RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, IMAX 3D and 4DX. though the latter format was restricted to 3D for North America, while international countries were able to view it in IMAX.

The first teaser trailer for "The Lego Batman Movie" was released on March 24, 2016, and features the song "Black and Yellow" by Wiz Khalifa. It was attached to showings of "" in theatres. A second teaser trailer was released on March 28, 2016, and features references to all live-action iterations of Batman, from the 1960s "Batman" TV series to "Batman v Superman". A third trailer was released on July 23, 2016. A fourth trailer was released on November 4, 2016. Over twenty Lego sets inspired by scenes from the film were released for the film including two sets of Collectible Minifigures. A Story Pack for the toys-to-life video game "Lego Dimensions" based on "The Lego Batman Movie" was released on February 10, 2017, alongside the film. The pack adds a six-level story campaign adapting the events of the film, and includes playable figures of Robin and Batgirl, a driveable Batwing, and a constructible gateway model based on the Batcomputer. A Fun Pack including Excalibur Batman and his Bionic Steed was also released the same day.

On January 14, 2017, at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Chevrolet unveiled a life-sized Lego Batmobile inspired by the design featured in the film, constructed from around 350,000 Lego pieces. As a related promotion, a Bat-Signal (alternating between Batman's emblem and the Chevrolet logo) was projected on the Renaissance Center over the weekend, and Chevrolet released a new television commercial tying into the film, featuring the Batmobile as a crossover with its ongoing "Real People, Not Actors" campaign.

Warner Bros. released several promotional tie-ins on the week of the movie's release. LEGO billboard versions of several TV shows were shown outside of the studio lot, that took 300 hours to make out of 10,000 bricks. "The Big Bang Theory" included a LEGO version of the opening sequence in the episode "The Locomotion Reverberation" that first aired on CBS. In addition, the network aired two LEGO commercials featuring Batman and the cast.

The CW featured LEGO end cards for "Supergirl", "The Flash", "DC's Legends of Tomorrow", and "Arrow", respectively, on the week of the movie's release. All four DC shows also include a special variant of the Berlanti Productions logo that featured Batman's cameo and a new recording from Greg Berlanti's real-life father who says "Batman move your head" instead of the usual "Greg move your head". In addition, the network aired two commercials where Batman interacts with the characters from each show.

"The LEGO Batman Movie" was released on Digital HD on May 19, 2017. The release included the theatrical short film "The Master: A LEGO Ninjago Short", as well as four new short films: "Dark Hoser", "Batman is Just Not That Into You", "Cooking with Alfred" and "Movie Sound Effects: How Do They Do That?." "The LEGO Batman Movie" was released on DVD, Blu-ray (2D and 3D), and Ultra HD Blu-ray by Warner Bros. Home Entertainment on June 13, 2017. The film debuted at No. 3 on the NPD VideoScan overall disc sales chart.

A video game based on the film, The Lego Batman Movie Game, was released in North America on January 1, 2017 for Android and iOS.

"The LEGO Batman Movie" grossed $175.8 million in the United States and Canada and $136.2 million in other territories for a worldwide gross of $312 million, against a production budget of $80 million.

In the United States and Canada, "The LEGO Batman Movie" opened alongside two other sequels, "Fifty Shades Darker" and "", and was projected to gross around $60 million from 4,088 theaters in its opening weekend. It earned $2.2 million from Thursday-night previews and $14.5 million on Friday. It went on to open with $53 million, finishing first at the box office. In its second weekend, the film grossed $32.7 million (a drop of 38.4%), again topping the box office; with the additional President's Day holiday on Monday, it made a total of $42.7 million for the weekend. In its third weekend of release, the film dropped to second at the box office, behind newcomer "Get Out", grossing $19.2 million (a drop of 41.2%).

Outside North America the film was simultaneously released in 61 countries, and was expected to gross around $40 million over its first three days. It ended up grossing $37 million in its opening weekend, including $9.3 million in the United Kingdom, $2.6 million in Mexico, $2.3 million in Germany and $2.2 million in Russia.

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 89% based on 304 reviews, with an average rating of 7.54/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""The Lego Batman Movie" continues its block-buster franchise's winning streak with another round of dizzyingly funny—and beautifully animated—family-friendly mayhem." It was ranked the 14th best superhero movie of all time on the site. On Metacritic, the film has a score of 75 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A–" on an A+ to F scale.

Mike Ryan of "Uproxx" gave the film a positive review, praising its comedy, and saying: ""The LEGO Batman Movie" isn’t the same experience as watching "The LEGO Movie", but I also don’t think it's trying to be. It’s trying to be a fun superhero movie with clever callbacks to previous Batman films (every single Batman movie all the way back to the 1940s serials are referenced) that can, at least, provide DC superhero fans with a taste of fun amidst all the doom and gloom. (That can either be a reference to 'the real world' or the current DC Cinematic Universe films, you can choose either one you want or both.) And at that, "The LEGO Batman Movie" succeeds." Chris Nashawaty of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the film a "B+" and wrote, ""LEGO Batman" revs so fast and moves so frenetically that it becomes a little exhausting by the end. It flirts with being too much of a good thing. But rarely has corporate brainwashing been so much fun and gone down with such a delightful aftertaste." Justin Chang of the "Los Angeles Times" was positive in his review, saying, "In its best moments, this gag-a-minute Bat-roast serves as a reminder that, in the right hands, a sharp comic scalpel can be an instrument of revelation as well as ridicule." Michael O'Sullivan of "The Washington Post" praised the film for its heart, humor, and action which, "snap together, with a satisfying click."

On December 5, 2018, McKay announced a sequel to the film was in the works, with himself returning to direct once again. The film was set for release in 2022.

With Universal Pictures acquiring the film rights to "The Lego Movie" franchise in 2019, the future of the sequel is currently uncertain.



</doc>
<doc id="44079945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44079945" title="Yanks Ahoy">
Yanks Ahoy

Yanks Ahoy is a 1943 American comedy film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Earle Snell and Clarence Marks. The film stars William Tracy, Joe Sawyer, Marjorie Woodworth, Minor Watson and Frank Faylen. The film was released on June 29, 1943, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44080231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44080231" title="Aces: A Story of the First Air War">
Aces: A Story of the First Air War

Aces: A Story of the First Air War (Les As du ciel - Chronique de la première guerre des airs for a French-language version) is a 92-minute 1993 Canadian historical drama film directed by Raoul Fox and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The film chronicles the career of a fictional Canadian aviator during the First World War. From his commissioning in 1914, he becomes an observer and then wins his wings as a fighter pilot, and by 1918, is involved in the deadly air combat over the front lines.

Recalling the stories of his late grandfather, a young man deliberates over the sale of a homebuilt replica of a S.E.5 fighter aircraft they had built together. His grandfather's voice comes back to him, relating his experiences, beginning with his enlistment in 1914 as a soldier in Canada. After a time in the trenches on the Western Front as an officer in the infantry, he applies to become an aviator and is assigned to a balloon corps as an air observer.

Spotting for gunners is his first task, but the job is dangerous, as balloons draw the attention of anti-aircraft batteries (called "archie") and enemy aircraft. A parachute saves him when his balloon is shot down. His second transfer request to an aircraft squadron is quickly approved, mainly because there is a pressing need for replacements during the "Fokker Scourge" in 1915–1916, when Allied flyers were being shot down in large numbers by superior German Fokker aircraft.

Flying aerial reconnaissance missions in a B.E.2C reconnaissance/bomber aircraft is just as harrowing. Although the air observers are armed and able to fight back, the crews call themselves "Fokker fodder". With the development of more capable Allied fighters, air superiority is slowly won back. On the ground, armies are no longer able to move without being observed from the air, leading to a blood-stained stalemate.

In the air, German ascendency in fighters reasserts itself, leading to "Bloody April", 1917. Until new Allied designs appear, the skies over the Western Front are ruled by German aces such as Baron Manfred von Richthofen, the "Red Baron". After being wounded, a final application to become a pilot is approved. The air war is still considered the realm of "knights of the air" by not only Canadians but also Americans signing up, even before their country enters the war. At the completion of his training in 1918, despite his background as an air observer, grandfather is a neophyte assigned to a fighter squadron at the front. Flying the new S.E.5, he takes part in air combat against seasoned German aces.

With his prospects grim, he beats "the odds" when the Armistice ends the conflict. The Canadian contribution to the air war has been remarkable: 10,000 aviators, including "Billy" Bishop and Raymond Collishaw, among the top aces in the war.

His grandson resolves to keep the replica S.E.5 as a tribute to his grandfather and all the others who fought in the first air war.

"Aces: A Story of the First Air War" is more of a docudrama than a traditional documentary, weaving a fictional story into a depiction of the air war on the Western Front. Canadian military aviation historians Philip Markham (technical coordinator and historical consultant) and Brereton Greenhous (historical consultant) provided historical context to the fictional account of a Canadian aviator. Group Captain (RCAF Ret'd) A.J. Bauer was the film's overall technical consultant.

The film utilized rarely seen archival footage from the National Archives of Canada, the Imperial War Museum, the Audiovisual Archives (The Hague) and the Fokker Aircraft Corporation (Amsterdam). Some aerial scenes were from the film "Wings" (1927). Footage was also shot of modern First World War replicas flown by owner-pilot Cole Palen at the Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome, in Red Hook, New York.

"Aces: A Story of the First Air War" was primarily made-for-television and after broadcast on a number of different Canadian networks in 1993 was released to the home market on June 4, 1997. The film was made available as a VHS video to schools, libraries, film libraries operated by university and provincial authorities and other interested parties.

Reviews were generally favourable, with the "Video Rating Guide for Libraries" noting: "High school students to adults will find [Aces] offers an excellent use of documentary technique to capture the mood of World War I. The video's recollection of World War I brings a vivid contrast to current military air technology." Alex Leites, in a review for the "History Journal", called the film "... this hidden gem." "Library Journal" stated "The film's producers have done a superb job of applying modern standards to rare archival footage."

"The New York Times" reviewer said, "This video combines rare film footage with interviews to re-create aspects of the real-life battles confronted by America's<sic> World War I flying aces."

"Aces: A Story of the First Air War" received a number of awards: 


</doc>
<doc id="44082688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44082688" title="A Dark Reflection">
A Dark Reflection

A Dark Reflection (aka Flight 313: The Conspiracy) is a 2015 British independent investigative thriller film directed and produced by former British Airways airline captain Tristan Loraine. Billed as "Erin Brockovich" meets "All the President's Men" and as a fact-based investigative thriller, the film is based on the director's own experience as a commercial pilot.

"A Dark Reflection" was made largely by volunteers with funding from unions, passenger groups and concerned aviation figures. It is said to be based on actual events surrounding the issue of Aerotoxic Syndrome. 

After journalist Eastman (Georgina Sutcliffe) returns home after a disastrous assignment in the Middle East, she finds a new job at a local newspaper to be closer to her friend, Joe Forbes (T.J. Herbert), an air traffic controller. Following an near mid-air collision involving JASP Airlines, flight 313. Joe has been suspended. He contends that the pilot was being slow to obey the orders of the tower.

This incident does not appear in the press, which intrigues Helen. She convinces her new boss, Nick Robertson (Paul Antony-Barber), that a cover-up has taken place. Natasha Stevens (Rita Ramnani) joins Helen in the investigation of the air safety issues involved. They soon learn the JASP Airlines company officer, David Morris (Stephen Tompkinson), has died, but his wife, a flight attendant, discovers that he has been investigating the same concerns about air safety for years. 

The new director of JASP Air, Ben Tyrell (Mark Dymond), discovers that the incident of Flight 313 is not the first and begins to ask his own questions. When the chief engineer of the company tells him that the pressurization of the aircraft has a design problem, letting vaporized oils pass into the cabin air'

Ultimately, the dark side of the aviation industry is exposed with incidents of contaminated air as far back as the 1950s. The pervasive industry denial campaign is supported by the owners of the JASP airline company, Charles (Nicholas Day) and Maggie Jasper (Marina Sirtis}. Ben has to deal with a moral issue: corporate profit or public safety? 

Meanwhile, Helen and Natasha understand that the flight crew, but also the passengers, are at risk. They would like to make a scoop, but their opponent, the aviation industry, is a major opponent, not hesitating to buy the silence of its detractors. 

At an aviation conference, however, the director of JASP Air indicates that the company's aircraft will begin to be modified so that the air in their cabin is of good quality.

Pre-production of "A Dark Reflection" started in January 2013 with filming commencing in June 2013 in West Sussex, England.

Principal photography for "A Dark Reflection" initially lasted 40 days. It was filmed in Techniscope format using Fuji 35mm film by Director of Photography Nicholas Eriksson.

All of the filming for "A Dark Reflection" was done on location in England apart from a week of filming in Jordan, Loraine deciding not to use a soundstage. Further filming was carried out in Spring 2014 in Horsham. Principal photography was carried out at a wide selection of locations in West Sussex and East Sussex such as Shoreham Airport, Gatwick Airport, Bluebell Railway, South Lodge Hotel, Fontwell Park Racecourse, Holy Innocents Church, Southwater, Horsham, Sedgwick Park and at NATS Holdings in Whiteley.

Southdown Gliding Club in Storrington provided the venue for the complex glider scene in the film where the audience first meets JASP airline Captain Jeremy Adamson (Christopher Dickins) and his daughter Molly, played by 16-year-old Romina Hytten. Despite never having been in a glider before, Romina managed to smile her way through 22 consecutive loops and countless rolls with experienced pilot Guy Westgate.

"A Dark Reflection" embraced a cooperative model for film-making. Instead of raising the capital funds to make the film, a variety of businesses and individuals supplied goods and services, in addition to financial investment. Over one hundred co-operative businesses and individuals partnered with the film, making it the largest co-operative film to date.

In May 2014, producer Tristan Loraine and senior assistant producer Sarah Holloway took the film to Cannes, where "A Dark Reflection" was screened at the Marché du Film, the market section of Cannes on
15 and 19 May. The film received a positive response, and screened to a packed auditorium.

Following its success at Cannes, Los Angeles based sales agent Artist View Entertainment began selling "A Dark Reflection".
In its first press release, Scott Jones, President of Artist View Entertainment stated, "We are very pleased to be working with Tristan Loraine and his powerful independent film. The production values and tightly crafted Direction are the key factors in pushing home a frightening message for those of us who travel by air on a daily basis." Other reviews were also positive about the film, highlighting the importance of the issues for public interest: Ted Jeory, Home Affairs Editor of the "[Sunday Express]", London, wrote, "It's got the lot. A film that has suspense, drama, action, intrepid journalism, and perhaps most importantly–a cause. "A Dark Reflection" shines a light on aviation's dirty secret: the quality of the air we breathe on board planes. It's an important step in the decades long challenge to Big Oil and Big Aviation." Ross Coulthart of "Sunday Night" on Channel 7, Sydney, wrote, ""A Dark Reflection" is a gripping thriller based on the true-life scandal of a major toxic air health problem widespread on modern passenger jets. The most confronting thing about this extraordinary film is that it's all true."

"A Dark Reflection" is due to be screened by Artist View Entertainment at the American Film Market (AFM) 5 & 6 November 2014.

The film "A Dark Reflection" was released to the public in the United Kingdom on 27 February 2015 to a limited number of Cinemas. A private VIP screening of "A Dark Reflection" was shown in Horsham on 26 February.DVD sales are anticipated in the summer of 2015.

In review, critics said the film has the right intention but fails because of vast deficiencies in the storyline, screenplay, acting and its directing. "The Daily Telegraph" wrote, "...well-intentioned and informed, this tinny and tensionless dispatch really doesn’t." In their review, "The Guardian" called it a "clunky drama". "The Hollywood News" wrote, "It’s a fascinating story and one that could easily be improved on by the right writer, director, and cast."

Following his own journey from British Airways, to film producer and director, it has always been Tristan Loraine's ambition to raise awareness of the issues involving toxic air. After being forced to retire due to ill health, and losing friends, both pilots and crew who died from the poisonous fumes on board the aircraft they flew, Tristan has sought to bring aerotoxic syndrome to the attention of the public. The concept of toxic cabin air has been of interest to the media for some years. In May 2014 The Daily Telegraph shared a video of a passenger who suffered health issues after taking an American flight. It is argued that the cause of the toxic air comes from the plane build, which brings bleed air into the aircraft cabin and cockpit via the engines; this has the potential for a bleed air leak. "A Dark Reflection" follows several documentary films also produced by Fact Not Fiction Films seeking to bring this issue to the fore. The film's tagline, "What happened on Flight 313?" links to a real event.

The producers of "A Dark Reflection" are keen to promote the bleed free aircraft, such as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, which is the first of its kind. Yet despite it being released in 2007, with The Telegraph calling it, "A Breath of Fresh Air", in 2009, there have been no moves since by the airline industry to remodel any other aircraft.

"A Dark Reflection" has been likened to the events of the missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370. However, the airline flight MH370 disappeared on 8 March 2014, which was after the filming of "A Dark Reflection", which took place during the summer of 2013. Although there is no deliberate link to the film and disappearance of MH370, it has not been said that there couldn't be some significant similarity.



</doc>
<doc id="44086655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44086655" title="Lady of Vengeance">
Lady of Vengeance

Lady of Vengeance is a 1957 black-and-white British crime film directed by Burt Balaban, and starring Dennis O'Keefe, Patrick Barr, Anton Diffring, "and introducing" Ann Sears, in her first film role.

"A shocking woman... a shocker of a story!" 

When 21-year-old Melissa Collins (Eileen Elton) commits suicide, her guardian, the domineering American newspaper publisher William T. Marshall (Dennis O'Keefe), searches (in flashback) for a reason. He finds it in a letter he receives from Melissa, after her death. In this, she asks Marshall to take revenge on her lover, philandering musician Larry Shaw (Vernon Greeves), who caused her such pain he made life not worth living. Marshall hires criminal mastermind, Karnak (Anton Diffring), an avid philatelist. He promises him a rare stamp in exchange for planning the torturous murder of Larry Shaw. Meanwhile, Marshall's loyal secretary, Katie Whiteside (Ann Sears), attempts to calm her boss's obsessive desires for vengeance. Matters become additionally complicated however, when Karnak targets the wrong man.


Dennis Schwartz writing in "Ozus' World Movie Reviews", called the film a "tedious noir crime drama about the insanity of revenge"; Leonard Maltin also described the film as "tedious"; and "TV Guide" noted, "the plot is very confusing, making it hard to follow this picture. Slack direction does little to help."


</doc>
<doc id="44087384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44087384" title="Bar 20">
Bar 20

Bar 20 is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Morton Grant, Michael Wilson and Norman Houston. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, George Reeves, Dustine Farnum, Victor Jory, Douglas Fowley, Betty Blythe, Robert Mitchum and Francis McDonald. The film was released on October 1, 1943, by United Artists.

Hopalong Cassidy and his sidekicks California Carlson and Lin Bradley leave their Bar 20 ranch for a cattle buy from the Stevens spread. Along the way, they encounter Mrs. Stevens, her daughter Marie and ranch hand Mark Jackson, whose stagecoach has been robbed by the Quirt Rankin gang.

Marie's stolen jewels are held for ransom and her sweetheart Richard Adams intends to raise the money. Jackson, secretly the boss of Quirt's gang, tries to swindle Richard out of his land and lends him cash that was Hoppy's cattle money before the robbery. He also kills Quirt.

Hoppy mistakenly believes Richard to be the thief and takes back the money. The honest Richard forms a posse that places Hoppy, California and Lin under arrest. A scheme to trap Jackson pays off, however, and once he's apprehended, all is well.



</doc>
<doc id="44087463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44087463" title="False Colors">
False Colors

False Colors is a 1943 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Morton Grant, Michael Wilson and Norman Houston. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jimmy Rogers, Douglass Dumbrille, Tom Seidel, Claudia Drake and Robert Mitchum. The film was released on November 5, 1943, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44087740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44087740" title="Riders of the Deadline">
Riders of the Deadline

Riders of the Deadline is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Bennett Cohen. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jimmy Rogers, Frances Woodward, Robert Mitchum, Richard Crane, Anthony Warde and William Halligan. The film was released on December 3, 1943, by United Artists.




</doc>
<doc id="44089815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44089815" title="Concussion (2015 film)">
Concussion (2015 film)

Concussion is a 2015 American biographical sports drama film directed and written by Peter Landesman, based on the exposé "Game Brain" by Jeanne Marie Laskas, published in 2009 by "GQ" magazine. Set in 2002, the film stars Will Smith as Dr. Bennet Omalu, a forensic pathologist who fights against the National Football League trying to suppress his research on chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) brain degeneration suffered by professional football players. It also stars Alec Baldwin. 

The film premiered at AFI Fest on November 11, 2015 and was released by Columbia Pictures on December 25, 2015. The film grossed $48 million worldwide and received mixed reviews, although Smith earned a Golden Globe nomination.

Steelers center Mike Webster is found dead in his pickup truck, after years of self-mutilation and homelessness. Before his death, Justin Strzelczyk, a former fellow football player, confides in Webster that he is starting to lose his memory, is saying odd things to his children, and nearly threw his wife against the wall. A disoriented Webster brushes Strzelczyk's worries off, and deliriously tells him that the most important thing "is to finish the game," reciting what he said during his Hall of Fame speech.

Dr. Bennet Omalu (Will Smith), a forensic pathologist with the Allegheny County, Pennsylvania coroner's office, handles Webster's autopsy. He wonders how an otherwise healthy man could have degenerated so quickly, and makes it a point to figure out why he died of a heart attack at only fifty years of age. Dr. Omalu closely examines microscope slides of Webster's brain and sees evidence of severe neurotrauma, concluding that Webster died as a result of the long-term effects of repeated blows to the head, a disorder he terms chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). With the help of former Steelers team doctor Dr. Julian Bailes, fellow neurologist Dr. Steven DeKosky and county coroner Dr. Cyril Wecht, Dr. Omalu publishes his findings in "Neurosurgery", which are dismissed by the NFL.

Over several years, Dr. Omalu discovers that three additional deceased NFL players, Justin Strzelczyk (2004), Terry Long (2005), and Andre Waters (2006), exhibited symptoms very similar to Webster's. He persuades newly appointed NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to allow him to present his findings before a player safety committee. However, the NFL does not take him seriously, and he is barred from the committee meeting, forcing the former NFL employee Bailes to give the presentation in place of Dr. Omalu. However, the meeting is a set up, where the NFL claims that the players' head trauma is unrelated to football, but rather, due to past injuries. As he leaves the meeting, former NFL Players Association executive Dave Duerson angrily confronts Dr. Omalu and tells him to "go back to Africa."

Dr. Omalu is subjected to considerable pressure to back down from his efforts, as football is a widely beloved sport in Pittsburgh, having provided jobs and allowed men to go to college. Wecht is subjected to a politically motivated prosecution on corruption charges, and Dr. Omalu is forced to leave Pittsburgh soon after, lest he be deported, or sent to prison on petty charges as punishment for tarnishing the NFL's image. Before leaving, he urges the NFL to tell the truth. Dr. Omalu's wife, Prema, suffers a miscarriage after being followed in her car. The Omalus are forced to leave their dream home outside Pittsburgh, relocating to Lodi, California where he takes a job with the San Joaquin County coroner's office.

Three years later, Dr. Omalu is vindicated when Duerson commits suicide due to an increasing inability to cope with worsening cognitive function. In his suicide note, Duerson acknowledges that Dr. Omalu was right, and offers his brain for future research. Dr. Omalu is invited to address an NFLPA conference on concussions and CTE. He informs them that he once wished he had never known Mike Webster, but by knowing him, he has the responsibility to inform NFL players of the true risks that they take by playing. He says that he holds no resentment for the NFL and tells them to forgive themselves and be at peace. Amid growing scrutiny from Congress, the NFL is forced to take the concussion issue more seriously, and in 2011, NFL players sue the league for not properly informing them of the risk of CTE. Dr. Omalu is offered the job of Chief Medical Examiner for the District of Columbia, but the closing credits show Omalu turning the offer down to remain with his family in Lodi, becoming naturalized as a U.S. citizen in February 2015. A final montage includes reports of Junior Seau's suicide in 2012 and subsequent lawsuits brought against the NFL by thousands of former players.

Ridley Scott's idea of an NFL concussion film was inspired by Dr. Bennett Omalu's study about former NFL stars Junior Seau and Dave Duerson, both of whom committed suicide after suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). Scott was set to direct after his film "", while he and Facio were looking for an A-list writer. In November and December 2013, two more NFL concussion films were in development, first "Game Time Decision" with writer/director and former NFL training camp attendee wide receiver Matthew A. Cherry and actor Isaiah Washington, and another film "League of Denial" with producers Walter Parkes and Laurie MacDonald. Landesman had based his script on the 2009 GQ article "Game Brain" by Jeanne Marie Laskas. Smith and Marsan previously appeared together in the 2008 superhero film "Hancock". It received $14.4 million in film tax credits from Pennsylvania.

Principal photography started on October 27, 2014, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and filmed there through mid-January. One of the film's key scenes was shot in Altius Restaurant in the Mt. Washington section of Pittsburgh. Other area scenes were shot at a church in Pittsburgh's Hill District, the Braddock Carnegie Library, and in downtown Pittsburgh.

James Newton Howard composed the score for the film. Klayton (frontman of Celldweller) provided synth programming for the score. R&B singer Leon Bridges provided a new song, called "So Long".

The first trailer was released on YouTube on August 31, 2015 by Sony Pictures Entertainment. Sony released the film on December 25, 2015. Marketing included advertisements for the film airing during NFL games.

"Concussion" was released on Digital HD on March 15, 2016, before being released two weeks later on DVD, Blu-ray and 4K Ultra HD on March 29, 2016.

"Concussion" grossed $34.5 million in North America and $14.1 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $48.6 million, against a budget of $35 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened on December 25, 2015 alongside "Daddy's Home", "Joy", "Point Break" and the nationwide expansion of "The Big Short". In its opening weekend, the film was projected to gross $8–10 million from 2,841 theaters. It eventually grossed $10.5 million, finishing 7th at the box office. Due to Smith's star status and the $35 million production budget, the film was considered a box office disappointment.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 59% based on 199 reviews, with an average rating of 6.08/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Concussion" lands a solid, well-acted hit on its impressively timely subject matter, even if its traditional, sports drama structure is a little too safe to deserve a full-on dance in the end zone." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 55 out of 100, based on 39 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". On CinemaScore, audiences gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.

Will Smith's performance was praised for being "sensitive [and] understated" by "The Denver Post". Alec Baldwin's performance was well-received, although his accent was criticized.

Family members of Dave Duerson, a former NFL player who suffered from CTE (chronic traumatic encephalopathy) and committed suicide, claimed the film portrayed Duerson in a bad light. In one scene, Duerson's character called Omalu's character a "quack" in addition to telling him "to go back to Africa" and "get away from our game." In another scene, Duerson is shown mocking former NFL player Andre Waters when he filed an application for benefits in connection with head injuries he sustained while playing in the NFL. Duerson's family members called these scenes false. In response, Landesman, the film's director, stated that the film was "emotionally and spiritually accurate all the way through". When asked about the accuracy of the film, Steven DeKosky also noted that it took numerous liberties.
"Slate" science writer Daniel Engber, who has been skeptical of the link between CTE and the deaths of players found to have had it, called the film inaccurate in other ways, for example suggesting that Wecht's arrest on corruption charges was motivated by Omalu's paper, when in fact it was published three months afterwards. "[The film] feeds into a pervasive myth at the center of the national discussion over football and head injuries," he charges. In particular, he cites a 2012 National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health study indicating that football players, on average compared to the population as a whole, live longer and generally healthier lives, though the study also indicates, as Engber concedes, that former football players are also more likely to suffer, and die, from neurodegenerative disease.

More recent research and thinking also looks at the steady accumulation of subconcussive blows, in addition to symptomatic concussions, as a major contribution factor in the development of CTE. For example, a 2018 study found that each year an athlete played tackle football before age 12 predicted earlier onset of CTE symptoms by an average of two-and-a half-years, but not symptom severity. These CTE symptoms include cognitive, behavioral, and mood problems.

After comparing the script (from the Sony Pictures hack) with the released movie, "Deadspin" claimed the movie was edited to appease the NFL, including reducing prominence of Roger Goodell and Paul Tagliabue in the film, as well as changing or removing dialogue. "The New York Times" discovered emails directly referencing removing "unflattering moments for the NFL” and removing “most of the bite” out of the film “for legal reasons with the NFL". Landesman stated the changes were made "to portray the characters and story as accurately as possible to reduce the chance that the league could attack the filmmakers for taking too much creative license".




</doc>
<doc id="44089989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44089989" title="The Borderlands (2013 film)">
The Borderlands (2013 film)

The Borderlands," released in the United States as Final Prayer", is a 2013 British found footage horror film and the feature film directorial debut of Elliot Goldner, who also wrote the movie's script. It had its world premiere on 24 August 2013 at the London FrightFest Film Festival and centers upon a group of Vatican investigators researching an old church rumoured to be the site of a miracle.

Three men – Deacon, a sceptical religious brother, Gray, an English layman and technology expert and Father Mark Amidon – are sent by the Vatican to investigate reports of supernatural activity in an old, recently reopened church located in the Devon countryside.

Upon their first visit to the church, local priest Father Crellick tells them a miracle has taken place, while Gray sets up recording equipment. Crellick shows them footage of objects on the altar mysteriously moving but Deacon remains sceptical. The next day, Mark discovers a hidden side panel but he is disturbed by an unseen force before he can enter. A multi-mic radio setup detects the sound of deep growls and whispers, followed by the sound of an infant crying. Mark pursues a despondent Crellick up the bell tower to the roof; Crellick questions whether he has witnessed a miracle or something far worse – he leaps to his death before a horrified Mark. 

The inhabitants of the village start to behave with hostility towards the team. Local youths burn a sheep to death outside the men's cottage. The local pub landlord evicts Deacon and Gray from his premises after overhearing the two men discussing local folklore and the credibility of the tenets of old pagan religions versus those of Christianity. Deacon continues to investigate and traces whispers and creaks to a hidden door, inscribed with a pagan sigil he has seen in the diaries of the last minister to serve at the church until it was closed in the 18th century. Behind the door, a set of stairs leads down into darkness and Deacon is assailed by the sounds of a baby crying and Crellick screaming. 

Deacon brings in his elderly mentor from the Vatican, exorcist Father Calvino, in an attempt to purify the church grounds. Calvino has evidence that the church is situated on a site that once played host to human sacrifices to an unnamed pagan deity that was worshipped by the pre-Christian inhabitants of the area centuries ago. He explains that during the founding of Christianity in England, priests would build churches upon the sites of pagan temples to more easily integrate the locals. 

That night, during the exorcism, violent and invisible forces shake the church. Mark is apparently killed and Calvino's eyes bleed before their bodies mysteriously vanish. Deacon traces distant cries to the hidden staircase. As Gray and Deacon descend into a subterranean labyrinth, they find evidence of child sacrifice and realise that the former minister had converted to worshipping the pagan deity. Seemingly spotting Mark, who walks into the darkness heedless of their calls, the pair find Calvino's ornamental crucifix on the floor of one of the tunnels. Following the sound of Mark's voice, they crawl through a narrow, foul-smelling passageway whose exits suddenly contract via a membranous material before the tunnel itself begins to move. The walls begin to secrete a powerful digestive enzyme which horribly burns the two men. As their lights go out, Gray screams in agony and terror while a tormented Deacon recites the Lord's Prayer.


Critical reception for "The Borderlands" has been predominantly positive and the film holds a rating of 81% on "Rotten Tomatoes", based on 16 reviews. Common elements of praise centred upon the acting and the interactions between Gordon Kennedy and Robin Hill's characters, and "Radio Times" commented that "It's the pair's easy-going chemistry that firmly anchors this slow-burning shocker, whose rural setting deliberately evokes "The Wicker Man"". "Time Out London" and "The Hollywood Reporter" both gave mixed reviews for the film, and "The Hollywood Reporter" wrote that it has "plenty of chilling atmosphere but lacks bite".



</doc>
<doc id="44091767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44091767" title="The Woman of the Town">
The Woman of the Town

The Woman of the Town is a 1943 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Aeneas MacKenzie. The film stars Claire Trevor, Albert Dekker, Barry Sullivan, Henry Hull, Porter Hall, Percy Kilbride and Clem Bevans.

The film was loosely based on the true stories of Dora Hand and Bat Masterson. It was released on December 31, 1943, by United Artists.

In 1919, Bat Masterson, now a newspaperman in New York City, reflects back on the previous century and his experiences in the American West.

Traveling to Dodge City, Kansas to look up Inky, an old friend, Bat becomes actively involved after the town's sheriff gets shot. He takes over as lawman, his major concern the ruthless rancher King Kennedy's band of rowdy cowboys.

Dora Hand's singing of a hymn in church leads to Bat becoming infatuated with her. He and the Rev. Small are surprised to discover that Dora works in the saloon, which is owned by "Dog" Kelley, who is also Dodge City's mayor. The reverend finds this inappropriate, but Bat writes a newspaper article condemning prejudice of any kind.

Dora has a good heart. She takes care of a sick child, impressing others in town. She also wants Bat to give up his dangerous life, so she asks her uncle in Kansas City to hire Bat for his newspaper there. The uncle is appalled by Dora's line of work and consents with one stipulation, that she never set foot in Kansas City again.

Back in Dodge, she declines Bat's marriage proposal, knowing she can't join him at the new job. She begins seeing King socially instead. But when a fight breaks out, King's errant gunshots hit Dora by mistake. After her funeral, Bat buries his guns and leaves town.



</doc>
<doc id="44093780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44093780" title="Texas Masquerade">
Texas Masquerade

Texas Masquerade is a 1944 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud, written by Jack Lait Jr. and Norman Houston, and starring William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jimmy Rogers, Don Costello, Mady Correll and Francis McDonald. It was released on February 8, 1944, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44093914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44093914" title="The Dressmaker (2015 film)">
The Dressmaker (2015 film)

The Dressmaker is a 2015 Australian revenge comedy-drama film written and directed by Jocelyn Moorhouse, based on the 2000 novel of the same name by Rosalie Ham. It stars Kate Winslet as a femme fatale in the title role of the dressmaker, Myrtle "Tilly" Dunnage, who returns to a small Australian town to take care of her ailing, mentally unstable mother. The film explores the themes of revenge and creativity and was described by Moorhouse as "Clint Eastwood's "Unforgiven" with a sewing machine".

The project was first developed in 2000, and Ham wrote a treatment herself. After initial attempts failed, Sue Maslin bought the rights to the novel and hired Moorhouse to direct and write the screenplay. Production took place in Melbourne and across Victoria, Australia in late 2014. The film had its world premiere at 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on 14 September 2015 and had a theatrical release on 29 October 2015 in Australia and New Zealand. It opened at the number 1 spot at the Australian and New Zealand box offices and became the second highest-grossing Australian film of 2015 and eleventh highest-grossing film of all time at Australian box office.

Despite receiving mixed critical reviews, with praise going towards Winslet's performance and criticism focusing on its uneven tone, "The Dressmaker" led the 5th AACTA Awards with thirteen nominations. These included Best Film, Best Direction, Best Production Design, Best Original Music Score, Best Sound, Best Editing, Best Cinematography and won Best Lead Actress, Best Supporting Actress, Best Supporting Actor, Best Costume Design and People's Choice Award for Favourite Australian Film.

In 1926, in the Australian outback town of Dungatar, schoolgirl Myrtle Dunnage is blamed for the death of classmate Stewart Pettyman and exiled from the town by local police sergeant Horatio Farrat (Hugo Weaving).

Twenty-five years later, Myrtle, now an accomplished dressmaker going by the name Tilly (Kate Winslet), returns to Dungatar. Unable to remember the events of Stewart's death, Tilly asks her mentally ill mother Molly (Judy Davis), but she remembers nothing about the incident. 

At the local football final game, Tilly’s red couture gown distracts the Dungatar players. Teddy McSwiney (Liam Hemsworth) confronts Tilly, and she changes into a black but equally alluring outfit before the last quarter. When the teams swap ends of the field, the team from nearby Winyerp are distracted by Tilly's dress, and Dungatar wins. Tilly agrees to make a dress for Gertrude Pratt (Sarah Snook) for the upcoming footballers dance, in exchange for the truth about Stewart's death. Gertrude reveals that Tilly had hidden from Stewart, who was bullying her, but Gertrude revealed Tilly's location in self-defence.

At the dance, Gertrude's dress captures the attention of William Beaumont (James Mackay), and they later become engaged. The townspeople ask Tilly for extravagant dresses, and Teddy pursues a romantic relationship with her.

Sergeant Farrat confesses to Tilly that he exiled her because Stewart's father Evan (Shane Bourne), a town councillor, blackmailed him for secretly being a cross-dresser. Tilly and Farrat bond over their shared passion for designer clothing. Evan recruits Una Pleasance (Sacha Horler) to start a rival dressmaking service, but when Gertrude hires Tilly to create her wedding dress, the townspeople return to Tilly, ruining Una.

Tilly bribes Farrat with a feather boa into letting her read the witness statement given by her former schoolteacher Beulah Harridiene (Kerry Fox), and she becomes convinced Beulah lied for fear Evan would blame her for Stewart’s death. Tilly tells Farrat this at Gertrude's wedding reception, but he remains convinced that Tilly killed Stewart, as everyone else in town had an alibi. He also reveals that Evan is Tilly's father. Tilly leaves, and Teddy follows after his developmentally disabled brother, Barney (Gyton Grantley), hysterically says Tilly "moved" when Stewart died.

Teddy takes Tilly to the schoolhouse, and tells her how Stewart died. Stewart had subdued Tilly against a wall, threatening to murder her mother if she moved. He charged head-down at her, but she moved aside and Stewart broke his neck. Barney witnessed this from the town silo, but was afraid people would think he was lying. Tilly and Teddy go to his caravan and make love. They sit atop the silo, and Teddy shows off by jumping inside, but asphyxiates as he sinks into the grain.

Molly reveals that Evan knew about Tilly, and when Stewart died he had Tilly sent away to hurt Molly. She encourages Tilly to use her dressmaking talents against the townspeople. After suffering a stroke, Molly dies. While Tilly and Farrat hold a wake, Beulah snoops around the house. Tilly drunkenly objects to the music, and injures Beulah when she throws the portable record player off the verandah. Beulah is helped onto a train to Melbourne, ostensibly for treatment but really to be placed in an asylum.

Percival Almanac (Barry Otto), the town chemist who mistreated Tilly as a child, drowns in a pond behind his house; his wife Irma (Julia Blake), under the influence of hash brownies baked by Molly, does not save him. To prevent Tilly's arrest, Sergeant Farrat takes the blame and is removed from the town. Tilly reveals Evan’s philandering to his wife, Marigold. Confronting Evan, Marigold cuts his Achilles tendons and leaves him to bleed to death.

Traveling to Winyerp to perform in a competitive Eisteddfod, the townspeople realize the numerous deaths have left them without a full cast, and that Tilly has created Winyerp's costumes. Tilly sets fire to her house and to a paraffin-soaked bolt of red fabric, rolling it down the hill towards the town. Stating that she is no longer cursed, she leaves the town by train. The townspeople return to find Dungatar has burned down.

Rosalie Ham sold the rights of the novel for film in mid 2000s. She said in an interview, "I had ten offers on the table within weeks of the book coming out. I selected a producer who seemed passionate about the book and determined to make it happen" and even wrote a screenplay for the film but somehow the project never took off. While missing out on the rights to begin with, producer Sue Maslin reconnected with the author whom she hadn't seen for 30 years since they were at boarding school together. After the initial project was shelved, Maslin optioned the rights of the novel in 2009 and brought Moorhouse on board to direct and write the screenplay for the film. Maslin said, "She (Moorhouse) was living in Los Angeles and I flew there twice to talk to her (about coming back to Australia to make the film). It goes back to what she did with "Proof", where every scene was on a knife edge between comedy and tragedy. You don't know whether to laugh or cry." Screen Australia, Film Victoria, Ingenious Media, White Hot Productions, Fulcrum Media Finance, Motion Picture Lightning, and Soundfirm provided the additional investment for the film.

Moorhouse came on board for the project, saying, "I've waited years to make this movie. It's about my favourite subjects: revenge, love and creativity. I'm deeply grateful to have such extraordinary actors working on this with me." Moorhouse's husband, film director P. J. Hogan, served as the script editor for the project.

Kate Winslet and Judy Davis joined the cast of the film as Myrtle "Tilly" and Molly Dunnage respectively in August 2013. Maslin had Winslet and Davis in mind from the start of the project for the roles but knew that securing both of them would not be easy, saying, "Kate gets sent hundreds of scripts a year, and chooses two or three. She fell in love with Tilly, so it was all down to Jocelyn and her beautiful script" and "I've been trying to get Judy to work with me for about 20 years, I always offer her things and so does my husband. So when I read this character I thought, if only I could get Judy to do this. I was actually scared to send her the script, I kept doing more and more drafts so what she got was the best possible version. I was nervous, but I needn't have been because she seemed to respond to the character pretty quickly."

Liam Hemsworth as Teddy McSwiney, Isla Fisher as Gertrude Pratt and Elizabeth Debicki as Una joined the cast in early May 2014. Speaking about the casting, Moorhouse said, "Kate is perfect for Tilly, she’s beautiful, intelligent, and deeply mysterious on screen. Judy Davis is amongst the great contemporary actresses and she will bring powerful wit and charm to the role of Molly. Liam Hemsworth is a laid back, genuine charmer who’s also tall, dark and movie-star handsome." In early October 2014, Hugo Weaving joined the cast as Sergeant Farrat, a secret cross-dressing police officer of Dungatar.

On 10 October 2014, it was announced that Debicki had dropped out of the film to play the lead in "The Kettering Incident" and had been replaced by Sacha Horler. Fisher also left the project due to pregnancy, and was replaced by Sarah Snook. Additional cast members were announced including Caroline Goodall, Shane Bourne, Kerry Fox, Rebecca Gibney, Shane Jacobson, Alison Whyte and Genevieve Lemon.

Ham encouraged the casting of extras from her hometown of Jerilderie, New South Wales, Australia, saying, "It was important to me that Jerilderie locals had a chance to be in the movie." The last portion of filming took place at Wimmera and more than 100 locals participated as extras. For the players in football match scene in the film, casting director Charlotte Seymour hired most of the extras from Wimmera's "Laharum Football Netball Club". Singer Lanie Lane, who recorded songs for the soundtrack album of the film, also appears as an extra in the film. Ham herself makes an appearance as an extra in the film.

Production was initially planned to start in early 2014, but due to Winslet's pregnancy it was delayed to late 2014. Pre-production finally began in September 2014, with the construction of fictional town Dungatar started on 16 September 2014 at Mount Rothwell, one hour out of Melbourne. According to Maslin, after looking at many small towns around regional Victoria with Ham and Moorhouse, they decided to set the location of Dungatar "in the wheat-growing area of Victoria's Wimmera-Mallee". Maslin added, "Rosalie is definite about it being in a wheatbelt but on a hill. We drove around Victoria, NSW and into South Australia for three years looking but never found all the elements. Then one day the location department at Film Victoria rang up and suggested the back of the You Yangs near Geelong, where Heath Ledger had filmed "Ned Kelly". It had a granite outcrop and a landscape of dead trees. Our DOP Don McAlpine took one look and said ‘We have to shoot here’."

The Emmy Award-nominated Marion Boyce was announced as the costume designer for the film. Maslin expressed excitement about working with Boyce on a film in which dressmaking plays an important role. Sophie Theallet was also asked to design two couture gowns for Winslet for the film. In October 2014, Margot Wilson came on board as the costume designer for Tilly Dunnage's wardrobe worn by Winslet in the film. Additional retro clothes and accessories were provided by a shop named "Retropolitan", located in West Annapolis, United States.

Winslet bought a sewing machine and learnt to sew for the film, she explained that "the one we used in the film, it was mine, the one that I had learnt on, and I took it over to Australia so that we could use it in the film." She used the Singer Sewing Machine Singer 201K2 in the film.

Principal photography started on 17 October 2014 in Melbourne, Australia at Docklands Studios and finished on 13 December 2014. Filming also took place at different towns in Victoria, Australia including Mount Rothwell, Little River, Horsham, and in the Wimmera region.

Interior scenes were filmed at the Docklands Studios, where an artificial silo, and part of Dungatar town, including Molly Dunnage's house, were constructed on the sound stage. On 20 October 2014, filming took place in Docklands Studios with Winslet and Davis. On 5 November 2014, filming took place at Muckleford, Victoria railway station, which was transformed into Dungatar's railway station. In the middle of November 2014, scenes were shot at Mount Rothwell, just north of the You Yangs, near Geelong, and later that month, scenes were filmed with an emu named Elvis, courtesy of the Mount Rothwell Biodiversity Interpretation Centre.

Hemsworth only joined the filming in late November 2014 because of his prior commitment to the promotion of "". On 2 December 2014, he, along with Gyton Grantley, shot scenes at Little River, just west of the You Yangs. Filming took place in different areas of Yarraville, a Melbourne suburb, including Ballarat Street, and around the Sun Theatre and the Sun Bookshop, on 4 December 2014. On 5 December 2014, filming took place in Melbourne with Winslet, Hemsworth and Hugo Weaving. A scene was also shot in a hall in the Melbourne suburb of Williamstown, which served as fictional Dungatar.

In second week of December 2014, Maslin, along with a crew of 120 people, moved to Victoria's Wimmera region for further filming. Scenes were shot in different parts of Wimmera, including Sailors’ Home Hall at Murra Warra, the grain silo and cemetery at Jung, Laharum Homestead, and Murtoa Hall. Longerenong Homestead, near Horsham, was used for wedding reception scenes and Jung Recreation Reserve for football-match scenes. On 10 December 2014, football-match scenes were filmed with Winslet, Hemsworth, and Davis. On 12 December 2014, filming took place at Murtoa, which served as fictional town "Winyerp" in Ham's novel. Filming concluded with the shooting of wedding-reception scenes at Longerenong Homestead.

Post-production started in mid-December 2014, and took place at "Soundfirm" Melbourne, with Moorhouse, editor Jill Bilcock and music composer David Hirschfelder and was finished by 30 June 2015. Filming had included the use of greenscreen shots to which visual effects were added in post-production.

David Hirschfelder composed the score of the film. It is Hirschfelder's first collaboration with Moorhouse and second with Maslin, with whom he previously worked on Ann Turner's 2006 mystery drama film "Irresistible". The soundtrack album was released digitally on 15 November 2015 by Hirschfelder's label. It also contains songs recorded by Australian singer and songwriter Lanie Lane.

The first image of Winslet from the film was revealed on 17 December 2014. The first official trailer for the film along with a still from the film featuring Winslet and Liam Hemsworth was released on 13 July 2015.

"The Dressmaker" (novel) was republished as a tie-in-edition with film, featuring a new book cover and released by Penguin Books on 11 August 2015, before the release of the film.

The film was premiered at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival on 14 September 2015. It was screened at Busan International Film Festival on 2 October 2015, followed by its screening at the 2015 Adelaide Film Festival on 16 October 2015. It screened at Mill Valley Film Festival on 17 October 2015 where it won the Audience Favourite Silver Award. It had its Australian premiere in Melbourne on 18 October 2015.

Universal Studios acquired the distribution rights of the film internationally and in Australia and New Zealand and initially planned to release the film on 1 October 2015. It was later changed to 29 October 2015. Energía Entusiasta released the film in Argentina on 19 November 2015. In UK, it had a theatrical release on 20 November 2015. Amazon Studios acquired U.S distribution rights to the film. The film was released in the United States in a limited release on 23 September 2016, with Broad Green Pictures co-distributing with Amazon.

The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 22 February 2016 in Australia. It was released on 14 March 2016 in the UK.

, "The Dressmaker" has grossed over US$24.11 million (AUS$32.14 million), against a budget of US$11.9 million (AUS$17 million).

The film opened at the number 1 position at Australian box office and earned US$697,791.12 (AUS $976,000) on its first day. It opened in 384 theatres and grossed US$5,862.59 (AUS $8,200) per theatre, and made US$2.26 million (AUS $3.16 million) including previews, with total earning of over US$2.56 million (AUS $3.58 million) in its opening weekend in Australia. Similarly it opened to number 1 position in New Zealand and grossed over US$220,329 (NZ $334,818) in three days. In its second week, it retained its no. 1 position at the box office with US$5.8 million (AUS $8.23) in Australia and US$510,000 (NZ $333264.60) in New Zealand.

It beat the record of Russell Crowe's "The Water Diviner" (2014) for the biggest Australian film opening at the box office and became the second highest-grossing Australian film of 2015 after "" and eleventh highest-grossing film of all time at the Australian box office.

The film received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film an approval rating of 55%, based on 128 reviews, with an average score of 5.8/10. The site's critical consensus reads, ""The Dressmaker" boasts a strong central performance by Kate Winslet and a captivating array of narrative weirdness -- all of which may or may not be a comfortable fit with viewers." Metacritic gives a score of 47 out of 100, based on 27 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Justin Chang of "Variety" gave the film a positive review, saying, "Moorhouse's adaptation of Rosalie Ham's 2000 novel may lead audiences to expect a primmer, more well-behaved movie based on its title alone, but that doesn't mean it won't have them in stitches" and praised Winslet and Davis's performances: "Winslet, a difficult actress to root against under any circumstances, has us in her palm from the moment she steps into frame, looking like an avenging dark angel bathed in ’50s noir shadows." and "Davis, whose performance here as a booze-swilling, dementia-addled and infernally sharp-tongued old matriarch is enough of a hoot to make one further wonder what she might have done with the role of Violet Weston in "", onscreen or onstage." Sarah Ward of "Screen International" noted, "Light comedy, romantic drama, small-town secrets and revenge schemes might not seem an easy or winning mix; however in "The Dressmaker", the combination fits." She also praised the costumes in the film, saying that "with the intricate work of costume designers Marion Boyce and Margot Wilson clearly pivotal." Richard Ouzounian of "The Star" gave it four out of four stars, calling it "a true bravura style and manages to serve as revenge tragedy, romantic comedy and stylish entertainment all at once" and saying, "Winslet is smashing as Tilly Dunnage and Davis is sublime." Jon Frosch in his review for "The Hollywood Reporter" said, "The Dressmaker is about as far from essential viewing as one could imagine, but, for all its brightly glaring flaws, much of it qualifies as a glossy, goofy guilty pleasure."

However, Kevin Jagernauth in his review for "Indiewire" criticised the film, writing that it "wants to be a saucy and absurd tale of small town scandal, only to then attempt to try and turn the story completely inside out", which he describes as "a potentially interesting concept" that the movie "never commits to". 
However, he praised the cast: "Winslet anchors the lead role with sexiness and confidence, staying measured even [when] the movie around her isn’t" and describes Judy Davis "stealing most of the scenes", and being "hilarious as Tilly’s eccentric oddball mother". Gregory Ellwood of "HitFix" gave the film a negative review and said, "it's hard to mix over-the-top comedy and serious drama." Benjamin Lee of "The Guardian" gave the film two stars out of five, saying, "The film is a tonally uneven, genre-shifting hurricane of a thing, wildly careering off the rails and smashing into everything in its view," but Jake Wilson for "The Sydney Morning Herald" wrote that its "lurches from broad comedy to grim melodrama and back are evidently intentional, part of a strategy for throwing the viewer off-balance, along with the dramatic colour contrasts and spatial distortions ... and called it a "hoot and a shock to the system" that could be regarded as the "long-delayed feminist answer to "Wake in Fright"".

The film received 13 nominations for AACTA Awards and went on to win five awards, including Best Lead Actress for Winslet, Best Supporting Actress for Davis, Best Supporting Actor for Weaving, Best Costume Design and People's Choice Award for Favourite Australian Film. IDavis was also nominated for Best Supporting Actress at the AACTA International Awards.

In "The Hollywood Reporter"'s annual critic picks, Davis's performance in the film was included among "the 25 Best Film Performances of 2016". It was one of the seven films shortlisted by the Academy Awards for Best Makeup and Hairstyling.



</doc>
<doc id="44093993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44093993" title="Mystery Man (film)">
Mystery Man (film)

Mystery Man is a 1944 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by J. Benton Cheney. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Jimmy Rogers, Don Costello, Eleanor Stewart and Francis McDonald. The film was released on May 31, 1944, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44095961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44095961" title="The Hairy Ape (film)">
The Hairy Ape (film)

The Hairy Ape is a 1944 American drama film based upon the play of the same name by Eugene O'Neill. It was directed by Alfred Santell and adapted by Robert Hardy Andrews and Decla Dunning. The film stars William Bendix, Susan Hayward, John Loder, Dorothy Comingore, Roman Bohnen, Tom Fadden and Alan Napier. The film was released on July 2, 1944, by United Artists.

Ship stoker Hank Smith (William Bendix) is a mountain of a man, but he is still very sensitive. So when the beautiful spoiled socialite Mildred Douglas (Susan Hayward) insults him with the slur "hairy ape," her words cut deep. At first the beastly Smith wants revenge for the insult, but after he thinks about it, he's more confused than anything else. After his ship docks, he departs into the city to track down the rich woman and find out the meaning behind her harsh words.



</doc>
<doc id="44096943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44096943" title="Jersey Girl (1992 film)">
Jersey Girl (1992 film)

Jersey Girl is a 1992 American romantic comedy drama film directed by David Burton Morris.

Jersey Girl is the story of Toby, a lower-class girl from New Jersey who's tired of feeling like her life has no purpose and nothing interesting in it. While out to dinner with her friends, she decides she wants to change her fate. After talking to her friends about what the ideal man is like, she decides she's going to go find him. Toby travels to New York and walks into a Mercedes-Benz dealership in search of her 'Mr. Right'. She feels immediately uncomfortable and leaves. While trying to back out of the parking lot, she nearly hits a man (Sal) driving a brand new MB. He drives around her and leaves the parking lot, but she's smitten. She follows him down the road, and ultimately ends up causing an accident resulting in significant damage to Sal's car. They exchange information, and she decides to actively pursue him.




</doc>
<doc id="44097467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44097467" title="Mostly Ghostly: Have You Met My Ghoulfriend?">
Mostly Ghostly: Have You Met My Ghoulfriend?

Mostly Ghostly: Have You Met My Ghoulfriend? is a 2014 horror comedy fantasy film directed by Peter Hewitt. The film is a sequel to the 2008 film "". The film is based on the second book of the same name by R. L. Stine and the second installment in the "Mostly Ghostly" film series. The film was released on DVD on September 2, 2014, and was broadcast on Disney Channel on October 11, 2014.

Max Doyle (Ryan Ochoa) has eyes only for Cammie Cahill (Bella Thorne); the smart, popular red head girl in school. When Max finally scores a date with Cammie on Halloween, Phears, an evil ghost with plans taking over the world, unleashes his ghouls and things go haywire. With the help of his friends - Tara (Madison Pettis) and Nicky (Roshon Fegan) - who have turned into ghosts, he tries to destroy Phears (Charlie Hewson), before he takes over the world. The next morning, Max tells the truth to Cammie about having two ghost-friends. Cammie believes him and they make out, revealing that they are now dating. 


Common Sense Media criticized the film as being "way too silly to be scary, so it never delivers on its essential promise." DVD Verdict also gave a negative review and questioned its pacing, stating that "After the climax, in which our heroes confront ultimate evil, the movie goes on and on, with a lengthy soccer game and a big dance sequence like the one from "Slumdog Millionaire". The whole time, I was wondering, "Why isn't the movie over already?""

Felix Vasquez Jr. was slightly more positive, writing that it was "Overly padded, but makes for a decent fantasy horror adventure."

The film was followed by a sequel, "Mostly Ghostly: One Night in Doom House", with an entirely new cast, which was released on DVD and Digital HD on September 6, 2016.


</doc>
<doc id="44098294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44098294" title="Apokalips X">
Apokalips X

Apokalips X is a 2014 Malaysian post-apocalyptic action film directed and written by Mamat Khalid.



</doc>
<doc id="44099014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44099014" title="Jingle All the Way 2">
Jingle All the Way 2

Jingle All the Way 2 is a 2014 American Christmas comedy film directed by Alex Zamm. It stars Larry the Cable Guy and Santino Marella. It is the stand-alone sequel to the 1996 comedy film "Jingle All the Way" starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. The film is produced by 20th Century Fox and WWE Studios, the motion picture division of WWE, and was distributed straight-to-video by Fox on December 2, 2014. On-air promotion from WWE occurred on their weekly episodic events.

Truck driver Larry Phillips competes with the current husband of his ex-wife, the wealthy businessman Victor, to find his daughter Noel's favorite toy, Harrison The Talking Bear. However, Victor is determined to make it difficult for Larry not to get his hands on a Harrison Bear. Larry will also have the help of Claude, his jumbled friend.


"Jingle All the Way 2" was filmed in Fort Langley, British Columbia, Canada.

Dave Schilling of "Vice" wrote, "What's actually insidious about the whole endeavor is that it's so good at being so bad."



</doc>
<doc id="44099422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44099422" title="Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues (film)">
Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues (film)

Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues is a 1972 film based on the 1970 by Michael Crichton and Douglas Crichton, published under the pseudonym Michael Douglas.

It was American independent film directed by Paul Williams and starred Robert F. Lyons and John Lithgow in his film debut in the supporting role of John, the campus drug dealer. Barbara Hershey appears in the role of the novice drug-courier, Susan, who loses the bag of bricks on a cross-country flight from Berkeley to Boston.


Film rights were bought in 1970.

Filming took place in San Francisco and Boston

The "Washington Post" called it "a rather feckless attempt at a hip thriller".




</doc>
<doc id="44099615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44099615" title="Nas: Time Is Illmatic">
Nas: Time Is Illmatic

Nas: Time Is Illmatic is a 2014 documentary film directed by One9 and produced by One9, Erik Parker and Anthony Saleh. The film recounts the circumstances leading up to Nas' 1994 debut album "Illmatic". Released on the 20th anniversary of "Illmatic", the film includes interviews with Nas, his brother and father, and figures from the East Coast hip hop scene. "Nas: Time Is Illmatic" premiered during the opening night of the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival, on April 16, 2014. The project received a grant from Tribeca All Access and additional funding from the Ford Foundation.

"Nas: Time Is Illmatic" received positive reviews from most critics. As of July 1, 2019, the film's Metacritic score is 72/100, and its Rotten Tomatoes score is 100%, with an average rating of 7.38/10. The documentary was a recipient of a Candescent Award. "Nas: Time Is Illmatic" was considered by "Variety" magazine to be a likely contender to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, but did not receive a nomination.




</doc>
<doc id="44102399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44102399" title="Breakfast in Hollywood (film)">
Breakfast in Hollywood (film)

Breakfast in Hollywood, also known as The Mad Hatter, is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Harold D. Schuster and written by Earl Baldwin. The film stars Tom Breneman, Bonita Granville, Beulah Bondi, Edward Ryan, Raymond Walburn, Billie Burke, ZaSu Pitts, Hedda Hopper, Andy Russell, Spike Jones and Nat King Cole. The film was released on February 26, 1946, by United Artists.

TBD A woman comes to Hollywood to meet her fiancé, who does not show up. Given a ticket to a radio show, she meets a sailor who was a friend of her fiancé. The sailor falls in love with the girl, before he tells her that her fiancé had married someone else. The girl, angry with the boy's advances leaves on a bus to return to her home in Minnesota. The radio program host plays a fairy godmother role, having the police arrest the girl, and reunite the couple, who decide to get married.



</doc>
<doc id="44102687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44102687" title="The Bachelor's Daughters">
The Bachelor's Daughters

The Bachelor's Daughters is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Andrew L. Stone and written by Stone and Frederick J. Jackson. It stars Gail Russell, Claire Trevor, Ann Dvorak, Adolphe Menjou, Billie Burke, Jane Wyatt and Eugene List. The film was released on September 6, 1946, by United Artists.

A department store floor walker is persuaded by four husband-seeking salesgirls to pose as their father in a Long Island mansion which they have rented by pooling resources and pretending to be wealthy themselves


"The Bachelor's Daughters" was presented on "This Is Hollywood" November 16, 1946. Russell and Menjou reprised their film roles in the adaptation, which also starred Gail Patrick.


</doc>
<doc id="44105284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44105284" title="Little Iodine (film)">
Little Iodine (film)

Little Iodine is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Richard H. Landau. The film is based on the comic strip "Little Iodine" by Jimmy Hatlo. The film stars Jo Ann Marlowe, Marc Cramer, Eve Whitney, Irene Ryan and Hobart Cavanaugh. The film was released on October 20, 1946, by United Artists.

Little Iodine (Marlowe) stays true to her comic strip nature in this film, where she does her best to break up the marriage of her parents (Cavanaugh and Ryan), ruin a romance between Janis and Marc (Whitney and Cramer), and cost her father his job. Unlike her comic-based character, however, Iodine has a change of heart and sets out to right the wrongs.





</doc>
<doc id="44106606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44106606" title="The Devil's Playground (1946 film)">
The Devil's Playground (1946 film)

The Devil's Playground is a 1946 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Ted Wilson. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Elaine Riley and Robert Elliott. The film was released on November 15, 1946, by United Artists.

Hoppy finds a wounded girl and later finds Judge Morton who claims the girl is his daughter and he is looking for her. But Hoppy soon learns the girl is looking for stolen gold she wants to return and the Judge in not her father but only wants the gold. Hoppy and the girl find the gold but the Judge and his men find Hoppy and the boys and trap them in a cabin.



</doc>
<doc id="44107607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44107607" title="Revolt at Fort Laramie">
Revolt at Fort Laramie

Revolt at Fort Laramie (working title "Fort Laramie") is a 1957 Western directed by Lesley Selander and produced by Howard W. Koch and Aubrey Schenck for their Bel-Air Productions that produced second features for United Artists. The film was shot in Kanab, Utah with Harry Dean Stanton making his debut in the film.

In 1861 the undermanned garrison of Fort Laramie, Wyoming Territory are attempting to keep the peace with the Sioux Nation led by Chief Red Cloud. The United States Government pays Red Cloud in gold to keep the peace and support his people, but Red Cloud has the idea to steal the gold and use the non payment as an excuse to go to war.

Meanwhile, as the United States face events that lead to the American Civil War, the garrison of the fort is split down the middle in their sympathies, half the men led by Sgt Darrach support the Confederate States of America whilst the other half led by Sgt Serrell support the Federal Union. When the garrison hears about the Battle of Fort Sumter, the Confederate faction not only wants to leave the army, but capture the fort and take the gold shipment due to be paid to Chief Red Cloud to Texas.

One of the Southerners warns Captain Tenslip and Lt Waller on the other Southerner's schemes, but he is murdered for betraying the cause with his screams covered by the men singing "Dixie". Tenslip is worried that his commander, Major Bradner is a Virginian and may side with the South. Meanwhile, Red Cloud sees the opportunity to split and wipe out the garrison as well as keeping the gold.


Parts of the film were shot at the Kanab movie fort and Kanab Creek in Utah.

"The bitterest choice of all; to break your oath or your heart" - "Major Seth Bradner"

Two well known and historical songs are included in the soundtrack of film:

Lyrics: James E. Greenleaf, C. S. Hall, C. B. Marsh, and others, 1861 <br>
Music: American folk song, 1856 
Lyrics and music: Daniel Decatur Emmett




</doc>
<doc id="44108328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44108328" title="Strangler of the Swamp">
Strangler of the Swamp

Strangler of the Swamp is a 1946 American horror film, produced and distributed by Producers Releasing Corporation. It was written and directed by Frank Wisbar, and stars Rosemary LaPlanche, Robert Barrat and Blake Edwards. It is a remake of Wisbar's earlier German film "Fährmann Maria" (1936).
A ferry operator named Douglas (Charles Middleton) was accused of a murder he did not commit and executed for the crime. Now Douglas' ghost walks the marshlands he once called home, seeking vengeance against those who wronged him. The village's new ferry operator, the beautiful Maria (Rosemary LaPlanche) must find a way to save her boyfriend Christian (Blake Edwards) from becoming the ghost's next victim.

The film was released on DVD by Image Entertainment on September 21, 1999. It was later re-released by Films Around The World Inc. on January 1, 2013.

Author and film critic Leonard Maltin awarded the film two and a half out of a possible four stars, his most frequently given rating, writing "Moody, atmospheric, full of fog, it's far more cinematic that other horror films from bargain-basement PRC studio, but still suffers from a low budget as well as a lethargic pace."
Hans J. Wollstein, in his review of the film for Allmovie, gave the film a positive review, complimenting LaPlanche and Middleton's performances.



</doc>
<doc id="44109819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44109819" title="Susie Steps Out">
Susie Steps Out

Susie Steps Out is a 1946 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg, written by Elwood Ullman and Fred Freiberger, and starring David Bruce, Cleatus Caldwell, Nita Hunter, Howard Freeman, Grady Sutton and Margaret Dumont. It was released on December 13, 1946, by United Artists.

Jeffrey Westcott is a popular singer. He is represented by Starr's advertising agency and attracted to Clara Russell, a secretary there.

Clara and her 15-year-old sister Susie are concerned because their father, a cello player, is currently unable to work. Susie lies that she is 19 and lands a job singing in a nightclub. Jeffrey goes to the club with Starr and can tell that the girl is underage, even though he is unaware Clara is her sister. He takes her home, where Clara tracks him down and accuses him mistakenly of improper behavior.

Starr's wife believes he is having an affair with his secretary and therefore sees to it that Clara is fired. Susie confronts her and explains all.



</doc>
<doc id="44111921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44111921" title="Abie's Irish Rose (1946 film)">
Abie's Irish Rose (1946 film)

Abie's Irish Rose is a 1946 American comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland based on a play by Anne Nichols. The film stars Michael Chekhov, Joanne Dru, Richard Norris, J. M. Kerrigan, George E. Stone, Vera Gordon, and Emory Parnell. The film was released on December 27, 1946, by United Artists. It was a remake of the 1928 film that was based on the play Abie's Irish Rose by Anne Nichols. The film drew criticism for stereotyping and additional cuts were made after complaints.

Stationed in London, the American soldier Abie Levy falls in love with a young lady, Rosemary Murphy, and they get married. Their families are not informed, and when the time comes for Rosemary to return to the United States, the only thing Abie tells his father Solomon is that he has met a girl and is in love.

Solomon takes a liking to Rosemary, but assumes she shares the same faith. A wedding is planned, no one else yet told that the couple are already husband and wife. The bride-to-be's father, Patrick Murphy, arrives, under the false impression that his daughter intends to wed an Irish Catholic man named McGee.

Once the truth is revealed, neither father is on speaking terms with the children or each other. A year goes by and Rosemary gives birth. Family friends, the Cohens and an Irish priest, coax the grandfathers into finally making a visit. A baby boy, given the name Patrick Levy, promptly delights Patrick Murphy but disappoints Solomon, at least until the baby's twin sister, Rebecca, is also brought into the room. Rebecca being his late wife's name, Solomon is pleased, and the families finally come together.



</doc>
<doc id="44112235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44112235" title="Fool's Gold (1947 film)">
Fool's Gold (1947 film)

Fool's Gold is a 1947 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Doris Schroeder. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Robert Emmett Keane and Jane Randolph. The film was released on January 31, 1947, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44112488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44112488" title="The Adventures of Don Coyote (film)">
The Adventures of Don Coyote (film)

The Adventures of Don Coyote is a 1947 American Western Cinecolor film directed by Reginald Le Borg and written by Robert Creighton Williams and Harold Tarshis. The film stars Richard Martin, Frances Rafferty, Val Carlo, Benny Bartlett, Marc Cramer and Frank Fenton. The film was released on May 9, 1947, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44113324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44113324" title="The Stranger (2014 film)">
The Stranger (2014 film)

The Stranger is a 2014 Chilean horror-thriller film directed by Guillermo Amoedo and starring Cristobal Tapia Montt, Ariel Levy, Lorenza Izzo and Nicolás Durán. It is the third film from Sobras International Pictures project Chilewood. Montt plays a drifter who enters a small town, seeking information about his estranged wife.

Martin, a drifter, arrives in a small town and asks about a woman named Ana. Peter, a teenager, directs him to a cemetery. As Martin mourns her death and recalls his past with her, three thugs harass him. When their leader, Caleb, threatens to kill Martin, Martin dares them to do so. Peter interrupts them as they savagely beat Martin, then flees when Caleb stabs Martin. Having been flagged down by Peter, Lieutenant De Luca arrives and confronts Caleb, who claims self-defense. De Luca, revealed to be Caleb's father, calls him a liar and orders him to help cover up the crime; neither realize that Peter is watching. They leave Martin for dead in a ditch after De Luca is called away, and Peter brings him home when he notices life signs.

Peter's mother, Monica, does not want to get involved, but Peter convinces her to perform first aid, which Martin refuses, saying that his blood is contagious. After questioning them further about what happened to Ana and learning she committed suicide after giving birth, Martin disappears. When De Luca returns to bury the body and finds it missing, he immediately suspects Peter. He sends Caleb to take care of the situation. Peter promises not to tell anyone, but Caleb beats him when he insists he does not know Martin's whereabouts. Before they can kill Peter, Martin kills Caleb's friends and sets Caleb on fire. De Luca interrogates Peter, who admits he moved Martin's body, but De Luca initially does not believe Martin could have survive his injuries. Nonetheless, he identifies Martin as his son's attacker, and the police begin a manhunt.

After becoming drunk, De Luca encounters Peter again and takes him a to secluded spot. There, De Luca continues the interrogation and sets Peter on fire when he continues to insist he knows nothing about Martin. After knocking De Luca unconscious, Martin rescues Peter and takes him back to Monica's house. As she calls an ambulance, Martin recites a Latin blessing and rubs his blood on Peter. Later, at the hospital, Peter miraculously recovers and is discharged. As Monica and Peter flee the town, the police capture Martin. De Luca stops the bus Peter and Monica have boarded, abducts them, and forces them to reveal how Peter was healed. He makes Monica, a nurse, perform a transfusion from Martin to Caleb. Martin begs her not to do so and insists that his blood must be blessed to prevent infection, but De Luca ignores him.

Though healed by Martin's blood, Caleb becomes infected. He kills and drains Monica of blood, then leaves the hospital with his father. The police go to De Luca's house to question him. When he refuses to come out, they assault the house. Peter goes to the jail to free Martin but finds Martin is powerless to revive the dead, though Martin demands they stop Caleb. When Martin arrives at De Luca's house, he finds De Luca and Caleb missing, and all the cops but the chief of police are dead. Martin kills the wounded chief of police, explaining that he has become infected. As they race after Caleb, De Luca rams their car. In the resulting accident, Peter becomes wounded and accidentally infects himself when he comes into contact with Martin's blood. Martin ties him to a tree and leaves. De Luca is killed in the encounter. 

A passing motorist with a pet dog frees Peter. Martin finds and confronts Caleb, but he is overpowered by Caleb, who has killed and fed off a young girl. Peter arrives, his face bloody and dirty from feeding, and drags Caleb into the sunlight, protected by heavy clothing; Caleb disintegrates. Martin reveals that he and Ana are Peter's true parents; Monica adopted him after Ana's suicide. Martin tells Peter to be stronger than his mother and requests that Peter leave him to die in the Sun. As Peter leaves, it is revealed that he fed off of the motorist's pet dog, who he lets out of her car. He then drives away.

Filming took place in Chile and included financing from the Chilean government.

In September 2014, "The Stranger" was premiered at the 2014 Fantastic Fest Film Festival. In January 2015 IFC Midnight acquired the distribution rights for the United States.

"The Stranger" won the "Best Iberoamerican Film" Award on Sitges Film Festival. Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 27% of 11 surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average is 4/10. Metacritic rated it 32/100 based on six reviews. Frank Scheck of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it a "lifeless, fang-less vampire movie" that avoids traditional cliches but descends into uninteresting melodrama. Maitland McDonagh of "Film Journal International" wrote that it will appeal to neither "Twilight" fans nor hardcore horror fans, but it is "admirably eerie and remarkably restrained". Andy Webster of "The New York Times" questioned whether the film's unoriginal violence has a moral but praised the film's acting and direction. Robert Abele of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote that it "comes across like an amateur play at gravitas, one unsupported by dully weighted scenes and clunky dialogue". Patrick Cooper of Bloody Disgusting rated it 1/5 stars and called it an "utterly forgettable" film that fails to grab audiences. Drew Tinnin of Dread Central rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote that the film "is filled with so much desperation that it can't help but be depressing even with some uplifting themes about sacrifice and family bonds".



</doc>
<doc id="44114122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44114122" title="Fun on a Weekend">
Fun on a Weekend

Fun on a Weekend is a 1947 American comedy film written and directed by Andrew L. Stone. The film stars Eddie Bracken, Priscilla Lane, Tom Conway, Allen Jenkins, Arthur Treacher, Clarence Kolb and Fritz Feld. The film was released on May 15, 1947, by United Artists.

A poor couple try get-rich-quick schemes.



</doc>
<doc id="44114591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44114591" title="Dangerous Venture">
Dangerous Venture

Dangerous Venture is a 1947 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Doris Schroeder. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Fritz Leiber, Douglas Evans and Harry Cording. The film was released on May 23, 1947, by United Artists.

This movie was a western based cowboy and indians movies. It included the traditional idea of indians and cow boys fighting against each other over taken land. William Boyd played a risk-taking cowboy who was going to avenge the death of his family due to the aggravated aggression of the natives. this movie is action packed and highly considered a classic. 




</doc>
<doc id="44115832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44115832" title="The Marauders (1947 film)">
The Marauders (1947 film)

The Marauders is a 1947 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Charles Belden. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Ian Wolfe, Dorinda Clifton and Mary Newton. The film was released on July 1, 1947 by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44117039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44117039" title="Birds of Prey (1973 film)">
Birds of Prey (1973 film)

Birds of Prey is a 1973 television film directed by William A. Graham and starring David Janssen, Ralph Meeker, and Elayne Heilveil. The screenplay was written by Robert Boris from a story by Boris and Rupert Hitzig. It is a crime action film depicting a radio station helicopter traffic reporter who, witnessing an armored car robbery, engages in a chase when the suspects flee in a vehicle and then switch to their own get-away helicopter.

A former American Volunteer Group pilot, Harry Walker (David Janssen), who flies a Hughes 500C helicopter for Salt Lake City radio station KBEX as a traffic reporter, is introduced flying and singing along to "Three Little Fishies" (the song was changed to another in VHS and DVD versions of the film) and then doing an afternoon rush-hour report during a station nostalgia promotion in which standards from the World War II era are being played on-air. Opening credits run over aerial combat footage borrowed from the 1942 Republic Pictures film "Flying Tigers", then segues into footage of a P-40 Warhawk, in full sharkmouth scheme, being towed along the highway to the radio station by Walker as part of the promotion.

Walker's ex-AVG squadron mate, Captain Jim "Mac" McAndrew, now a communications officer with the Salt Lake City Police, responds in a squad car to the radio station and challenges Walker on whether he has paperwork for hauling the fighter on public streets, which he does. They reminisce about their wartime experiences years ago, pointing out their different viewpoints: Walker in the past, and McAndrew, "in front of a computer", in the present.

Meanwhile, two bearded men are seen breaking into an Army National Guard Armory and stealing canister grenades.

As McAndrew and another officer drive away from the radio station, Mac comments that one would think that Walker might act his age, characterizing him as a "Smilin' Jack".

Back in the air, Walker observes an armed robbery of an armored car at the Zion's Bank in downtown Salt Lake City in which bearded men gun down the guards and grab a canvas sack of currency, then grab a female hostage and shove her into their getaway car. Reporting what he has seen to a disbelieving McAndrew over the radio, Walker pursues the car and describes the vehicle, its license number, and the suspects' descriptions. During the chase, the helicopter flies under several highway overpasses near the Union Pacific railyard before the getaway vehicle drives up into a multi-level garage, where the police and Walker think that they have the bandits cornered. To his surprise, an Aérospatiale SA 315B Lama (mistakenly listed in the end credits as an "Alouette") rises up from the far side of the garage structure and the suspects abandon their vehicle for the helicopter, taking the female hostage with them, but not before a pursuing police officer shoots one of the robbers with his side arm as the man tries to flee.

Walker then continues the aerial pursuit as the robbers attempt to ram him and fly off. Low on fuel, Walker stops a gasoline tanker on U.S. 40 and tops up his fuel supply. He also offers to buy a shotgun from another driver after explaining the situation, but the driver refuses his cash and gives him the weapon. Walker continues the pursuit, while McAndrew informs him that fingerprints have identified two of the robbers as former Marines who served in Vietnam and they surmise that the chopper pilot is similarly experienced. The hostage is identified as Teresa Janice Shaw, a bank employee, who is due to get married that Friday.

The getaway helicopter attempts to hide in the open pit copper mine at Bingham, but Walker locates it sitting behind a giant shovel. The chase continues into canyonlands. Both helicopters land and the robbers try to parlay with the radio station pilot over a loudspeaker, offering him a bribe as both aircraft sit on the ground. Exasperated by Walker's stubbornness, they ask what he wants, but Walker only replies "You!". The chase resumes, and when the robbers land to refuel from 55-gallon drums they have previously stashed in a remote location, one robber exits the helicopter with a shotgun, unseen by Walker, and holes his hydraulic line as the Hughes 500 flies past. When the remaining bandits wrestle with their fuel drums, T.J. (the hostage) grabs the money bag and flees through the underbrush. One robber chases her through thicket on foot while the getaway copter hovers overhead. Snatches of the 1930s big band tune "Sing, Sing, Sing" punctuate the chase. Walker, who had landed to patch his oil leak, then comes to the woman's rescue, knocking her foot pursuer flat with his landing skid, with the two helicopters hovering and circling over the bank employee, crouching in the blowing dust as they maneuver for position, a "birds of prey" scenario. Walker touches down next the woman and she climbs into his helicopter with the money. As twilight falls, and a thunderstorm approaches, Walker drops his chopper into a narrow canyon and eludes the pursuing robbers.

During the night, Walker and T.J. converse and exchange lines of dialogue from "Casablanca" while repairing the hydraulic line. She reveals that she has never been far from Salt Lake City in her 22 years and that she has known her fiance since childhood. Walker states that he had failed marriages and advises her not to rush into nuptials. A gentle flirtation takes place and she kisses Walker three times, becoming somewhat infatuated with the dashing pilot, unlike anyone she has ever met. He stops the seduction before it goes any further, directing her to tune the radio to KBEX, which is playing Glenn Miller's "Moonlight Serenade".

The following morning, Walker raises a Continental Airlines flight on an emergency channel and asks the pilot to relay their location to the police. Determining that the robbers are close by and still searching for him, Walker directs the girl to go to the nearby highway and hitch-hike after he lifts off, but she doesn't want to leave him. He insists so that she doesn't get hurt and she leaves the money with him. Saying "So long, 22!" (a reference to her age), Walker takes off, with TJ screaming his last name, trying to make him change his mind.

The helicopter chase resumes; meanwhile, McAndrew and a police pilot in a Piper Arrow, alerted by the airline pilot, approach the area as well. The two helicopters fly to an abandoned airfield, where the bank employee said the robbers have a getaway plane and pilot to fly them to Mexico. The two choppers fly in and out of abandoned hangars, including a scene in which both hover inside a large one. Gunfire is exchanged and another bandit goes down, and Walker maneuvers his 500 past the Lama and blocks their escape. The police aircraft arrives and McAndrew runs to the hangar where Walker has cornered the bandit's helicopter inside, with Walker tossing the money out to his old AVG buddy. The bandit in the Lama throws a grenade out to the hangar door, forcing Walker to get out of the way of the blast; the Lama slips past and then chases after McAndrew, the bandits shooting at him. Walker then rams his helicopter into the bandit's aircraft to save his buddy. McAndrew, dazed, stares in disbelief at the burning wreckage, muttering, "Damn it, Walker. Nobody asked you to do that."

The police pilot runs over and McAndrew says that they are going after the pilot of the getaway plane, who has just fled in a Cessna 206 after seeing the crash. "What about Walker?" asks the police pilot. "What about him?" says McAndrew. The closing credits roll as the police aircraft is shown pursuing the other plane into the sunset with KBEX DJ banter over "I'll Get By".

"Birds of Prey" was filmed in Salt Lake City, Utah, with final scenes shot at the recently-closed Wendover Air Force Base, where the 509th Composite Group prepared for their atomic bomb missions in World War II with their Silverplate Boeing B-29 Superfortresses. Parts of the film were also shot in Canyonlands and Sevenmile Canyon in Utah.

The KBEX call letters were assigned to an FM station in Dalhart, Texas, by the Federal Communications Commission on February 20, 2013. Prior to 2013, KBEX was typically used as a stock call sign for fictional TV and radio stations in film, radio and television productions.

Subsequent releases of the film on TV, VHS and DVD have the songs "Three Little Fishies", "Sing, Sing, Sing" and "I'll Get By" replaced by other songs of the era in a supposed music-rights dispute between CBS and the music rights holders. This has occurred with other CBS shows, such as Wiseguy (Moody Blues' "Nights in White Satin") and Magnum, P.I. (John Denver's "Looking for Space").


</doc>
<doc id="44119027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44119027" title="Hoppy's Holiday">
Hoppy's Holiday

Hoppy's Holiday is a 1947 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by J. Benton Cheney, Bennett Cohen and Ande Lamb. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Mary Ware, Andrew Tombes and Leonard Penn. The film was released on July 18, 1947, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44120383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44120383" title="Justice League (film)">
Justice League (film)

Justice League is a 2017 American superhero film based on the DC Comics superhero team of the same name. It is the follow-up to 2016's "" and the fifth installment in the DC Extended Universe, and was directed by Zack Snyder and written by Chris Terrio and Joss Whedon. It features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Gal Gadot, Ezra Miller, Jason Momoa, Ray Fisher, Jeremy Irons, Diane Lane, Connie Nielsen, and J. K. Simmons. In the film, Batman and Wonder Woman recruit The Flash, Aquaman, and Cyborg after Superman's death to save the world from the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and his army of Parademons.

Plans for the film were announced in October 2014, with Snyder on board to direct and Terrio attached to write the script. The film was initially titled "Justice League Part One", with a second film (under the name "Justice League Part Two") intended to follow in 2019. However, the sequel was indefinitely delayed to accommodate the production of a standalone Batman film starring Affleck. Principal photography took place from April to October 2016. After Snyder stepped down to deal with the death of his daughter, Joss Whedon was hired to oversee the remainder of post-production, including directing additional scenes written by himself. With an estimated production budget of $300 million, "Justice League" is one of the most expensive films ever made.

"Justice League" premiered in Beijing on October 26, 2017, and was released in the United States in 2D, RealD 3D, and IMAX on November 17, 2017. The film grossed over $657 million worldwide against a break-even point of $750 million, becoming the highest-grossing film (as of 2019) to become a box office bomb, losing distributor Warner Bros. Pictures an estimated $60 million. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who praised the action sequences and performances (particularly of Gadot and Miller) but criticized the plot, writing, pacing, villain, and overuse of computer-generated imagery. Its tone was also met with a polarized reception, with some appreciating the lighter tone compared to previous DCEU films and others finding it inconsistent.

Thousands of years ago, Steppenwolf and his legions of Parademons attempted to take over Earth with the combined energies of three Mother Boxes. They were foiled by a unified army that included the Olympian Gods, Amazons, Atlanteans, mankind, and a Green Lantern. 

After repelling Steppenwolf's army, the Mother Boxes were separated and hidden in locations on the planet. In the present, mankind is in mourning over Superman for two years, whose death triggers the Mother Boxes to reactivate and Steppenwolf's return to Earth. In an effort to regain favor with his master Darkseid, Steppenwolf aims to gather the boxes to form "The Unity," which will destroy Earth's ecology and terraform it in the image of Steppenwolf's homeworld.

Steppenwolf retrieves the Mother Box from Themyscira, prompting Queen Hippolyta to warn her daughter Diana of Steppenwolf's return. Diana joins Bruce Wayne in his attempt to unite other metahumans to their cause, with Wayne going after Arthur Curry and Barry Allen, while Diana tries to locate Victor Stone. Wayne fails to persuade Curry but manages to recruit an enthusiastic Allen onto the team. Although Diana fails to convince Stone to join, he agrees to help them locate the threat if he discovers their location. Stone later joins the team after his father Silas and several other S.T.A.R. Labs employees are kidnapped by Steppenwolf seeking to acquire the Mother Box from mankind.

Steppenwolf attacks an Atlantean outpost to retrieve the next Mother Box, forcing Curry into action. The team receives intel from Commissioner James Gordon, leading them to Steppenwolf's army, based in an abandoned facility under Gotham Harbor. Although the group manages to rescue the kidnapped employees, the facility is flooded during combat, which traps the team until Curry helps delay the flood so they can escape. Stone retrieves the last Mother Box, which he had hidden, for the group to analyze. Stone reveals that his father used the Mother Box to rebuild Stone's body after an accident almost cost him his life. Wayne decides to use the Mother Box to resurrect Superman, not only to help them fight off Steppenwolf's invasion but also to restore hope to mankind. Diana and Curry are hesitant about the idea, but Wayne forms a secret contingency plan in case Superman returns as hostile.

Clark Kent's body is exhumed and placed in the amniotic fluid of the genesis chamber of the Kryptonian scout ship alongside the Mother Box, which in turn activates after Flash uses his powers to charge it up and successfully resurrects Superman. However, Superman's memories have not returned, and he attacks the group after Stone accidentally launches a projectile at him. On the verge of being killed by Superman, Batman enacts his contingency plan: Lois Lane. Superman calms down and leaves with Lane to his family home in Smallville, where he reflects, and his memories slowly come back. In the turmoil, the last Mother Box is left unguarded, and Steppenwolf retrieves it with ease. Without Superman to aid them, the five heroes travel to a village in Russia where Steppenwolf aims to unite the Mother Boxes once again to remake Earth. The team fights their way through the Parademons to reach Steppenwolf, although they are unable to distract him enough for Stone to separate the Mother Boxes. Superman arrives and assists Allen in evacuating the city, as well as Stone, in separating the Mother Boxes. The team defeats Steppenwolf, who, overcome with fear, is attacked by his own Parademons before they all teleport away.

After the battle, Bruce and Diana agree to set up a base of operations for the team, with room for more members. As the team is now established, Diana steps back into the public spotlight as a heroine; Barry acquires a job in Central City's police department, impressing his father; Victor continues to explore and enhance his abilities with his father in S.T.A.R. Labs; Arthur embraces his Atlantean heritage and continues protecting people on the seas, and Superman resumes his life as reporter Clark Kent and as protector of Earth as well. In a mid-credits scene, Superman and Barry have a friendly race to see which of them is faster. In a post-credits scene, Lex Luthor has escaped from Arkham Asylum and then recruits Slade Wilson to form their own league.


During a scene a half hour into the film, depicting Steppenwolf's first invasion thousands of years earlier, Olympian Old Gods Zeus, Ares and Artemis are portrayed by fitness model Sergi Constance, stuntman Nick McKinless, and MMA fighter Aurore Lauzeral, respectively. All three were required to reach a specific degree of physicality, with Snyder instructing McKinless to sport "veins like worms and paper thin skin". In the finished film, McKinless' face was replaced using special effects to David Thewlis. Thewlis received the credit as Ares. The scene also shows a Green Lantern, named Yalan Gur, created through motion-capture CGI and embodied by an uncredited actor. Two ancient kings of Earth appear during the scene, including King Atlan of Atlantis and Arthur Pendragon of ancient England; portrayed by Julian Lewis Jones and Francis Magee, respectively. Billy Crudup appears, uncredited, as Henry Allen, Barry Allen's father. Joe Manganiello and Jesse Eisenberg appear uncredited in a post-credits scene as Slade Wilson / Deathstroke and Lex Luthor, respectively. Michael McElhatton appears as the leader of a group of terrorists who clash with Wonder Woman early in the film, while Holt McCallany makes an uncredited appearance as a burglar. Marc McClure, who portrayed Jimmy Olsen in the Christopher Reeve "Superman" film series, has a cameo as a police officer.

Willem Dafoe and Kiersey Clemons filmed scenes as Nuidis Vulko and Iris West, although their roles were cut from the final film. Both actors are signed for multiple films and are set to appear in the future installments of the franchise. A scene depicting Green Lanterns Kilowog and Tomar-Re visiting Batman was filmed as an additional post-credits scene, further teasing the upcoming "Green Lantern Corps", but the scene was later scrapped. Other scenes that were filmed, but cut from the theatrical film, include: Ryan Zheng as Ryan Choi, setting up the character's future as The Atom; a fight between Ares and Darkseid, with the villain portrayed by Ray Porter; Harry Lennix reprising his role from "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman" as Calvin Swanwick, in a scene where it would have been revealed that his character is actually J'onn J'onzz / Martian Manhunter; and scenes featuring Darkseid's servant DeSaad, with the character voiced by Peter Guinness.

In February 2007, it was announced that Warner Bros. had hired husband-and-wife duo Michele and Kieran Mulroney to write a script for a "Justice League" film. The news came around the same time that Joss Whedon's long-developed "Wonder Woman" film was cancelled, as well as "The Flash", written and directed by David S. Goyer. Reportedly titled "Justice League: Mortal", the script by Michele and Kiernan Mulroney was submitted to Warner Bros. in June 2007, receiving positive feedback, which prompted the studio to immediately fast track production in the hope of beginning filming before the 2007–08 Writers Guild of America strike. Warner Bros. was less willing to proceed with development of a sequel to "Superman Returns", having been disappointed with its box office. Brandon Routh was not approached to reprise the role of Superman in "Justice League: Mortal", nor was Christian Bale from "Batman Begins". Warner Bros. intended for "Justice League: Mortal" to be the start of a new film franchise, and to branch out into separate sequels and spin-offs. Shortly after filming "The Dark Knight", Bale stated in an interview that "It'd be better if it doesn't tread on the toes of what our "Batman" series is doing," and felt it would make more sense for Warner Bros. to release the film after "The Dark Knight Rises". Jason Reitman was the original choice to direct "Justice League", but he turned it down, as he considers himself an independent filmmaker and prefers to stay out of big budget superhero films. George Miller signed to direct in September 2007, with Barrie Osbourne producing on a projected $220 million budget.

The following month, roughly 40 actors and actresses auditioned for the ensemble superhero roles, among them Joseph Cross, Michael Angarano, Max Thieriot, Minka Kelly, Adrianne Palicki and Scott Porter. Miller had intended to cast younger actors, as he wanted them to "grow" into their roles over the course of several films. D. J. Cotrona was cast as Superman, along with Armie Hammer as Batman. Jessica Biel reportedly declined to play Wonder Woman role after negotiations. The character was also linked to actresses Teresa Palmer and Shannyn Sossamon, along with Mary Elizabeth Winstead, who confirmed that she had auditioned. Ultimately, Megan Gale was cast as Wonder Woman, while Palmer was cast as Talia al Ghul, whom Miller had in mind to act with a Russian accent. The script for "Justice League: Mortal" would have featured John Stewart as Green Lantern, a role originally offered to Columbus Short. Hip hop recording artist and rapper Common was cast, with Adam Brody as Barry Allen / Flash, and Jay Baruchel as the lead villain, Maxwell Lord. Longtime Miller collaborator Hugh Keays-Byrne had been cast in an unnamed role, rumored to be Martian Manhunter. Santiago Cabrera was eventually revealed to be Aquaman after the film was cancelled. Marit Allen was hired as the original costume designer before her untimely death in November 2007, and the responsibilities were assumed by Weta Workshop.

However, the writers strike began that same month and placed the film on hold. Warner Bros. had to let the options lapse for the cast, but development was fast tracked once more in February 2008 when the strike ended. Warner Bros. and Miller wanted to start filming immediately, but production was pushed back three months. Originally, the majority of "Justice League: Mortal" was to be shot at Fox Studios Australia in Sydney, with other locations scouted nearby at local colleges, and Sydney Heads doubling for Happy Harbor. The Australian Film Commission had a say with casting choices, giving way for George Miller to cast Gale, Palmer and Keays-Bryne, all Australian natives. The production crew was composed entirely of Australians, but the Australian government denied Warner Bros. a 40 percent tax rebate as they felt they had not hired enough Australian actors. Miller was frustrated, stating that "A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for the Australian film industry is being frittered away because of very lazy thinking. They're throwing away hundreds of millions of dollars of investment that the rest of the world is competing for and, much more significantly, highly skilled creative jobs." Production offices were then moved to Vancouver Film Studios in Canada. Filming was pushed back to July 2008, while Warner Bros was still confident they could produce the film for a summer 2009 release.

With production delays continuing, and the success of "The Dark Knight" in July 2008, Warner Bros. decided to focus on the development of individual films featuring the main heroes, allowing director Christopher Nolan to separately complete his "Batman" trilogy with "The Dark Knight Rises" in 2012. Warner Bros. relaunched development for a solo "Green Lantern" film, released in 2011 as a critical and financial disappointment. Meanwhile, film adaptations for "The Flash" and "Wonder Woman" continued to languish in development, while filming for a Superman reboot commenced in 2011 with "Man of Steel", produced by Nolan and written by "Batman" screenwriter David S. Goyer. In October 2012, following its legal victory over Joe Shuster's estate for the rights to Superman, Warner Bros. announced that it planned to move ahead with the Justice League film. Shortly after filming on "Man of Steel" was complete, Warner Bros hired Will Beall to write the script for a new "Justice League" film. Warner Bros. president Jeff Robinov explained that "Man of Steel" would be "setting the tone for what the movies are going to be like going forward. In that, it's definitely a first step." The film included references to the existence of other superheroes in the DC Universe, and set the tone for a shared fictional universe of DC Comics characters on film. Goyer stated that should Green Lantern appear in a future installment, it would be a rebooted version of the character, unconnected to the 2011 film.

With the release of "Man of Steel" in June 2013, Goyer was hired to write a sequel, as well as a new "Justice League", with the Beall draft being scrapped. The sequel was later revealed to be "", a team-up film featuring Henry Cavill as Superman, Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Ezra Miller as The Flash, Jason Momoa as Aquaman, and Ray Fisher as Victor Stone / Cyborg, the latter three in minor roles that became more significant in the "Justice League" film. The universe is separate from Nolan and Goyer's work on "The Dark Knight" trilogy, although Nolan was still involved as an executive producer for "Batman v Superman". In April 2014, it was announced that Zack Snyder would also direct Goyer's "Justice League" script. Warner Bros. was reportedly courting Chris Terrio to rewrite "Justice League" the following July, after having been impressed with his rewrite of "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice". On October 15, 2014, Warner Bros. announced the film would be released in two parts, with "Part One" on November 17, 2017, and "Part Two" is announced but release date not confirmed. Snyder was set to direct both films. In early July 2015, EW revealed that the script for "Justice League Part One" had been completed by Terrio. Zack Snyder stated that the film would be inspired by the "New Gods" comic series by Jack Kirby. Although "Justice League" was initially announced as a two-part film, with the second part set for release two years after the first, Snyder stated in June 2016 that they would be two distinct, separate films and not one film split into two parts, both being stand-alone stories.

Principal photography began on April 11, 2016, with shooting taking place at Warner Bros. Studios, Leavesden, as well as various locations around London and Scotland. Additional filming took place in Chicago, Illinois, Los Angeles, and Djúpavík, in the Westfjords of Iceland. Snyder's longtime cinematographer Larry Fong was replaced by Fabian Wagner due to scheduling conflicts. Ben Affleck served as executive producer. In May 2016, it was revealed that Geoff Johns and Jon Berg would produce the "Justice League" films, and would also be in charge of the DC Extended Universe, after the largely negative critical reception to the theatrical cut of "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice." The same month, Irons stated that the "Justice League" storyline would be more linear and simple, compared to the theatrical version of "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice". Johns confirmed on June 3, 2016 that the title of the film is "Justice League", and later stated that the film would be "hopeful and optimistic" in comparison to previous DC Extended Universe (DCEU) films.

"Justice League" had a troubled production. During filming, it was reported that the rewrites by Geoff Johns caused issues with Chris Terrio and Warner Bros. executives. Warner Bros. was unsatisfied with how the film was shaping up under Snyder, because of the negative feedback that the theatrical version of "Batman v Superman" received. It was reported that Warner Bros. held a footage summit for writers that include Joss Whedon, "Wonder Woman" writer Allan Heinberg, Seth Grahame-Smith, and Andrea Berloff. This caused numerous rewrites as "Justice League" was filming. Whedon was eventually hired by Warner Bros. after Snyder stepped down for directorial duties during the post-production. Filming wrapped in October 2016.

In May 2017, Snyder stepped down from directorial duties during post-production of the film to properly deal with the death of his daughter, Autumn Snyder. Joss Whedon, whom Snyder had previously brought on to rewrite some additional scenes, took over to handle post-production duties in Snyder's place. In July 2017, it was announced the film was undergoing two months of reshoots in London and Los Angeles, with Warner Bros. putting about $25 million into them, more than the typical $6–10 million additional filming costs, which brought the budget of the film up to $300 million. The reshoots coincided with Cavill's schedule for "", for which he had grown a mustache which he was contracted to keep while filming. While "Fallout" director Christopher McQuarrie initially gave the producers of "Justice League" permission to have Cavill shave the mustache in exchange for the $3 million it would cost to shut down production on "Fallout" and then digitally fill the mustache in, executives from Paramount Pictures rejected the idea. "Justice League"s VFX team was then forced to used special effects to digitally remove the mustache in post-production.

In an interview, producer Charles Roven said: "Let's just say 80, 85 percent of the movie is what was originally shot. There's only so much you can do with other 15, 20 percent of the movie". Whedon received a screenwriting credit on the film alongside Chris Terrio, while Snyder received sole director's credit.

Warner Bros. CEO Kevin Tsujihara mandated the film to be under two hours. The company also did not opt to delay the film's release despite the fact that there had been numerous problems in post-production, so that the executives will receive their cash bonuses before the company's merger with AT&T. In February 2018, it was reported that Snyder was fired from directorial duties from "Justice League", after his cut was deemed "unwatchable" according to Collider's Matt Goldberg. "I'd heard similar things from separate sources over the last year as well, I also heard that Snyder's rough-cut of the movie was 'unwatchable' (a word that jumped out at me because it's rare you hear two separate sources use exactly the same adjective). Of course, even if that's true, there's obviously more to the story since rough cuts can be fixed up with reshoots, rewrites, etc.", Goldberg wrote. According to DC Comics publisher, comic book artist Jim Lee, Snyder was not fired. Speaking at the Calgary Comic and Entertainment Expo, Lee stated "that he (Snyder) was not fired at all and that he stepped down from the production due to a family matter", as far as he knew.

In March 2016, Hans Zimmer, who co-composed the score for "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice", stated that he had officially retired from the "superhero business", though he would later score the 2019 "X-Men" film "X-Men: Dark Phoenix". Junkie XL, who wrote and composed the soundtrack of "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice" with Zimmer, was originally scoring the film. In June 2017, Danny Elfman was announced to have controversially replaced Junkie XL. Elfman had previously composed the films "Batman" and "Batman Returns", and the theme music for "". Elfman used the "Batman" theme music from the 1989 film "Batman". The John Williams' "Superman" theme was used during "a dark, twisted moment" in the film, the time when a resurrected Superman fights the Justice League. The film features a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Everybody Knows" performed by Sigrid, "Icky Thump" performed by the White Stripes, and a cover of the Beatles' "Come Together" performed by Gary Clark Jr. and Junkie XL. WaterTower Music released the soundtrack album digitally on November 10, 2017, with a release of the physical format on December 8.

The film held its world premiere in Beijing on October 26, 2017, and was theatrically released in North America and elsewhere around the world in standard, RealD 3D and IMAX on November 17, 2017. Its Japan premiere took place on November 20, 2017 in Tokyo, with only Ezra Miller and Ray Fisher from the main cast attending. In the United States, the film opened to 4,051 theaters in its widest release. "Justice League" was shown in cinemas for 119 days (17 weeks).

Superman was intentionally left out on all early "Justice League" marketing materials, including trailers, clips and posters, which actor Cavill commented as "ridiculous". Despite his character being hidden from promotional materials, Cavill still joined the rest of the cast on the film's press tour. Clark Kent was revealed in a final trailer before the release of the film, but edited in a way that writers felt Lois Lane was dreaming about Clark. Sponsorship and marketing partners of the film included AT&T, Gillette, Mercedes-Benz, and TCL. Later after the film's release, Superman was finally included in a new alternate version of the theatrical poster.

"Justice League" was released on digital download on February 13, 2018, and was released on Blu-ray Disc, Blu-ray 3D, 4K Ultra-HD Blu-ray and DVD on March 13, 2018 in various international markets. The Blu-ray features two deleted scenes titled "Return of Superman". It is also notable for having no director commentary from either Zack Snyder or Joss Whedon. , it has made $19.4 million in DVD sales and $40.4 million in Blu-ray sales, totaling an estimated of $59.9 million in domestic video sales according to "The Numbers". "Forbes" reported that "Justice League" went on to gross more than $100 million in Blu-ray/DVD/Digital-HD sales and rentals.

"Justice League" grossed $229 million in the United States and Canada, and $428.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $657.9 million, against a production budget of $300 million. It had a worldwide opening of $278.8 million, the 24th biggest of all-time. Up against an estimated break-even point of as much as $750 million, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that the film lost the studio around $60 million. Due to the film losing the studio money, the movie was deemed a "box office bomb" or "flop".

In the United States and Canada, industry tracking initially forecast the film debuting to $110–120 million from 4,051 theaters (including 400 IMAX screens). It made $13 million from Thursday night previews, up from the $11 million made by "Wonder Woman" the previous June. However, after making $38.8 million on its first day (including Thursday previews), weekend projections were lowered to $95 million. It ended up debuting to $93.8 million, down 45% from "Batman v Superman"s opening of $166 million, and being the first film of the DCEU to open under $100 million. "Deadline" attributed the low figure to lukewarm audience reaction to the film and most of its predecessors, as well as poor critical reception, and film review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes not posting their aggregated score until the day before release, causing speculation and doubt from filmgoers. In its second weekend, the film dropped 56% to $41.1 million, finishing second at the box office, behind newcomer "Coco". It was the second-best second weekend hold of the DCEU, behind "Wonder Woman"s 43%, but the lowest overall gross. In its third week it again finished second behind "Coco", grossing $16.7 million. It made $9.7 million in its fourth week and $4.3 million in its fifth, finishing a respective second and fifth at the box office. In 2018, Forbes compared the drastic uncohesive shift from Snyder's darker films "Man of Steel" and "Batman v Superman" to the lighter "Justice League" (co-written by Whedon), to the similarly drastic and uncohesive change in tone experienced from the older 1989 and 1992 Tim Burton's Batman films to the direct light-hearted sequels directed by Schumacher, although noting the former shift in tone was better received than the one in "Justice League", affecting box office, due to going against the expectations of Snyder fans in its attempt to reach a higher demographic, while alienating its own established core audience.

Internationally, the film was projected to debut to $215–235 million for a worldwide opening of $325–355 million. It made $8.5 million on its first day from nine countries, including South Korea, France and Brazil. It ended up having a $185 million international debut from 65 countries, including $57.1 million from China, $9.8 million from the United Kingdom, $9.6 million from Mexico and $8.8 million from South Korea. The film broke a record in the Philippines with a debut of $1.12M (PHP 57.3M), making it the biggest industry opening day for a film in 2017 and eventually becoming the 7th-most successful film of all time. In Brazil, the film opened to $14.2 million, the biggest opening in the country's history. Outside North America, the films largest markets were China ($106 million), Brazil ($41 million), Mexico ($24.8 million), and United Kingdom ($24 million).

"Justice League" received mixed reviews. It was praised for its action sequences and acting (primarily by Gadot and Miller) but criticized for the screenplay, pacing and CGI, as well as its thin plot, and the underdeveloped villain. On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 40%, based on 382 reviews, with an average rating of 5.25/10. The website's critical consensus reads, ""Justice League" leaps over a number of DC movies, but its single bound isn't enough to shed the murky aesthetic, thin characters, and chaotic action that continue to dog the franchise." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 45 out of 100, based on 52 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale, while PostTrak reported filmgoers gave it an 85% overall positive score (average 4 out of 5 stars) and a 69% "definite recommend".

Richard Roeper of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film 3.5 out of 4 stars, praising the cast, especially Gadot, and saying "It's a putting-the-band-together origins movie, executed with great fun and energy." Owen Gleiberman of "Variety" gave the film a positive review and wrote, ""Justice League" ... has been conceived, in each and every frame, to correct the sins of "Batman v Superman". It's not just a sequel—it's an act of franchise penance. The movie ... is never messy or bombastic. It's light and clean and simple (at times almost too simple), with razory repartee and combat duels that make a point of not going on for too long."

Bilge Ebiri of the "Village Voice" similarly gave it a positive review: "... action scenes start and stop and then start again, then go in different directions, and it was a few moments into the Big Climactic Face-Off before I realized we'd arrived at the Big Climactic Face-Off. But these off-kilter rhythms actually lend the film a pleasant unpredictability. As does the humor, which often sits uneasily next to the moodiness, but is somehow fast and witty enough to work."

Writing for "Rolling Stone", Peter Travers gave the film 2.5 out of 4 stars, praising the cast but criticizing the action sequences and writing, saying: "The scenes of the League members together, bickering and bonding, spike the film with humor and genuine feeling, creating a rooting interest in the audience. Without it, the film would crumble." Conversely, Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter", while praising Gadot and Miller, called the film visually ugly and boring, saying, "Fatigue, repetition and a laborious approach to exposition are the keynotes of this affair, which is also notable for how Ben Affleck, donning the bat suit for the second time, looks like he'd rather be almost anywhere else but here."

Sara Stewart of the "New York Post" gave the film 1.5 out of 4 stars: ""Justice League" is a pointless flail of expensive (yet somehow cheap-looking) CGI that no amount of tacked-on quips, or even Gadot's luminescent star power, can rescue. Like Cyborg (Ray Fisher), one of its ostensible heroes, "Justice League" is patched together from disparate elements. Original director Zack Snyder left partway through due to a death in the family, leaving Joss Whedon to finish up. The result? All the plodding, gray, generic action of a Snyder film with stabs of Whedonian humor that almost never feel organic. There's no sense of purpose here, not even a sense of place."

Writing for "The Washington Post", Alyssa Rosenberg also returned with a negative review: "... if "Justice League" is a symbol of just how entrenched superhero movies have become in the Hollywood ecosystem, it's also a potent illustration that success hasn't necessarily artistically elevated the genre. It's not just that, beat by beat, "Justice League" feels nearly identical to so many of the superhero movies that have come before, or that it features some of the ugliest, most pointless special effects I've seen at the movies in a long time. It's that the darn thing feels depressingly haphazard and thoughtless, and that it's guaranteed to make a ton of money anyway. Superhero fans are a ridiculously powerful market; they deserve better than this."

James Berardinelli gave it 2 out of 4 stars: "When Marvel mapped out the trajectory for their Cinematic Universe, they were sometimes criticized for overthinking and overplanning. Nearly every major hero – Iron Man, Hulk, Captain America, Thor – had his own movie. Many of the secondary characters (including the villain) boasted significant screen time in one or more of the first five films. Only once all these things had been accomplished were the characters brought together for "The Avengers". The formula worked. "The Avengers" was popcorn bliss, a superhero nirvana. DC, however, came late to the party. Riding the critical and popular success of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy and smarting from the disappointing performance of Bryan Singer's "Superman Returns", they dithered and dallied and didn't begin planning out the post-"Dark Knight" campaign until the MCU movie count was past the half-dozen mark and rising. The late start resulted in a rushed and ununified approach. "Justice League" arrives with three major characters who haven't previously been introduced. As a result, this film has a lot of heavy background lifting to do - too much, in fact, for it to be able to tell a worthwhile story. 70% of the movie is set-up for future tales. The rest is an overlong smack-down between our heroes and possibly the worst villain ever to appear in a comic book picture."

Writing for the "Film Ireland Magazine", Ellen Murray found the characters interesting, but their setting unworthy: "... there is something undeniably thrilling in seeing these iconic characters work together on the big screen. It's just a shame that their current incarnation, moulded in Zack Snyder's vision, lacks a strong framework to allow them to better shine. The characters save the film from being a complete and utter disaster, but they alone can't save it from being a mild disaster. While undoubtedly Snyder is genuinely passionate about these characters, he seems to suffer from a fundamental misunderstanding of what they represent and, most importantly, what cinema-goers expect from a story involving them. Justice League understands that a character like Superman means something to people; it just can't show us convincingly why".

"Justice League" was short-listed as a potential candidate for the 90th Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, along with another DCEU film, "Wonder Woman". However, neither film made it to the final list of nominations. Justice League won 2 out of its 13 nominations.

The divisive reaction towards the final highlighted cut of the film, with Zack Snyder leaving directorial duties and the final cut of the film in the hands of Joss Whedon, has led to an argument comparing the situation to the one experienced by the film "Superman II". Both "Justice League" and "Superman II" feature a director that was replaced, for different reasons, before completion of a film, which led to a second director coming in and making substantial changes to the tone of each film. Although the reasoning behind each director's departure differs, Richard Donner was able to complete his in 2005. In the belief that Snyder had shot enough material for a finished film, a campaign for a "Snyder Cut" was started to allow Snyder to receive a similar treatment to Donner. Arguments are made that Snyder's vision would be more cohesive to the previous films than the actual theatrical cut, which Snyder has refused to see. Warner Bros has officially remained silent regarding any intention of making a "Snyder Cut". In March 2019, Snyder confirmed his original cut does exist, and stated that it is up to Warner Bros. to release it. In November, however, an insider claimed that Warner Bros. is unlikely to release Snyder's version of "Justice League" in theaters or on HBO Max, calling it a "pipe dream." In December, however, Snyder posted a photo in his Vero account, which showed boxes with tapes labeled "Z.S. J.L Director's cut", and with the caption "Is it real? Does it exist? Of course it does."

A sequel was scheduled to be released in June 2019 but has since been delayed to accommodate the release for "The Batman". By March 2017, producer Charles Roven announced that Zack Snyder would direct the film. In October 2017, J. K. Simmons stated that the studio is working on the script of the sequel, alongside "The Batman". Shortly after the release of "Justice League", Henry Cavill stated that he is under contract with Warner Bros. to play Superman for one more film. In December 2017, it was reported that there were "no immediate plans" for Zack Snyder to direct a "Justice League" sequel, or any other DC films, with Snyder instead being relegated to an executive producer position. This comes after a reshuffling of film production staff at Warner Bros. due to the film's mixed critical reception and disappointing financial performance.

By 2019, Warner Bros. had prioritized standalone films over the project, although "Wonder Woman" director Patty Jenkins noted she is open to directing a "Justice League" sequel.



</doc>
<doc id="44121136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44121136" title="The Fabulous Joe">
The Fabulous Joe

The Fabulous Joe is a 1947 American comedy film directed by Harve Foster and written by Arnold Belgard and Jack Jevne. The film stars Walter Abel, Margot Grahame, Marie Wilson, Donald Meek, Sheldon Leonard and Howard Petrie. The film was released on August 29, 1947, by United Artists.

Milo Terkel has been asked for a divorce by his wife Emily and he explains to a judge why, including that it's partially the fault of his dog Joe.

The trouble began one night when Milo bought Emily an expensive piece of jewelry, only to discover she won't be home for dinner. He goes out to eat, taking Joe with him, and the suitably named Gorgeous Gilmore spots the jewelry and admires it.

Jealousy ensues after Emily's freeloading brother George Baxter begins to meddle, making it appear Milo's seeing another woman. Joe the dog doesn't help matters, causing Gorgeous to fall into a pond, causing Milo to take her home and replace her dress. Then the new dress gets ripped from Gorgeous by angry boyfriend Louie.

By the time Milo is done telling how many different ways Joe has intervened and that the dog is even talking to him, the judge is ready to sentence him to a sanitarium. Emily takes pity and takes him away for a fresh start to their marriage instead.



</doc>
<doc id="44121287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44121287" title="The Roosevelt Story">
The Roosevelt Story

The Roosevelt Story is a 1947 American documentary film written and directed by Lawrence M. Klee. The film is a documentary about the private and public life of Franklin D. Roosevelt. The film was narrated by Ed Begley, Gene Blakely, Kelly Flint, Canada Lee and Kenneth Lynch. The film was released on August 30, 1947, by United Artists.




</doc>
<doc id="44122335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44122335" title="Evil Obsession">
Evil Obsession

Evil Obsession (a.k.a. Illegal Entry, U.K. title) is a 1997 erotic thriller film produced and directed by Richard W. Munchkin. The film stars Corey Feldman as a man obsessed with, and stalking model Kimberly Stevens, amidst a spate of serial murders of models.

Homer Douglas (Corey Feldman) is obsessed with famous model Margo Johnson (Kimberly Stevens) to the point of having decorated his room with her pictures and sent her strange letters. He breaks into her home and watches her undress while hiding under her bed.

Worried about a rash of recent murders of her fellow models, Margo calls a private investigator Damon Thomas (Mark Derwin) to investigate the strange letters she's been receiving. He encourages her to continue with her daily routine. She attends her acting class, taught by auteur Stavinski (Brion James) who is demanding and perfectionist. Homer follows her into class and successfully auditions to become a student. However, he is forced to work with Samantha (Una Damon), a fellow student and model, because Margo already has an acting partner, her boyfriend Bill (Michael Phenicie). After witnessing the two have a violent argument, Homer finds Bill alone and severely beats him with a brick.

Damon quietly investigates Margo's friends and associates including her housekeeper Anita (Hannah Sussman), Samantha, and Stavinski's receptionist Liz (Stacie Randall), who is also a model. While attempting to speak to Stavinski, Damon causes Liz to interrupt one of Stavinski's private acting lessons. Furious, he humiliates her in front of another student & model (Lorelei Leslie).

The next day at the studio, they discover that Bill has been hospitalized with severe brain injuries from which he will never recover. Since Margo has lost her acting partner, she is paired with Homer. She invites him over to her house. In the meantime, Damon has been investigating Homer. The PI breaks into Homer's house to discover his collage of Margo pictures and crayons matching the ones used to write his letters to Margo. He arrives at her house to arrest Homer.

In prison, Homer is interrogated for the letters, and for the assault on Bill. However, it becomes clear that Homer is not the one who has been killing the models.

Later that night, Margo receives a call from the acting studio telling her to come over. It is revealed to have been a trap, and Margo is tied down to a table to be murdered in the same manner as the other models. Damon arrives just in time to shoot the mysterious assailant. They turn over the body to discover that it was Liz who was committing the murders. Homer is released from lockup.


The film currently holds a 5.3 user rating on IMDb.



</doc>
<doc id="44122936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44122936" title="The Angry God">
The Angry God

The Angry God is a 1948 American drama film directed by Van Campen Heilner and written by Lester Crocker and Harold McCracken. The film stars Alice Parla, Casimiro Ortega and Mario Forastieri. The film was released on March 14, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44125203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44125203" title="Here Comes Trouble (1948 film)">
Here Comes Trouble (1948 film)

Here Comes Trouble is a 1948 American comedy film produced and directed by Fred Guiol and written by George Carleton Brown and Edward E. Seabrook. The film stars William Tracy, Joe Sawyer, Emory Parnell, Betty Compson (her final film) and Joan Woodbury. The film was released on March 15, 1948, by United Artists.

Returning home from his Army service in the Pacific, Dodo Doubleday resumes his former job as a copy boy at a newspaper. Dodo's girlfriend Penny Blake is determined to have her father, the editor of the newspaper, promote Dodo to a job with a salary where they can afford to marry. However her father, "Windy" Blake detests Dodo and wishes Penny to marry someone of her own social standing. After a fourth of the paper's police reporters is beaten up by gangsters and leaves town, Windy sees the answer to his problems by promoting Dodo to Police Reporter.

Reporting to the Police Station on his first day on the job, Dodo meets his old Sergeant Ames who is now a uniformed police officer on "his" first day on the force. The pair team up to break up the organized crime ring that leads to double crossing, blackmail, murder and a frantic chase in a house of burlesque.



</doc>
<doc id="44128762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44128762" title="Silent Conflict">
Silent Conflict

Silent Conflict is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Charles Belden. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Virginia Belmont, Earle Hodgins and James Harrison. It was released on March 19, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44129723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44129723" title="Ricki and the Flash">
Ricki and the Flash

Ricki and the Flash is a 2015 American musical comedy-drama film directed by Jonathan Demme and written by Diablo Cody, about a woman who leaves her family to become a rock star and later gets a chance to make amends. The film stars Meryl Streep, Mamie Gummer, Kevin Kline, Sebastian Stan, Rick Springfield, Audra McDonald, and Ben Platt. The film marks Streep and Kline's third collaboration after "Sophie's Choice" (1982) and "A Prairie Home Companion" (2006). It was Demme's final dramatic film before his death in April 2017.

Principal photography began on October 13, 2014, in Rye, New York. TriStar Pictures financed, and released the film on August 7, 2015. The film received mixed reviews from critics who praised the performances of the cast but criticised its screenplay, tone and execution and grossed $41.3 million at the box office against its $30 million budget.

Ricki chased her dreams of becoming a famous rock star by abandoning her family. She gets a chance to put things right when her ex-husband Pete asks her to visit Indianapolis and help their estranged daughter Julie through a difficult time.

Ricki has a rock band that plays a regular gig at a small bar, when she is not working as a cashier to make ends meet. Julie recently attempted suicide because her husband cheated on her and is divorcing her. Despite being broke, Ricki comes to Indianapolis to help her daughter, but Julie is hostile. Likewise, her two sons are hostile and unwelcoming. One is gay and the other recently became engaged, though no one told their mother. Still, Ricki gets through to Julie. Unfortunately, her husband's second wife, Maureen, returns unexpectedly, confronting Ricki with some hard truths. She wasn't there for her children when they needed her and Maureen was. Ashamed, Ricki returns to her band in California angry and bitter, insulting her guitarist who is in love with her. He makes her realize he cares and they make love. Maureen sends Ricki an invitation to the son's wedding as an olive branch, but Ricki can't afford to go. Her boyfriend sells his best guitar to pay for the tickets. Despite her attempts at reconciliation, she's clearly still an outsider. The wedding guests look askance at Ricki when she gets up to toast the bride and groom. As her gift, having no money, she has her band take over and play for the guests. Her son and his bride start the wedding dance and slowly the guests join in.

Diablo Cody based the script in part on her mother-in-law Terry Cieri, who has fronted a New Jersey bar band for years. Cody said, "I watched her on stage so many times, and I thought to myself, 'This woman's life is a movie.' Cody specifically wrote the role of Ricki with Streep in her mind noting that actresses over 50 in Hollywood typically don't get complicated parts. Ricki's daughter is played by Streep's daughter, Mamie Gummer marking the third film the two have made together, after 1986's "Heartburn" and 2007's "Evening"."

"Ricki and the Flash" was dedicated to "Rick the Bass Player", which is the stage name for Rick Rosas who played "Buster", the Flash's bass player in the film.

Filming was first set to begin on October 1, 2014 in New York City. Principal photography officially began on October 13, 2014, in Rye, New York. On October 14, Streep was spotted filming some scenes at Numi & Co. Hair Salon in Rye. On November 3, 2014, she was also seen filming in Nyack, New York. The wedding sequence was shot at Untermyer Park in Yonkers, New York.

On May 6, 2014, Sony's TriStar set the film for a June 26, 2015 release. The release date was later changed to August 7, 2015. The film was chosen as the opening selection for the 2015 Locarno Film Festival which was held on August 5, 2015 in Locarno, Switzerland.

"Ricki and the Flash" grossed $26.8 million in North America and $13.3 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $40.1 million, against a budget of $18 million.

The film grossed $6.6 million from 1,603 theaters in its opening weekend, finishing 7th at the box office. The film added 461 theaters in its second week (a total of 2,064 screens), but dropped to ninth place with $4.6 million (a decline of 31 percent). In its third week the film grossed $3 million from 2,013 screens.

The film opened in Italy on September 11, 2015 and came in fifth place with a weekend total of $413,800.

"Ricki and the Flash" has received mixed reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a rating of 65%, based on 195 reviews, with an average rating of 5.97/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Meryl Streep's outstanding work helps "Ricki and the Flash" overcome its inconsistent tone and fairly-predictable premise." Metacritic gives the film a score of 54 out of 100, based on reviews from 36 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". CinemaScore announced that audiences gave the film an average grade of "B" on an A+ to F scale.

IGN gave the film a score of 7.8/10, saying, ""Ricki and the Flash" offers a breezy, heartwarming, if somewhat manufactured tale about an aging rocker reconnecting with her family".



</doc>
<doc id="44130927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44130927" title="The Dead Don't Dream">
The Dead Don't Dream

The Dead Don't Dream is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Francis Rosenwald. The picture stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Mary Ware, John Parrish and Leonard Penn, and was released in 1948 by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44131200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44131200" title="Sinister Journey">
Sinister Journey

Sinister Journey is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Doris Schroeder. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Elaine Riley, John Kellogg and Don Haggerty. The film was released on June 11, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44131970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44131970" title="Borrowed Trouble">
Borrowed Trouble

Borrowed Trouble is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Charles Belden. The film stars William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Helen Chapman, Anne O'Neal, John Parrish and Cliff Clark. The film was released on July 23, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44133576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44133576" title="Urubu (film)">
Urubu (film)

Urubu is a 1948 American adventure film directed by George P. Breakston and Yorke Coplen, written by Patrick Whyte, and starring George P. Breakston and Yorke Coplen. The film was released on September 24, 1948, by United Artists.




</doc>
<doc id="44134516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44134516" title="Strange Gamble">
Strange Gamble

Strange Gamble is a 1948 American Western film directed by George Archainbaud, written by Doris Schroeder, Bennett Cohen and Ande Lamb, and starring William Boyd, Andy Clyde, Rand Brooks, Elaine Riley, James Craven and Robert Williams. It was released on October 8, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44135542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44135542" title="Joy (2015 film)">
Joy (2015 film)

Joy is a 2015 American biographical comedy-drama film, written and directed by David O. Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence as Joy Mangano, a self-made millionaire who created her own business empire.

"Joy" received a theatrical release on December 25, 2015, distributed by 20th Century Fox. It received mixed reviews from critics, who praised Lawrence's performance but criticized the writing and pace of the film. Lawrence received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for her performance. "Joy" was also nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, among other accolades.

In 1990, Joy Mangano, an airline booking agent residing in Peconic, New York, struggles financially while juggling a complicated family life. Living with Joy and her two children are her single mother, Terri, who spends all day in bed watching soap operas, her maternal grandmother, Mimi, and her under-employed ex-husband, Tony, a wannabe singer who sleeps in the basement. Her overachieving paternal half-sister, Peggy, constantly humiliates Joy in front of her children for her failed marriage. Joy's father, Rudy, further complicates matters when he also moves into the basement after his third divorce. 

Mimi and Joy's best friend, Jackie, encourage Joy to pursue her inventing ambitions. Frustrated when using a conventional mop, Joy designs and builds an innovative self-wringing type. Trudy, a wealthy Italian widow Rudy is dating, agrees to invest in Joy's product. They contract with a California company to manufacture the mop's parts at a low price. To avoid a potential patent lawsuit, the company advises Joy to pay $50,000 in royalties to a man in Hong Kong who has a similar product. When the manufacturer repeatedly bills Joy to remake their faulty parts, Joy refuses to pay.

Joy meets QVC executive Neil Walker who agrees to sell her mops on TV. To manufacture 50,000 additional units, Joy takes out a second home mortgage. When the first TV attempt fails after the celebrity pitchman improperly demonstrates the product, Joy demands she be allowed to do a second infomercial. The mop sells out, earning thousands of dollars; Joy's success is soon tempered by Mimi's sudden death. 

Joy's fledgling business is financially jeopardized after Peggy pays the manufacturer's excessive overcharges without Joy's approval. The manufacturer refuses to refund the money, and a contract loophole allows them to fraudulently patent Joy's mop design as their own. Shortly after filing for bankruptcy, Joy discovers there never was a similar product in Hong Kong, and the manufacturer has defrauded her. She confronts owner Derek Markham, forcing him to refund the overcharges, pay damages, and relinquish any claim to her patent or else face criminal charges.

Joy becomes a successful independent businesswoman who sponsors other inventors. Jackie and Tony are her most valued advisers. Joy supports her aging father, despite his and Peggy's unsuccessful lawsuit for ownership of her company. Only Terri is independent, having found stability with Toussaint, a Haitian plumber Joy once hired. As Neil predicted, he and Joy became "adversaries in commerce," with her move to HSN, but they remain personal friends.

In January 2014, it was announced that David O. Russell's upcoming project would entail rewriting and directing a drama film about American inventor and entrepreneur Joy Mangano, a struggling Long Island single mom of three children. Russell set Jennifer Lawrence to play the lead role in the film, which John Davis and John Fox produced for Davis Entertainment, along with Ken Mok, with 20th Century Fox holding the distribution rights. In early November 2014, Russell said it was "a great opportunity to do something neither Jennifer nor I have done [before]." He also stated that he would like to cast Robert De Niro and create a role for Bradley Cooper to star in the film. On November 11, it was reported that De Niro was in final talks to re-team with Russell and Lawrence in the film, to play Mangano's father. They worked together in the 2012 film "Silver Linings Playbook", and then De Niro made a cameo in 2013's "American Hustle". Russell rewrote the script by Annie Mumolo. On November 17, De Niro confirmed his casting, saying "Yes I am going to do something with them. I am going to play a father." In early December 2014, Cooper was officially set to star along with Lawrence, playing an executive at QVC who helps Joy by giving the Miracle Mop a boost. On December 8, Édgar Ramírez was cast as Tony Miranda, Joy's now ex-husband. Additional cast members, including Isabella Rossellini, Diane Ladd, and Virginia Madsen in unspecified roles, were revealed on February 17, 2015. Isabella Crovetti-Cramp played young Joy. In February, another working title was revealed, which was "Kay's Baptism." Elisabeth Röhm's casting as Peggy, sister of Joy Mangano, was revealed on February 27, 2015.

Principal photography began in February 2015, after De Niro completed the shooting of "Dirty Grandpa". Filming was originally set to begin on February 9, 2015, in Boston, Massachusetts, making this Russell's third film shot in the area. Due to snow in the city, filming was rescheduled to begin on February 19, on Federal Street in Wilmington, MA, lasting through February 26, but principal photography on the film began in Boston on February 16, 2015.

In Wilmington, filming lasted until February 26, 2015. On February 27, 2015, Lawrence made a Facebook post denying the rumors about her clashes with Russell on the set of the film, saying, "David O. Russell is one of my closest friends and we have an amazing collaborative working relationship. I adore this man and he does not deserve this tabloid malarkey. This movie is going great and I'm having a blast making it!" After wrapping up in Wilmington, the production moved to North Reading, where shooting took place March 2–4, 2015 and on March 11 and 12.

The film was released on December 25, 2015.

"Joy" grossed $56.4 million in the U.S. and Canada and $44.7 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $101.1 million against a budget of $60 million.

In the United States and Canada, the film opened on December 25, 2015 alongside "Point Break", "Daddy's Home", and "Concussion", as well as the wide release of "The Big Short". In its opening weekend, it was projected to gross $13–15 million from 2,896 theaters. It ended up grossing $17 million, finishing third at the box office behind "" ($149.2 million) and "Daddy's Home" ($38.7 million).

"Joy" received mixed reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 60%, based on 256 reviews, with an average rating of 6.29/10. The site's consensus reads, ""Joy" is anchored by a strong performance from Jennifer Lawrence, although director David O. Russell's uncertain approach to its fascinating fact-based tale only sporadically sparks bursts of the titular emotion." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 56 out of 100, based on 48 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.




</doc>
<doc id="44139916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44139916" title="An Innocent Affair">
An Innocent Affair

An Innocent Affair is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Lou Breslow and Joseph Hoffman. The film stars Fred MacMurray, Madeleine Carroll, Charles 'Buddy' Rogers, Rita Johnson, Louise Allbritton and Alan Mowbray. The film was released on October 15, 1948, by United Artists. In the United Kingdom, the film was released under the title "Don't Trust Your Husband".

Ad man Vincent Doane is assigned to land Margot Fraser's perfume account. Anxious that his wife Paula might become jealous, he fibs that the account is with a "Mr. Fraser."

Paula gets suspicious and decides to play a trick on her husband, hiring an actor to pretend to be a gigolo who is interested in her. Little does she know that Vincent has been tipped off to the ruse. Business tycoon Claude Kimball is mistaken for the gigolo and gets snared in the Doanes' schemes, including when the fellow playing the gigolo turns up.

Vincent is shocked when Claude arranges for a multi-million-dollar tobacco account to come his way. Paula, however, demands a divorce during the confusion, convinced that Margot has been having an affair with her husband. A confrontation involving all at a train station results in Paula being slapped by Margot, then finally figuring out that her husband has been faithful to her all along.



</doc>
<doc id="44141290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44141290" title="Destination 60,000">
Destination 60,000

Destination 60,000 (aka Jet) is a 65-minute 1957 drama film, directed by George Waggner and produced by the Allied Artists Pictures . The film stars Preston Foster, Pat Conway and Jeff Donnell. "Destination 60,000" depicts the life of test pilots flying the fastest experimental supersonic fighter designs from Edwards Air Force Base.

A new experimental aircraft, "The Dream" is the pride of the Buckley Aircraft Corporation. Owner Colonel Ed Buckley (Preston Foster), has designed and built a prototype that his former wartime flying buddy, Jeff Connors (Pat Conway), wants to fly. Buckley's wife Ruth likes Jeff, who is godfather to their son "Skip" (Bobby Clark). Test flying is dangerous work, and Jeff has to learn how to fly to supersonic speeds, coached by Mickey Hill (Denver Pyle). Ed's secretary, Mary Ellen (Coleen Gray), is another reason for Jeff to want to join the company.

Although Mickey is scheduled to do the first test, his wife Grace (Anne Barton) is expecting, so Ed assigns Jeff. "The Dream" is carried to altitude by a Boeing B-29/P2B mothership before being released to fly on its own power. When Jeff tries to ignite the rocket motors, the aircraft explodes. but he ejects using an escape pod, landing safely. Suspected of somehow being responsible for the explosion, he is placed on a 30-day suspension, but Jeff protests and quits. With his partner Dan Maddox (Russell Thorson), Ed constructs a second prototype, with Mickey as the test pilot.

A repeat of the same explosion lands Mickey in the hospital. He had blacked out, but the automatic escape pod had deployed, saving his life. In a visit to the hospital where he sees Ed, Jeff asks to come back, claiming he will serve his suspension while a new aircraft is being built. With his company's fortunes at a low ebb, Ed believes he has the answer to the violent explosions and elects to fly the next test himself. Jeff accompanies him. "The Dream" climbs to 60,000 feet, then Ed cuts the motors and reignites them successfully, but blacks out. Jeff sends out a Mayday, shouting, "Bandits at two o'clock." Like he had in wartime, Ed instinctively reacts and pulls out of the dive. With the test a success and the company again in good shape, Ed and Jeff land safely and return to Ruth and Mary, who are waiting for them.

"Destination 60,000" has the feel of a docudrama, weaving a fictional story into a depiction of the brave test pilots flying the Douglas D-558-2 Skyrocket. Principal photography began in mid-August 1956 at California Studios. Full cooperation from the Douglas Aircraft Company was acknowledged. The ability to film at Edwards Air Force Base also enhanced the "first-hand" descriptions.

"Destination 60,000" was primarily a B film, "one of a cycle of late-1950s films dealing with the exploits of supersonic-jet test pilots. ... Destination 60,000 was put together by Gross-Krasne Productions, a firm more closely associated with weekly TV series ("Big Town", "Dr. Hudson's Secret Journal", "Mayor of the Town", etc.)."


Notes

Citations

Bibliography



</doc>
<doc id="44141429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44141429" title="The Valiant Hombre">
The Valiant Hombre

The Valiant Hombre is a 1948 American Western film directed by Wallace Fox, written by Adele Buffington, and starring Duncan Renaldo, Leo Carrillo, John Litel, Barbara Billingsley, John James and Stanley Andrews. It was released on December 15, 1948, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44141670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44141670" title="The Daring Caballero">
The Daring Caballero

The Valiant Hombre is a 1949 American Western film directed by Wallace Fox and written by Betty Burbridge. The film stars Duncan Renaldo, Leo Carrillo, Kippee Valez, Charles Halton, Pedro de Cordoba and Stephen Chase. The film was released on June 14, 1949, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44142355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44142355" title="Satan's Cradle">
Satan's Cradle

Satan's Cradle is a 1949 American Western film directed by Ford Beebe and written by J. Benton Cheney, and starring Duncan Renaldo, Leo Carrillo, Ann Savage, Douglas Fowley and Byron Foulger. It was released on October 7, 1949, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44142479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44142479" title="Johnny Holiday (film)">
Johnny Holiday (film)

Johnny Holiday is a 1949 American crime film directed by Willis Goldbeck and written by Jack Andrews, Willis Goldbeck and Frederick Stephani. The film stars William Bendix, Stanley Clements, Hoagy Carmichael, Allen Martin Jr., Greta Granstedt and Herbert Newcomb. The film was released on November 18, 1949, by United Artists.

Johnny Holiday (Allen Martin Jr) is a fatherless boy whose mother (Greta Granstedt) is ill in hospital. He hero-worships the psychopathic teenager Eddie Duggan (Stanley Clements). Protecting the thieving Clements, Johnny is sent to a reformatory in Indiana, where he is taken under the wing of Sgt Walker (William Bendix), the bluff but kindly man in charge of the school farm. Walker asks for Holiday to be assigned to him when he realises that Holiday has a natural aptitude for caring for horses, as well as an innocent, sweet nature. 

When Duggan turns up in the reformatory, he persuades Holiday to break out with him. At a Christmas entertainment featuring Indiana-born Hoagy Carmichael, Duggan strong-arms Holiday into an attempt at escape. Holiday faces an ethical choice between Duggan, his former hero, and Walker, who has stood by him and taken care of him, even secretly bringing him to visit his mother… 



</doc>
<doc id="44142534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44142534" title="The Devil's Hand (2014 film)">
The Devil's Hand (2014 film)

The Devil's Hand, also known under its working titles of Where the Devil Hides, The Devil's Rapture, and The Occult, is a 2014 American horror movie that was directed by Christian E. Christiansen and written by Karl Mueller. The film was released direct-to-video on October 14, 2014, and centers upon five girls born into an Amish community that believes them to be part of a Satanic prophecy.

In a close-knit Amish community, a prophecy appears to come true when six girls are born on June 6. The prophecy states that six girls will be born on the sixth day of the six month and that one of them will become the "Devil’s Hand" when she turns 18. Jacob Brown (Rufus Sewell), the father of one of the girls, manages to prevent the community's Elder Beacon (Colm Meaney) from killing them all, but one mother kills her daughter shortly after her birth and then takes her own life.

As the remaining girls come closer to their eighteenth birthday, they live with relative ignorance of the prophecy, but their actions are constantly monitored by the Elder Beacon and much of the community. Furthermore, Jacob's epileptic daughter Mary (Alycia Debnam-Carey), begins experiencing terrifying visions. As tensions rise, a mysterious figure begins to murder the girls.

After all the girls but Mary are murdered, the killer is revealed to be Mary's mother Susan (Stacy Edwards), who had been exiled from the community. As the prophecy stated that the remaining girls would be killed, Susan sought to ensure Mary would become the Devil's Hand, guaranteeing her survival. Upon turning 18, Mary assumes her role as Satan's minion and massacres the community's elders.


"Fangoria" and "The Dissolve" both panned "The Devil's Hand", and "Fangoria" wrote that although the cinematography was nice and the film had some talented actors, the film "plays more like a CW-style teen melodrama than a serious theological terror film, especially when Mary begins hanging out with Trevor (Thomas McDonell), a boy from the next town over who just happens to be the son of the local sheriff. The movie seems more devoted to their lovey-dovey subplot than to exploring its own darker sides—including developing insinuations that Elder Beacon is a perv in addition to being a zealot. Then, at the very end, it finally remembers it’s a horror film and delivers a suitably spooky conclusion; but all the blood and thunder of the last few minutes serve mostly to point up how half-hearted the previous 80 are." "Dread Central" was more positive in their review, stating "While "The Devil’s Hand" is not the most intelligent nor tightly plotted or creative thriller to come along lately, it is well-acted, very gory and has a great-guns ending zinger that’s a fitting nod to the old school."



</doc>
<doc id="44145517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44145517" title="Mrs. Mike (film)">
Mrs. Mike (film)

Mrs. Mike is a 1949 American drama film directed by Louis King and written by DeWitt Bodeen and Alfred Lewis Levitt. The film stars Dick Powell, Evelyn Keyes, J. M. Kerrigan, Angela Clarke, Will Wright and Nan Boardman. The film was released on December 23, 1949, by United Artists.

A young Boston woman, Kathy O'Fallon, travels north to visit her Uncle John at his cabin near the Canada–US border. While there she meets Mike Flannigan, a sergeant with the Canadian Royal Northwest Mounted Police, and before long they're in love. Kathy marries Mike, who takes her by dogsled to his outpost in the cold, remote north.

Life is harsh there, particularly during the winters. A tightly knit community counts on Mike in ways that go far beyond normal police business. But he is away when a pregnant Kathy begins to worry about giving birth in such a primitive environment. Neighbors help deliver Mary, a baby girl, but surviving in the wilderness is extremely difficult, and the infant dies during a diphtheria epidemic. Kathy makes up her mind to return to Boston, but realizes that she still loves and can't leave Mike.




</doc>
<doc id="44146424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44146424" title="Everly (film)">
Everly (film)

Everly is a 2014 American action thriller film directed by Joe Lynch and written by Yale Hannon based on a story by Lynch and Hannon. The film stars Salma Hayek as the title character with Akie Kotabe, Jennifer Blanc, Masashi Fujimoto, Togo Igawa, Gabriella Wright, Caroline Chikezie, Laura Cepeda, and Hiroyuki Watanabe in supporting roles.

The film was released via iTunes on January 23, 2015, and received a limited theatrical release on February 27, 2015, by Dimension Films.

Everly (Salma Hayek), trapped into sexual slavery working for the brutal Japanese criminal overlord Taiko (Hiroyuki Watanabe), is attacked in her apartment by Taiko's enforcers after he discovers that she has been working with a police officer to damage his organization. However, though Taiko expected his men to kill her easily after torturing her, Everly retrieves a gun she had hidden and manages to kill all of her attackers. Taiko then begins a sadistic game of toying with Everly, dispatching numerous hired killers and offering the other prostitutes in the building (which he presumably owns) a bounty if they manage to kill her. Meanwhile, Everly attempts to contact her mother Edith (Laura Cepeda) and young daughter Maisey (Aisha Ayamah) to save them from other henchmen of Taiko and get them out of the situation alive.

After managing to evade Taiko's attackers for an extended period of time, Everly is captured by The Sadist (Togo Igawa), an assistant of Taiko's. He has her tied up and placed in a cage while he taunts and tortures her with battery and sulfuric acid, along with other corrosive liquids, at one point pouring water into her eyes while she screams in fear, believing it is acid. When The Sadist pours some of the corrosive liquid onto a rope binding her wrist, the rope starts disintegrating. Edith shoots and kills two of The Sadist's henchmen; in return, he begins forcing her mother to drink drain cleaner. The rope collapses after Everly tugs on it; she kills two of the henchmen and wounds The Sadist. She rushes to help Edith, but is subdued by The Sadist, who attempts to stab her mother; Everly resurfaces, disarms The Sadist and forces him to drink one of his acids; he dies violently as Everly and Edith watch in horror.

It is revealed that Everly was a prisoner in the plush apartment after being kidnapped by Taiko four years earlier and forced into sexual slavery. She has had no contact with Edith or Maisey during that time, and her mother is confused and angry at the deadly situation they are suddenly thrust into. As Everly fights off the numerous attacks, some of the foes become more outlandish; originally they are simply armed thugs, but the Sadist's team appear in costumes and plan for extravagant tortures. The final surge is from a group of what appears to be specialized troops or police officers.

Eventually, Edith is killed by a sniper hired by Taiko from the building across from the apartment. When the sniper shoots a rocket-propelled grenade into the apartment, Taiko beheads him in anger, believing that he killed Everly, though she survives. Everly is finally subdued, but manages to kill Taiko after his soldiers have left. One of the Sadist's compatriots', the Masochist, attempts to slash Maisey before Everly kills him with a single headshot. Afterwards, Everly reconciles with Maisey, who was under the protection of one of Everly's enslaved neighbors (who was eventually killed). The film closes with Everly seemingly succumbing to her wounds, but with Maisey still alive and potentially safe with the death of Taiko. However, immediately before the credits, there is audio of a beeping heart-monitor and gasp of breath to indicate that Everly has not died after all.


On February 1, 2012, Kate Hudson joined the cast. On May 10, 2013, Salma Hayek joined the cast to replace Hudson in the lead role.

"Everly" premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 20, 2014. The film was released on iTunes on January 23, 2015, and was released theatrically on February 27, 2015 by Dimension Films.

"Everly" received negative reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 29% approval rating, with a rating average of 4.3/10, based on 34 reviews. The site's consensus states: ""Everly" benefits from Joe Lynch's stylish direction and Salma Hayek's starring work, but it's too thinly written and sleazily violent to fully recommend." On Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 based on reviews from critics, the film has a score of 35 based on 16 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews."



</doc>
<doc id="44147955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44147955" title="The Girl from San Lorenzo">
The Girl from San Lorenzo

The Girl from San Lorenzo is a 1950 American Western film directed by Derwin Abrahams and written by Ford Beebe. The film stars Duncan Renaldo, Leo Carrillo, Jane Adams, William F. Leicester, Byron Foulger and Don C. Harvey. The film was released on February 24, 1950, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44148187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44148187" title="The Great Plane Robbery (1950 film)">
The Great Plane Robbery (1950 film)

The Great Plane Robbery is a 1950 American crime film directed by Edward L. Cahn and written by Sam Baerwitz and Richard G. Hubler. The film stars Tom Conway, Margaret Hamilton, Steve Brodie, Lynne Roberts, David Bruce and Marcel Journet. The film was released on March 10, 1950, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44149444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44149444" title="When I Grow Up (film)">
When I Grow Up (film)

When I Grow Up is a 1951 American drama film written and directed by Michael Kanin. The film stars Bobby Driscoll, Robert Preston, Martha Scott, Sherry Jackson, Johnny McGovern and Frances Chaney. The film was released on April 20, 1951, by United Artists.


</doc>
<doc id="44150704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44150704" title="The First Legion">
The First Legion

The First Legion is a 1951 American drama film directed by Douglas Sirk and written by Emmet Lavery. The film stars Charles Boyer, William Demarest, Lyle Bettger, Walter Hampden, Barbara Rush, Wesley Addy, H. B. Warner and Leo G. Carroll. The film was released on April 27, 1951, by United Artists.

Fr. John Fulton, a Jesuit instructor in a seminary school, feels he has lost his vocation. A talk with his friend Fr. Marc Arnoux is no help. But on the night he plans to leave the seminary (and the Order) his old teacher Fr. Jose Sierra miraculously gets up and walks, to tell him to stay. The young, wheelchair-bound neighbor Terry Gilmartin regains hope a similar miracle might allow her to walk; her physician, Dr. Peter Morrell, the same one who attended Fr. Sierra, and who is in love with Terry, confesses that he had engineered Sierra's miraculous recovery, to Fr. Arnoux, but refuses his advice to tell the truth. The Jesuit seminary rector orders Fr. Arnoux to plead the validity of the miracle before the Vatican, in Rome. When his highly respected subordinate refuses, the rector dies of a heart attack. At that point Dr. Morrell admits his deception, in particular to Terry, who goes to the seminary chapel and, miraculously, gets out of her wheelchair, at the moment she prays for Dr. Morrell.


The film was restored by the UCLA Film & Television Archive, with funding provided by The Louis B. Mayer Foundation and The Carl David Memorial Fund for Film Preservation; the restoration was publicly screened in March 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="44154271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44154271" title="Un gallo con muchos huevos">
Un gallo con muchos huevos

Un gallo con muchos huevos (Spanish: "A Rooster with Many Eggs"), released in the United States as Huevos: Little Rooster's Egg-cellent Adventure, is a 3D Mexican computer animated film produced by Huevocartoon Producciones. The third film in the blockbuster "Huevos" animated film franchise, as well it being the first CG film, it is written, produced, and directed by Huevocartoon alumni Gabriel Riva Palacio Alatriste and Rodolfo Riva Palacio Alatriste.

The Spanish version features the voices of Bruno Bichir, Maite Perroni, Omar Chaparro, Ninel Conde, Carlos Espejel, Sergio Sendel, and television host Facundo.

The film was released on 20 August 2015 in Mexico in 2D and 3D theaters, where it became a major commercial success and grossed $167.8 million pesos during its theatrical run in the country. The film is the highest-grossing animated film produced in Mexico, and the eleventh in the industry of all time.

Pantelion Films released this film in the United States on 4 September 2015 in the original Spanish-language format with English subtitles, where is it was a surprise box-office success.

Learning his home is in bankruptcy and being sold, a timid young rooster named Toto (Bruno Bichir/Zachary Gordon) summons the courage to fight a rooster boxing champion Bankivoide (Sergio Sendel) at el Palenque to save his home.



The film was released in theaters in the United States on 4 September 2015 by Pantelion Films in 395 theaters across the country. It expanded to 616 theaters the following week, making it the first time a Mexican animated feature had received a wide release in the United States. "We're very pleased about the quality we achieved," Gabriel Riva said in an interview. He also stated that being able to debut the film in the U.S. "is a dream come true".

In Mexico, the film spent three weeks at the number one position. In its first week it earning around $56,904,145 pesos (US$3,380,642) from 2,462 screens. It dropped by -40% in its second week to end the weekend with $1,712,867, and by 30 percent to end the weekend with $1,198,137. It's cumulative total after three weeks is $7,613,968.

In the United States, the film opened at #9 earning around $3.4 million. In its second weekend it increased to 616 screens, seeing a decline of 41 percent to $2,024,134. Its cumulative total after two weeks was $6,791,486.

As of April 18, 2016, the film has grossed $9,080,818 at North American theaters and $16,161,585 from international markets, giving it a worldwide total of $25,242,403.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 63% based on 16 reviews, with an average rating of 5.8/10. According to CinemaScore, audiences gave the film a rare grade of "A+" on an A+ to F scale.

"Un gallo con muchos huevos" was originally rumored to be the final installment of the franchise. However, it was announced that the fourth and fifth installments are in development. Both of the films will be animated in computer animation.

The fourth film, titled "Un rescate de huevitos" (formerly "Huevitos en fuga"), will focus on protagonists Toto and Di which they must rescue their inexperienced but cute egg children after being taken from a collector and being sold in Africa for food. Originally slated for release in 2019, the film is currently in production and is expected to be released in April 2020.

The fifth film, titled "Un gallo congelado", will feature a new antagonist, a pirate, who hates Toto and wants to do anything to stop his life. Miguel Rodarte, in which the film is his first voice-acting role, and Arath de la Torre have joined the film's voice cast. It will be released in 2022, after production of "Huevitos" is finished.




</doc>
<doc id="44154524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44154524" title="Skipalong Rosenbloom">
Skipalong Rosenbloom

Skipalong Rosenbloom is a 1951 American Western comedy film directed by Sam Newfield and written by Eddie Forman and Dean Riesner. Starring Max Rosenbloom, Max Baer, Jackie Coogan, Fuzzy Knight, Hillary Brooke and Jacqueline Fontaine, it was released on April 30, 1951, by United Artists.



</doc>
<doc id="44154774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44154774" title="Queen for a Day (film)">
Queen for a Day (film)

Queen for a Day is a 1951 American comedy film directed by Arthur Lubin and written by Seton I. Miller. The film stars Jack Bailey, Jim Morgan, Fort Pearson, Melanie York, Cynthia Corley, Kay Wiley and Helen Mowery. The film was released on July 7, 1951, by United Artists.

It was a spin off of "Queen for a Day", an American quiz show that aired on radio beginning in 1945 and on television, hosted by Bailey, from 1956-64.

Quiz show producer Jim Morgan reads letters from radio listeners to host Jack Bailey, telling their stories of the impact appearing as contestants on "Queen for a Day had on their lives. The stories are "The Gossamer World", "The High Diver" and "Horsie".

In "The Gossmaer World" Marjorie Watkins writes to the show thanking them for sending a toy engine to their six year old son Pete. Pete has a rampant imagination and is always telling stories. Marjorie tells her husband Dan she is worried Pete has no friends his own age. Pete meets Charles but hits himwith a rock. Pete introduces his imaginary friend "Shun," short for "distinction," to his parents and blames Shun for his own accidents. Marjorie worries Pete will not take responsibility and Dan and he have a chat about this. Pete attends his first day at school and makes a friend, Jim, and says shun was a silly game. Pete then contracts polio. Marjorie tells the show that the train meants everything to him because it will be the only way he can get around until he walks again someday.

In "The High Diver" the son of immigrant parents attempts to raise money for college by doing a dangerous high dive.




"Queen for a Day" was a popular radio quiz show in the 1940s and 1950s with an audience of five million. Film rights to the show had been optioned by Seymour Nebenzal and Jesse L. Lasky but neither had exercised the option. In September 1949 Robert Stillman, a former associate of Stanley Kramer, bought the screen rights from the Raymond B Morgan advertising company. Stillman had been looking to make an American anthology film along the lines of "Trio" (1950) and felt by using the quiz show as a framing device, "We found a commercial hook for a picture we didn't have to compromise with."

Stillman was going to make the film as his first under a deal with United Artists but then decided to make "The Condemned" (which became "The Sound of Fury") instead. "Queen for a Day" would be the second in a proposed slate of six films.

In November 1949 Seton I Miller signed to be an associate producer and to write the script.

The original plan was to film four stories. In January 1950 Stillman bought the screen rights to the story "The High Diver" by John Ainsworth, which he intended use as one of the stories in the movie. The same month he bought the rights to Faith Baldwin's 1948 magazine story "This Gossamer World". The third story, "Horsie" was written by Dorothy Parker, was purchased in June. In the end, these were the only stories used, with Miller adapting them into a script.

Lubin signed to make the film in February 1950. Unlike many anthology series, one person, Lubin, directed every episode.

Most of the 36 cast were relative unknowns to film, although some had theatre experience. Darren McGavin, then best known for appearing on stage in "Death of a Salesman" was cast in September. Stillman reportedly wanted Mickey Rooney's son Mickey Rooney Jr to play a role in "This Gossamer World" but Mickey refused. Adam Williams was discovered by Stillman working behind a soda counter.

Filming started September 1950.

A slightly different version of the film was made for release in France, where the quiz show was formatted differently.

The film had its world premiere in Waycross Georgia because it sent in the most requests to have a premiere, per ratio.
The "Los Angeles Times" praised the "exceptionally capable" younger actors.

"Diabolique" magazine said the third segment "was based on a story by Dorothy Parker, whose satirical point about beauty is muted in this adaptation – perhaps Lubin was too “nice” a director to do it justice. The other stories are warmly done... but put together they don’t t quite work as a movie – maybe it would’ve been better had Lubin been restricted to a 65 minute running time like in the old days."

The film was released in some markets as "Horsie".

Stillman was meant to follow it with an adaptation of "Island in the Sky" written by Miller.



</doc>
<doc id="44155744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44155744" title="Fort Defiance (film)">
Fort Defiance (film)

Fort Defiance is a 1951 American Western film directed by John Rawlins and written by Louis Lantz. The film stars Dane Clark, Ben Johnson, Peter Graves, Tracey Roberts, George Cleveland and Ralph Sanford. The film was released on October 9, 1951, by United Artists.

Ben Shelby rides up to a cattle ranch outside Fort Defiance, Arizona, looking for Johnny Tallon. He meets Johnny's brother, Ned, who informs him that according to a letter Johnny had written just after the end of the Civil War, he should be home soon. As they are talking, the horse Ned has been trying to saddle rears up; he falls and Ben saves him from being trampled. When he asks Ned why he did not get out of the way, Ned reveals that he is blind.

When Ned's uncle Charlie rides up, Ned introduces Ben as a friend of Johnny's. Charlie is grateful that Ned was unhurt by the horse, but is fairly intent on Ben leaving quickly. After Ben helps run off two army veterans who show up trying to cheat Charlie and Ned out of a fair price for some cattle, Ben suggests he could stay to wait for Johnny and help the two men run the ranch. Out of Ned's earshot, Charlie tells Ben he would appreciate him not telling Ned the truth about Johnny. Ben says he has no intention of talking about Johnny Tallon. 

Weeks pass and Johnny does not show up; Ben and Ned become better acquainted and Charlie is pleased with Ben's work. One day, Ned tells Ben about his ideas for the future, after Johnny returns, which include Ben becoming a partner or building his own house on property nearby. Ben is dismissive of these plans and this angers Ned, who says that, though he cannot see, he knows that something is "eatin'" Ben and he would like to know what it is. Charlie interrupts this conversation, having returned from Fort Defiance, with news that Johnny has been shot dead while robbing a bank. Charlie then admits to Ned that he kept the truth about his brother from him, that since the end of the war he has been a gun-slinger and a robber. Now Ned understands that Ben came to kill Johnny and demands to know why. Ben reveals that he is the only survivor from his company of Arizona Volunteers which was wiped out at the Battle of Tennessee Ridge, three weeks before the war ended, due to a treasonous act by Johnny Tallon. Ben's own brother was also killed in this battle. 

Later, in a saloon in the town of Fort Defiance, Ben begins writing a letter to his wife, Jane, to let her know he is finally coming home. As he considers his future, however, he decides to buy 250 head of cattle and throw in with Ned and Charlie after all. He writes to Jane asking her to catch the next stage to Fort Defiance. The three set up a Christmas tree in anticipation of her arrival and look forward to their prosperous future together. Then, Dave Parker, owner of the saloon and the biggest ranch in the area, rides up with a group of men. Ben had left behind in the saloon a half-written letter to his wife, in which he had mentioned Johnny and the Tennessee Ridge disaster; this letter has been brought to Parker's attention. He lost two brothers in that battle and now is ruthless in aiming to even things up a little by killing Ned Tallon. A gunfight ensues and, while Charlie tries to hold the men off, Ben and Ned ride away. Charlie is killed. A pursuit sees Ned and Ben ride into Navajo Canyon, where there is extreme danger because the government is about to move the Indians to a reservation. Parker calls off the chase, content to wait, and sends three men back to bury Charlie. 

While Parker's men are engaged in that task, a man who is shortly revealed to be Johnny Tallon, accompanied by a pal, Hankey, comes along. He extracts information from them concerning both Ned's whereabouts and how their uncle was killed. Johnny kills two of the men and tells the third one to inform Parker that Johnny Tallon is alive. Johnny and Hankey begin trailing Ned and Ben. During a break in their ride across the canyon, Ned tells Ben how Johnny had received a huge scar on his hand, fighting Parker's sons when they came after Ned in the saloon, beating him so badly he lost his sight. Ned hears horses approaching, when Ben goes out to see who it is, he finds out it is Johnny. They have a fistfight which is stopped only when Hankey notices Indians some distance away. At first, Ned is unaware that his brother is there but, as the Indians move in to attack, he and Johnny struggle to silence a horse and Ned feels the scar. He demands to know if the story about Tennessee Ridge is true. After the Indians are dispatched, a fight during which Hankey is killed, Johnny explains that he had known the war was about to end and simply decided he was not going to die at that point for no reason. Johnny has money, from a robbery, to take Ned to San Francisco for eye surgery; Ned refuses to use ill-gotten money. 

As the three make their way through the canyon, the tension between Ben and Johnny remains. They spot a stagecoach being chased by Indians and move in to help fight them off. Ben discovers that Jane may have been one of the passengers who decided not to risk the trip due to the Indian issue. On board is Julie, a dance hall girl, whom Ned begins to fall for. The next morning, the Indians attack again. The group holds their own; the cavalry arrives and begins the movement of the Indians to the reservation. Ned still refuses to accompany his brother to San Francisco, but Johnny forces him onto the stagecoach, knocks Ben out and leaves the driver with him. Julie goes along. Inside the stagecoach office in Fort Defiance, Ned draws a gun on Johnny and begs him to not make him go. Seeing Ned's genuine desire to stay with Ben and Julie, he goes to the saloon where he tells Parker's man that Parker "as of this minute" has bought the Tallon ranch. Johnny demands a bill of sale and all the money in the saloon's cash register and safe. Parker's man argues and Johnny shoots him down. The bartender supplies Johnny with the money and bill of sale, which Johnny gives to Ben - who has recovered and made his way to Fort Defiance - so he and Ned can start their ranch partnership. 

Parker arrives and demands both Ned and Johnny come out. Johnny goes out, guns blazing and takes down all of Parker's men before being shot dead by Parker. Ben then kills Parker. A stagecoach arrives and Jane is on board. The four can now begin their new life. 



</doc>
<doc id="44156111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44156111" title="One Big Affair">
One Big Affair

One Big Affair is a 1952 American comedy film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Leo Townsend and Francis Swann. The film stars Evelyn Keyes, Dennis O'Keefe, Mary Anderson, Connie Gilchrist, Thurston Hall and Gus Schilling. The film was released on February 22, 1952, by United Artists.

A teacher from Pomona, California and two friends are vacationing in Mexico. By lingering too long in a Mexico City gift shop, Jean Harper accidentally gets left behind.

Jimmy Donovan, a lawyer from the U.S., is on his way to Acapulco to handle the divorce of a wealthy woman, her fifth. He decides to ride a bicycle from Mexico City and ends up encountering Jean, whose friends and tour guide fear she's a kidnap victim.

Jean tags along on the bike, hearing the kidnap report on the radio but not telling Jimmy about it. When police confront him, Jimmy and Jean pretend to be newlyweds and take the bridal suite when the cops keep observing them. An orphan boy, Juanito, befriends them and wants to be adopted. He eventually gets his wish when Jimmy and Jean straighten things out.



</doc>
<doc id="44156757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44156757" title="Saving Christmas">
Saving Christmas

Saving Christmas (also known as Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas) is a 2014 American faith-based Christmas comedy film directed by Darren Doane and written by Doane and Cheston Hervey. It was theatrically released by Samuel Goldwyn Films on November 14, 2014.

It stars Kirk Cameron as a fictionalized version of himself. In "Saving Christmas", Cameron, after explaining his views on Christmas directly to the audience, tries to convince his fictional brother-in-law, played by the film's director, that Christmas is still a Christian holiday. The film combines a comedic narrative with educational elements, in order to "put Christ back in Christmas"; it says that most of Christmas' popular elements are biblical in origin, while criticizing the modern-day view of the holiday, especially from atheists. During the story, the film depicts some of the biblical events mentioned by Cameron, while he provides narration for the audience.

The film received a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It was nominated in six categories for the 35th Golden Raspberry Awards and "won" four, including Worst Picture. It also became the lowest-rated film on the IMDb Bottom 100 List within one month of its theatrical release, and is now considered one of the worst films of all time. Cameron blamed atheists for the film's poor reception.

In a framing sequence, Cameron—as himself—addresses the audience from beside a fireplace, explaining his love of Christmas. Cameron goes on to express his views on the contemporary celebration of Christmas, which include his beliefs that atheists have tried to "take the holiday away" and that Santa Claus is a Christian. Cameron also criticizes fundamentalist Christians who have politicized the holiday by tying the celebration to Pagan traditions and making accusations that the holiday has become too tied to materialism.

The film switches to its main narrative, in which Cameron attends a Christmas party at his sister's house. There, he notices that his brother-in-law, Christian, is not celebrating like the other guests. When asked why, Christian tells Cameron that he feels the holiday became too commercialized and consumerist, and that he feels uncomfortable with what he believes are Pagan elements of contemporary Christmas celebration. Cameron tells Christian that he is wrong and recites the story of the Nativity, which is depicted in cartoon form. Meanwhile, two guests at the party discuss conspiracy theories.

Christian complains that several elements of Christmas, most notably Christmas trees, are not biblical in origin. Cameron tells him that Christmas trees were God's idea, since God created trees. He also says that each tree represents a Christian cross; breaking the fourth wall, Cameron encourages the audience to visualize a cross every time they see a Christmas tree. Cameron further addresses several other concerns Christian has about the historicity of the holiday, including its date and the role of the Three Wise Men. Cameron ties the Nativity directly to the crucifixion, saying that baby Jesus' swaddling cloth was a foreshadowing of his burial shroud, and claims that the gifts of frankincense and myrrh were used to treat dead bodies in a form of primitive embalming. Cameron encourages Christian and the audience to place nutcracker dolls around Nativity sets to represent Herod's soldiers during the Massacre of the Innocents.

Christian is convinced by the arguments, but then complains that Santa has co-opted Jesus as the figurehead of the holiday; he further expresses discomfort over the fact that "Santa" is an anagram of "Satan". Cameron tells Christian the story of Saint Nicholas, including a reenactment of the First Council of Nicaea in which Nicholas violently beats Arius for heresy. Cameron claims that, after the council, Nicholas went out and began beating heretics for teaching false doctrine, and that "Nicholas was 'bad', in a good way". Cameron explains that St. Nicholas was the basis for Santa Claus, who was a byproduct of Nicholas' story being diluted by secular culture. With this knowledge, Christian joyously declares that "Santa is the man".

Reassured of Christmas' Christian roots, Cameron and Christian return to the party. Cameron criticizes people who feel that the holiday is too commercial, saying that because God took on material form, it is appropriate to celebrate using material things through the giving of expensive gifts. Cameron explains that presents represent Jerusalem, and that Christmas is "doing what God does", as God has given humanity many gifts. Cameron then issues a plea to the audience to make Christmas an overtly religious holiday again, "for our children". Christian, as a gift to his wife, organizes a hip hop dance to symbolize his love of Christmas, set to "Angels We Have Heard on High". Cameron, Christian, and all the party guests breakdance in an extended musical sequence. Cameron then tells everyone to feast, and suggests the audience organize the best dinner possible for Christmas, but not to forget it is a celebration of God.


"Saving Christmas" debuted on 410 screens on November 14, 2014.

On its first weekend, the film came in fifteenth place with ticket sales of $992,087, with a per screen average of $2,420. In its six-week run, the film grossed $2,783,970 at the box office. Based on a $500,000 budget, the film can be considered a box office success.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a rating of 0%, based on 16 reviews, with an average rating of 1.71/10. On Metacritic, the film received a rating of 18 out of 100, based on 9 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike". "New York Times" film critic Ben Kenigsberg said that Cameron's acting "sounds so forced you half-expect the camera to pull back to reveal hostage takers". "Billings Gazette" named it the worst Christmas movie of all time in 2016, and Will Nicol of "Digital Trends" included it on his list of the ten worst movies ever made. Christy Lemire picked "Saving Christmas" as the worst film she has ever reviewed.

In "The Christian Post", an Evangelical Christian newspaper, Emma Koonse wrote, "[Kirk Cameron] dismisses theories that Christmas is derived in ["sic"] the pagan celebration of Winter Solstice in "Saving Christmas", offering viewers a Biblical reference to items such as the Christmas tree instead. Furthermore, the film reveals Cameron's take on Santa Claus, the three wise men, and why Christmas is celebrated on Dec. 25 each year... Although Cameron attempts to defend Christmas traditions in "Saving Christmas", many Christians remain divided over what the Bible says about celebrating Christ's birth as well as where the varied Christmas traditions originated and what the customs mean in reference to Jesus."

On November 20, 2014 Cameron responded to the negative reviews by posting on his Facebook page. He wrote, "Help me storm the gates of Rotten Tomatoes. All of you who love "Saving Christmas" – go rate it at Rotten Tomatoes right now and send the message to all the critics that WE decide what movies we want our families to see." The attempt resulted in a severe backlash in which Internet users traveled to the Rotten Tomatoes page and condemned the film.

Three weeks after the film's release, the film gained additional notoriety when it became the lowest-rated film on IMDb's bottom 100 list. Cameron later responded to the low rating, saying that it was due to a campaign on Reddit by "haters and atheists" to purposely lower the film's ratings.

"Saving Christmas" was released on DVD on November 3, 2015. The film was also made available on Hulu in March 2016.

A soundtrack album was released on October 27, 2014 by Reunion Records.


</doc>
<doc id="44157569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44157569" title="Northern Soul (film)">
Northern Soul (film)

Northern Soul is a 2014 British historical film directed by Elaine Constantine. It tells the story of two young Lancashire teenagers, Matt and John, whose lives are changed forever by the discovery of American soul music and the dance culture that grew up around it in Britain. The film was selected to be shown in the City to City section of the 2015 Toronto Film Festival.

Set in Lancashire in 1974, the film follows Matt and John as they leave behind a humdrum life of youth clubs and factory lines to chase a dream of travelling to the US, unearthing unknown soul 45s and establishing themselves as top DJ's on the Northern soul music scene. Their dance and amphetamine fuelled quest brings them into contact with some of the darker elements of the scene and tests their friendship to its limits.


The film was a 15-year labour of love for writer/director Elaine Constantine. Turned down by all the major funding bodies, key festivals and institutional production partners in the UK, the film was eventually funded through a mix of private investors and Constantine's substantial personal investment. The film was eventually picked up for distribution by Universal Pictures who sub-licensed the theatrical release to Munro Film Services. Despite only being given a three-day theatrical window and a limited marketing campaign, the film went on to become the widest short-window release to date in the UK according to its producers. Initially expected to open on six to fourteen screens nationally, the film opened on 89 screens on its opening night and 120 screens across its opening weekend. With 97/98 % seat occupancy across 235 individual screenings these were enough to propel the film into the box office top 10 for its opening weekend.

The soundtrack from the film reached no. 7 in the UK Compilation Chart. On 2 December the movie was released on Netflix in the United States.

The film has had a warm reception with the public and critics alike. On publication of early projections for the number of independent screens due to take the film, social media groups sprang up campaigning for the film to come to their local cinema. This grass roots pressure on local indie screens, which included 23 Ourscreen bookings; the committed efforts of Munro Film Services and a growing media interest in the film's progress saw distribution snowball to the levels above. The film went on to screen in nearly 300 separate cinemas and other venues in the UK.

According to Rotten Tomatoes, 83 % of the critics gave the film a positive review. Mark Kermode of "The Guardian" was one of several critics who gave the film four stars, saying, "Constantine catches the energy of the dancehall with aplomb, transporting her audiences from the empty floors of dour neighbourhood youth clubs to the throng of the Wigan Casino with urgent ease. Steve Coogan and Ricky Tomlinson add sly cameo support. Definitely worth a spin".


"Northern Soul" won the NME Best Film Award 2015 on 18 February 2015. The award was voted for by the general public, confirming the popularity of the film. The film was up against "Boyhood", "Frank", "Get On Up", "God Help The Girl", and "The Inbetweeners 2".



</doc>
<doc id="44158087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44158087" title="Confidence Girl">
Confidence Girl

Confidence Girl is a 1952 American crime film written and directed by Andrew L. Stone. The film stars Tom Conway, Hillary Brooke, Eddie Marr, John Gallaudet, Jack Kruschen, Dan Riss and Walter Kingsford. The film was released on June 20, 1952, by United Artists.

A con man, Roger Kingsley, convinces the Los Angeles police that, acting as an insurance company's investigator, he can help them apprehend a notorious swindler, a woman named Mary Webb.

Kingsley sets a trap at a department store and nabs Webb as she steals a mink coat. But while the store detective is contacting police, Webb, who is actually Kingsley's girlfriend, is permitted to escape. Kingsley, meantime, has now gained the trust of the L.A. cops.

In a second scam, Webb and Kingsley bilk a pawnshop owner out of several thousand dollars. She then prepares for their biggest con yet, a stage act at Johnny Gregg's nightclub in which Webb will pose as a clairvoyant. Her psychic powers amaze Gregg's customers, but it's all an elaborate ruse.

The suspicious cops set a trap. A dentist named Braddock is implicated in a murder, but while trying to save the life of what she believes to be an innocent man, Webb is tricked into confessing her scam in front of the club's entire audience. She and Kingsley are carted off to jail.


</doc>
<doc id="44158751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44158751" title="Set Fire to the Stars">
Set Fire to the Stars

Set Fire to the Stars is a 2014 Welsh semi-biographical drama film directed by Andy Goddard in his directorial debut. Co-written by Goddard and Celyn Jones, the film stars Elijah Wood as poet John M. Brinnin and Jones as Dylan Thomas with supporting roles by Kelly Reilly, Steven Mackintosh, Shirley Henderson, and Kevin Eldon. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 7 November 2014.

In 1950 New York, Harvard graduate and aspiring poet John M. Brinnin (Elijah Wood) embarks on a week-long retreat to save his hero, acclaimed Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (Celyn Jones).


"Set Fire to the Stars" premiered at the 2014 Edinburgh Film Festival.

The film received mixed reviews from critics. It currently holds a 58% rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes based on 43 reviews. The consensus states: ""Set Fire to the Stars" doesn't quite do justice to its legendary real-life protagonist, but thanks to Celyn Jones' spirited performance, it occasionally comes close." On Metacritic, the film has a 49 out of 100 rating based on 14 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".



</doc>
<doc id="44159559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44159559" title="Monsoon (1952 film)">
Monsoon (1952 film)

Monsoon is a 1952 American drama film directed by Rod Amateau and written by Leo Townsend and Forrest Judd, David Robinson and Leonardo Bercovici. The film stars Ursula Thiess, Diana Douglas, George Nader, Ellen Corby, Philip Stainton, Myron Healey and Eric Pohlmann. The film was released on December 14, 1952, by United Artists.

A young woman named Julia brings her fiance and his mother to a village in India to meet her father and brother. Hospitality proves in short supply and things take a turn for the worse when Julia's seductive younger sister arrives.



</doc>
<doc id="44161867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=44161867" title="Daddy's Home (film)">
Daddy's Home (film)

Daddy's Home is a 2015 American comedy film directed by Sean Anders and written by Anders, Brian Burns, and John Morris. The film is about a mild-mannered stepfather (Will Ferrell) who vies for the attention of his wife's (Linda Cardellini) children when their biological father (Mark Wahlberg) returns.

The second collaboration between Ferrell and Wahlberg following the 2010 film "The Other Guys", principal photography began on November 17, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana. The film was released on December 25, 2015, by Paramount Pictures and grossed $242 million worldwide, becoming Ferrell's highest-grossing live-action film. A sequel, "Daddy's Home 2", was released on November 10, 2017.

Mild-mannered radio executive Brad Whitaker struggles to be a good stepfather to his wife Sara's two children, Megan and Dylan, and is seemingly sterile after an accident to his testicles some years ago. The children begin to grow closer to Brad, with Dylan confiding in him that he is being picked on at school and Megan asking him to take her to a father/daughter dance at her school. One night, Dusty Mayron, Sara's ex-husband and the kids' biological father, calls and discovers Sara's marriage with Brad. He suddenly announces he will be visiting the next day. Sara hesitates to let her ex-husband into their home, but Brad convinces her that it is important for the kids that their father and stepfather establish a respectful relationship.

When Dusty arrives, Brad is immediately intimidated by his tough and muscular appearance and his charm with Megan and Dylan. Dusty repeatedly talks Brad into letting him stay, despite Sara warning about Dusty's true nature. Brad soon wises up when it becomes clear that Dusty intends to drive Brad out of his kids' lives and reconcile with Sara. After Dusty shows Brad up again and again - getting the kids a dog, finishing a treehouse that Brad wanted to build with Dylan, making Brad appear to be racist - Dusty tries to drive a wedge between Brad and Sara by taking them to a fertility doctor, hoping that Brad's inability to give Sara a baby will send her into Dusty's arms. Still, the two men appear to reach an understanding after working together to teach Dylan how to defend himself. Additionally, Brad and Sara are overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm count has increased significantly (implied to be a result of Dusty "invading his territory"), giving them hope of having a child together.

However, Brad is stunned when Dusty reveals that he still intends to drive Brad out of the family. Desperate, Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars on early Christmas gifts, including a pony and $18,000 basketball tickets. At the game, Dusty once again shows Brad up by revealing himself to be friends with the coach of Dylan's favorite team, and an enraged Brad begins drinking heavily. During half-time, Brad is chosen to try to shoot a basketball to win a prize. Drunk, Brad goes on a rant about Dusty before accidentally pelting a cheerleader and a disabled child in a wheelchair in the face with basketballs. Humiliated, Brad moves out of the house; however, when Dusty tries to comfort Sara, she rejects him, and forces him to step up as a dad to help his kids with their busy schedules.

Four days later, Brad is living in his office at work, depressed. Dusty, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by the responsibilities of being a full-time father. When Dusty decides to call it quits and leave on the day of Megan's father-daughter dance, his friend Griff goes to Brad and convinces him to fight for his family. Brad catches Dusty at a bar and tries to get him to come back. Dusty admits that he cannot handle the hard parts about being a father, and admires Brad for putting up with all the things that he has to go through. Brad says that all of the terrible parts about being a dad are worth it, because in the end he is doing it for his kids. This convinces Dusty to go to the dance, and he and Brad arrive together. There, they discover that the classmate who was picking on Dylan at school is a girl named Serendipity, and almost get into a fight with her father when Dylan physically retaliates. However, Dusty finally decides to follow Brad's lead on being a father, and instead quells the fight by starting a dance-off. Brad and Sara reconcile, and Dusty decides to stay and be a good "co-dad" to his kids.

Later, the whole family is happy; Brad and Sara have a new baby boy named after Griff, and Megan and Dylan have finally accepted Brad as their stepfather. Dusty, who now has a job as a Panda DJ and becomes wealthy through his work, has moved in across the street after building a castle there, and he and Brad are now friends. Dusty eventually remarries, to a woman named Karen who has a daughter Adrianna, thus Dusty becomes a stepfather himself. Sara is immediately intimidated by Karen after meeting her; she feels that Karen's looks surpass hers and she is jealous of the latter's professions as a doctor and a novelist. In an ironic twist of fate, Dusty is now in exactly the same position that he put Brad in a year ago – visibly intimidated by his stepdaughter's more muscular father, Roger (John Cena).

On November 5, 2014, it was confirmed that Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg would play the lead roles in the film. On November 12, Linda Cardellini joined the cast of the film, to play Ferrell's character's wife. On November 18, Hannibal Buress joined the film to play a sarcastic handyman. On January 28, 2015, Paul Scheer was added to the cast of the film, playing The Whip, a crazy DJ.

Principal photography began on November 17, 2014, in New Orleans, Louisiana. On November 24 and 25, filming took place at Edward Hynes Charter School. On January 12, 2015, actors were spotted filming in the Lakeview area. On January 21, 2015, a scene was shot during a New Orleans Pelicans and Los Angeles Lakers game where Ferrell smashed a cheerleader (played by stuntwoman/wrestler Taryn Terrell) in the face with a basketball. Filming was scheduled to wrap on February 3, 2015, but lasted through February 6.

The film premiered in the UK on December 9, 2015 and was theatrically released in the UK on Boxing Day, December 26, 2015 by Paramount Pictures.

"Daddy's Home" was released digitally on March 8, 2016, before being released on Blu-ray and DVD on March 22, 2016.

"Daddy's Home" grossed $150.4 million in North America and $92.4 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $242.8 million, against a budget of $69 million. It is Ferrell's highest-grossing live-action film, surpassing "Elf" ($220.4 million).

In the United States and Canada, the film opened on December 25, 2015 alongside "Point Break", "Joy", "Concussion", and the wide release of "The Big Short". In its opening weekend the film was projected to gross $20–25 million from 3,271 theaters. However, after grossing $1.2 million from its early Thursday showings and $15.7m on its opening day, weekend projections were increased to $43–46 million. The film ended up grossing $38.7 million in its opening weekend, finishing second at the box office behind "" ($149.2 million). It was the second biggest non-animated opening of Ferrell's career, behind "" ($47 million).

On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 31% based on 119 reviews and an average rating of 4.9/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg have proven comedic chemistry, but "Daddy's Home" suffers from a dearth of genuinely funny ideas – and lacks enough guts or imagination to explore the satirical possibilities of its premise." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 42 out of 100, based on 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.

Will Ferrell was nominated for a Teen Choice Award in the category Choice Movie Actor in a Comedy.

In April 2016, a sequel was announced with Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg reprising their characters. Anders and John Morris wrote the script and Anders directed. In January 2017, Paramount Pictures courted Mel Gibson and John Lithgow to star in the sequel. The two were later confirmed to star in the film. Linda Cardellini, Owen Vaccaro and Scarlett Estevez also reprise their roles. John Cena will also be reprising his role as Roger. It was released on November 10, 2017.

In an interview, Mark Wahlberg mentioned that they would like to get Liam Neeson for the third installment of the film.



</doc>
