<doc id="567403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=567403" title="James Chance">
James Chance

James Chance, also known as James White (born April 20, 1953 as James Siegfried in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States), is an American saxophonist, keyboard player, songwriter and singer.

A key figure in No Wave, Chance has been playing a combination of improvisational jazz-like music and punk in the New York music scene since the late 1970s, in such bands as Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, James Chance and the Contortions, James White and the Blacks (as he appeared in the film "Downtown 81"), The Flaming Demonics, James Chance & the Sardonic Symphonics, James Chance and Terminal City, and James Chance and Les Contortions.

Born and raised in Milwaukee and Brookfield, Wisconsin, Chance attended Michigan State University, then the Wisconsin Conservatory of Music in Milwaukee. There, Chance joined a band named Death, which performed covers of the Stooges and the Velvet Underground before moving toward original songs. At the end of 1975, Chance dropped out and moved to New York City after the dissolution of the band and the death of its singer. He quickly became active in both the free jazz and no wave punk rock scenes. His first band in New York in 1976 was an instrumental quartet with violin, drums and bass called Flaming Youth. After studying for a short time under David Murray, Chance formed The Contortions, who fused jazz improvisation and funky rhythms, with live shows often ending in violence when Chance would confront audience members. The Contortions reached a wider audience with their contribution to the Brian Eno-compiled "No New York" collection of No Wave acts.

While Chance was professionally and romantically linked with No Wave musical luminary Lydia Lunch, the duo created seminal No Wave group Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, whom Chance soon left.
Chance was noted for engaging in physical confrontations, from forcing the audience out of their seats and getting in fist fights with his New York City audience, including rock critic Robert Christgau. At first, this was just an attempt to engage the passive New York audience, but this practice is reported to have somewhat diminished after audiences came to expect the physical confrontations.

In 1979, Chance collaborated with Arto Lindsay, Bradley Field, and George Scott on the soundtrack to Diego Cortez's film "Grutzi Elvis".

Chance's stage and musical persona were finalized by romantic partner and agent Anya Phillips, who died of cancer in 1981. Frictions between Chance and band members eventually led to a breakup of the Contortions in the fall of 1979. The Contortions released one album, "Buy" in late 1979, and another album, "Off White", under the pseudonym James White and the Blacks in 1980 (featuring Lydia Lunch under the pseudonym Stella Rico). Chance re-formed James White and the Blacks with a completely different lineup that appeared on the 1982 album "Sax Maniac" which was dedicated to Phillips. The group released one more album, "Melt Yourself Down", a very limited Japanese release.

The first version of the Blacks was set up by Joseph Bowie. Shortly after, Defunkt emerged from the Blacks. In 1982 Chance toured with the re-formed James White and the Blacks with his brother David "Tremor" Siegfried and his band David and the Happenings from Carbondale, Illinois, playing Chicago, their hometown Milwaukee, and much of the Midwest.

Chance briefly relocated to Paris, returning to New York City in 1983 to record the album "James White Presents The Flaming Demonics".

In 1987, he contributed saxophone to The False Prophets' "Implosion" album.

In 2001, Chance reunited with original Contortions members Jody Harris (guitar), Pat Place (slide guitar) and Don Christensen (drums) for a few limited engagements. Original keyboard player Adele Bertei appeared briefly, but bass player George Scott III had died of an accidental drug overdose in 1980 and his slot was filled by Eric Sanko. The reunited group has played twice at the All Tomorrow's Parties music festival, and, in 2008, at the PS1 Warm Up series. Chance has also recorded with Blondie since coming out of his semi-retirement. Tiger Style records released the 4-CD box set retrospective "Irresistible Impulse" to critical acclaim in 2003. A live-DVD "James Chance - Chance of a Lifetime: Live in Chicago 2003" was released in 2005.

In addition to limited engagements with the original Contortions, Chance has occasionally performed and recorded with the Chicago band Watchers. In Europe, he performs with James Chance & Les Contortions, French musicians who have been his backing band since 2006. They played a 15 show Europe tour in April and May 2007 and were back in Europe in October 2007. In May 2012 they released the CD "Incorrigible!" on the French label LADTK, comprising seven Chance originals and two covers, all of them brand new recordings.

In 2009 Chance made occasional appearances playing keyboards in NYC with a trio, with the material restricted to close readings of jazz standards. In June 2012, Chance played in Portland, OR with local group Ancient Heat as his backing band. They played a number of songs from various points in his career, including a new cover of Gil Scott-Heron's "Home is Where The Hatred Is."

In 2016, 19-year-old Dylan Greenberg directed James Chance in the music video for a re-recorded version of Melt Yourself Down, his first music video in nearly 20 years. The video premiered on MOJO.







</doc>
<doc id="569060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=569060" title="Percy Heath">
Percy Heath

Percy Heath (April 30, 1923 – April 28, 2005) was an American jazz bassist, brother of saxophonist Jimmy Heath and drummer Albert Heath, with whom he formed the Heath Brothers in 1975. Heath played with the Modern Jazz Quartet throughout their long history and also worked with Miles Davis, Dizzy Gillespie, Charlie Parker, Wes Montgomery, and Thelonious Monk.

Heath was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, and spent his childhood in Philadelphia. His father played the clarinet and his mother sang in the church choir. He started playing violin at the age of eight and also sang locally. He was drafted into the Army in 1944, becoming a member of the Tuskegee Airmen, but saw no combat.

Deciding after the war to go into music, he bought a stand-up bass and enrolled in the Granoff School of Music in Philadelphia. Soon he was playing in the city's jazz clubs with leading artists. In Chicago in 1948, he recorded with his brother on a Milt Jackson album as members of the Howard McGhee Sextet. After moving to New York in the late 1940s, Percy and Jimmy Heath found work with Dizzy Gillespie's groups. Around this time, he was also a member of Joe Morris's band, together with Johnny Griffin.

It transpired that other members of the Gillespie big band, pianist John Lewis, drummer Kenny Clarke, Milt Jackson, and bassist Ray Brown, decided to form a permanent group; they were already becoming known for their interludes during Gillespie band performances that, as AllMusic.com says, gave the rest of the band much-needed set breaks---that would eventually become known as the Modern Jazz Quartet (MJQ). When Brown left the group to join his wife Ella Fitzgerald's band, Heath joined and the group was officially begun in 1952, with Connie Kay replacing Clarke soon afterward. The MJQ played regularly until it disbanded in 1974; it reformed in 1981 and last recorded in 1993.

In 1975, Percy Heath and his brothers formed the Heath Brothers with pianist Stanley Cowell. He would sometimes play the cello instead of the bass in these later performances.

As a sideman, Percy performed on approximately 300 recording dates in a career of over 57 years.

In 1989, he received an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music.

In 2003, at the age of 80, Heath released his first album as bandleader through the Daddy Jazz label. The album, entitled "A Love Song", garnered rave reviews and served as a fitting coda for his illustrious career. It featured brother Albert Heath on drums, bassist Peter Washington and pianist Jeb Patton.

Percy Heath died, after a second bout with bone cancer, two days short of his 82nd birthday, in Southampton, New York.

Heath was an avid striped bass fisherman, and surfcaster, who could be found on many a day, along the surf line of his beloved Montauk Point. He was well respected by the community, and his fellow fishermen. On May 27, 2006, a plaque was set into a 5000lb stone, at Turtle Cove, at Montauk Point, as a memorial. The ceremony was attended by his wife June, and three sons.



With Cannonball Adderley
With Nat Adderley
With Paul Bley
With Clifford Brown
With Ruth Brown 
With Kenny Clarke
With Miles Davis
With Paul Desmond
With Art Farmer
With Stan Getz
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Benny Golson
With Urbie Green
With Albert Heath
With Jimmy Heath
With Elmo Hope
With Milt Jackson
With J. J. Johnson
With Duke Jordan
With John Lewis
With Howard McGhee
With Wes Montgomery
With Sonny Rollins
With Michel Sardaby 
With Zoot Sims
With Kai Winding



</doc>
<doc id="576628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=576628" title="Cy Coleman">
Cy Coleman

Cy Coleman (born Seymour Kaufman; June 14, 1929 – November 18, 2004) was an American composer, songwriter, and jazz pianist.

Coleman was born Seymour Kaufman in New York, United States to Eastern European Jewish parents, and was raised in the Bronx. His mother, Ida (née Prizent) was an apartment landlady and his father was a brickmason. He was a child prodigy who gave piano recitals at venues such as Steinway Hall, the Town Hall, and Carnegie Hall between the ages of six and nine. Before beginning his fabled Broadway career, he led the Cy Coleman Trio, which made many recordings and was a much-in-demand club attraction.

Despite the early classical and jazz success, Coleman decided to build a career in popular music. His first collaborator was Joseph Allen McCarthy, but his most successful early partnership, albeit a turbulent one, was with Carolyn Leigh. The pair wrote many pop hits, including "Witchcraft" and "The Best Is Yet to Come". One of his instrumentals, "Playboy's Theme," became the signature music of the regular syndicated late night TV show "Playboy After Dark" in the 1960s. This included specials presented by the editor/publisher Hugh M. Hefner of "Playboy" magazine, and remains synonymous with the Chicago magazine and its creator, Hefner.

Coleman's career as a Broadway composer began when he and Leigh collaborated on "Wildcat" (1960), which marked the Broadway debut of movie/television comedienne Lucille Ball. The score included the hit tune "Hey, Look Me Over". When Ball became ill, she left the show, and it closed. Next for the two was "Little Me", with a book by Neil Simon based on the novel of the same name by Patrick Dennis. The show introduced "Real Live Girl" and "I've Got Your Number," which became popular standards.

In 1964, Coleman met Dorothy Fields at a party, and when he asked if she would like to collaborate with him, she is reported to have answered, "Thank God somebody asked." Fields was revitalized by working with the much younger Coleman, and by the contemporary nature of their first project, which was "Sweet Charity", again with a book by Simon, starring Gwen Verdon, and introducing the songs "If My Friends Could See Me Now", "I'm a Brass Band" and "Big Spender". The show was a major success and Coleman found working with Fields much easier than with Leigh. The partnership was to work on two more shows – an aborted project about Eleanor Roosevelt, and "Seesaw" which reached Broadway in 1973 after a troubled out-of-town tour. Despite mixed reviews, the show enjoyed a healthy run. The partnership was cut short by Fields' death in 1974.

Coleman remained prolific in the late 1970s. He collaborated on "I Love My Wife" (1977) with Michael Stewart, "On The Twentieth Century" (1978) with Betty Comden and Adolph Green, and "Home Again, Home Again" with Barbara Fried, although the latter never reached Broadway. Also in 1970, he produced the single "Lying Here" (Mercury 73150). for the Rock Opera "Sensations", and took a full page (back cover) advert in "Billboard" magazine to promote his upcoming star vocalist Steve Leeds.
In 1980, Coleman served as producer and composer for the circus-themed "Barnum", which co-starred Jim Dale and Glenn Close. Later in the decade, he collaborated on "Welcome to the Club" (1988) with A. E. Hotchner, and "City of Angels" (1989) with David Zippel. In the latter, inspired by the hard-boiled detective film noir of the 1930s and 1940s, he returned to his jazz roots, and the show was a huge critical and commercial success. The 1990s brought more new Coleman musicals to Broadway: "The Will Rogers Follies" (1991), again with Comden and Green, "The Life" (1997), a gritty look at pimps, prostitutes, and assorted other lowlife in the big city, with Ira Gasman, and a revised production of "Little Me".

Coleman's film scores include "Father Goose", "The Art of Love", "Garbo Talks", "Power", and "Family Business". In addition, he wrote memorable television specials for Shirley MacLaine, "If My Friends Could See Me Now" and "Gypsy in My Soul". Coleman has been the only composer to win consecutive Tony awards for Best Score at the same time that the corresponding musicals won for Best Musical: "City of Angels" and "Will Rogers' Follies". (Although Stephen Sondheim actually won three consecutive Tony Awards for Best Score for "Company", "Follies", and "A Little Night Music", Follies did not win for Best Musical.) Coleman was on the ASCAP Board of Directors for many years and also served as their Vice Chairman Writer.

One final musical with a Coleman score played in Los Angeles at the Mark Taper Forum between December 2003 and January 2004, under the title "Like Jazz", as a Broadway tryout. Investor Transamerica Capital went forward with plans to mount a Broadway production renamed "In the Pocket". Dirk Decloedt and Maurice Hines were announced as director and choreographer with an anticipated opening in Spring 2006 but it never opened.

Coleman studied at New York's The High School of Music & Art and the New York College of Music, graduating in 1948.

Coleman died of cardiac arrest on November 18, 2004, at New York Hospital; 11:59 pm at the age of 75. He was survived by his wife, Shelby Coleman (née Brown) and their adopted daughter, Lily Cye Coleman (born in 2000). To the very end, he was part of the Broadway scene – he had attended the premiere of Michael Frayn's new play "Democracy" earlier on November 18.


He also won three Emmy Awards and two Grammy Awards, and an Academy Award nomination.

Among his many honors and awards, he was elected to the Songwriter's Hall of Fame (1981), and was the recipient of the Songwriter's Hall of Fame Johnny Mercer Award (1995) and the ASCAP Foundation Richard Rodgers Award for lifetime achievement in American musical theatre. He was elected to the American Theatre Hall of Fame and received an Honorary Doctorate from Hofstra University in 2000.



</doc>
<doc id="578493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=578493" title="Dave Grusin">
Dave Grusin

Robert David Grusin (born June 26, 1934) is an American composer, arranger, producer, and pianist. He has composed many scores for feature films and television, and has won numerous awards for his soundtrack and record work, including an Academy Award and ten Grammy Awards. He has had a prolific recording career as an artist, arranger, producer and executive producer. He is the co-founder of GRP Records.

Grusin was born in Littleton, Colorado to Henri and Rosabelle (de Poyster) Grusin. His mother was a pianist and his father was a violinist from Riga, Latvia. He has one Jewish parent.

He studied music at the University of Colorado at Boulder and was awarded his degree in 1956. His teachers included Cecil Effinger and Wayne Scott, pianist, arranger and professor of jazz.

He produced his first single, "Subways Are for Sleeping", in 1962 and his first film score for "Divorce American Style" (1967). Other scores followed, including "Winning" (1969), "The Friends of Eddie Coyle" (1973), "The Midnight Man" (1974), and "Three Days of the Condor" (1975).

In the late 1970s, he started GRP Records with his business partner, Larry Rosen, and began to create some of the first commercial digital recordings. He was the composer for "The Graduate", "On Golden Pond" (1981), "Tootsie" (1982) and "The Goonies" (1985). In 1988, he won the Oscar for best original score for "The Milagro Beanfield War". He also composed the musical scores for the 1984 TriStar Pictures and the 1993 Columbia Pictures Television logos.

From 1998 to 1999, he was featured on the "Billboard"s Top 10 Jazz Artists with the numbers going between 5 and 7.

From 2000-11, Grusin concentrated on composing classical and jazz compositions, touring and recording with collaborators, including jazz singer and lyricist Lorraine Feather and guitarist Lee Ritenour. Their album "Harlequin" won a Grammy Award in 1985. Their classical crossover albums, "Two Worlds" and "Amparo", were nominated for Grammys.

Grusin has a filmography of about 100 titles. His many awards include an Oscar for best original score for "The Milagro Beanfield War", as well as Oscar nominations for "The Champ", "The Fabulous Baker Boys", "The Firm", "Havana", "Heaven Can Wait", and "On Golden Pond". He also received a Best Original Song nomination for "It Might Be You" from the film "Tootsie". Six of the fourteen cuts on the soundtrack from "The Graduate" are his. Other film scores he has composed include "Where Were You When the Lights Went Out?", "Three Days of the Condor", "The Goonies", "Tequila Sunrise", "Hope Floats", "Random Hearts", "The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter", "Mulholland Falls" and "The Firm". He also composed the original opening fanfare for film studio TriStar Pictures.

Grusin composed theme music for the TV programs "It Takes a Thief" (1968), "The Name of the Game" (1968), "Dan August" (1970), "The Sandy Duncan Show" (1971–72), "Maude" (1972), "Good Times" (1974), "Baretta" (1975), "St. Elsewhere" (1982), and, for Televisa in Mexico, "Tres Generaciones" (1987). He also composed music for individual episodes of each of those shows. His other TV credits include "The Wild Wild West" (1966), "The Girl from U.N.C.L.E." (1966), and "Columbo: Prescription: Murder" (1968). He also did the theme song for "One Life to Live" (1968) from 1984–92. Grusin also wrote the music for the "This is America, Charlie Brown" episode "The Smithsonian and the Presidency", and two of the cues from the episode "History Lesson" and "Breadline Blues" (the latter covered by Kenny G) appear on the tribute album "Happy Anniversary, Charlie Brown". Grusin and Larry Rosen founded GRP Records in 1978. In 1994, GRP was in charge of MCA's jazz operations. Founders Grusin and Rosen left in 1995 and were replaced by Tommy LiPuma. In 1997, Grusin and Rosen founded N2K Encoded Music, which was renamed N-Coded Music.

He received honorary doctorates from Berklee College of Music in 1988 and University of Colorado, College of Music in 1989. Grusin was initiated into the Beta Chi Chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia at the University of Colorado in 1991.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Dave Grusin among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Grusin was married to Sara Jane Tallman from 1967 to 1970.
Grusin is currently married to Nan Newton. He is the father of music editor Stuart Grusin, music editor and musician Scott Grusin, and aerospace engineer Michael Grusin. He is the stepfather of artist Annie Vought and elder brother of keyboardist Don Grusin and sister Dee Grusin.






With Patti Austin

With the Brothers Johnson

With Tom Browne

With Don Grusin

With Quincy Jones

With John Klemmer

With Earl Klugh

With Jon Lucien

With Harvey Mason

With Carmen McRae

With Sergio Mendes

With Lee Ritenour

With Dave Valentin

With Sadao Watanabe

With others




</doc>
<doc id="581660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=581660" title="Edu Lobo">
Edu Lobo

Eduardo de Góes "Edu" Lobo (born August 29, 1943) is a Brazilian singer, guitarist, and composer.
He achieved fame in the 1960s as part of the bossa nova movement.

His compositions include the world-famous "Upa Neguinho" (with Gianfrancesco Guarnieri), "Pra Dizer Adeus" (with Torquato Neto; also known in its English version as "To say goodbye"), "Choro Bandido", "A história de Lily Braun", "Beatriz" (the latter three songs with Chico Buarque), "Arrastão" and "Canto triste" (both with Vinicius de Moraes), and "Ponteio" (with Capinam). Ponteio won best song at the 3rd Festival de Música Popular Brasileira in the recording by Quarteto Novo in 1967.

He has worked with, and his songs have been covered by artists like Toots Thielemans, Marcos Valle, Elis Regina, Sylvia Telles, Sergio Mendes, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Milton Nascimento, Maria Bethânia, Gilberto Gil, Gal Costa, Caetano Veloso, Monica Salmaso, Sarah Vaughan, Earth, Wind & Fire, Caterina Valente and others.

"Dos Navegantes", a collaboration album by him, Romero Lubambo and Mauro Senise, won the 2017 Latin Grammy Award for Best MPB Album.

With Paul Desmond



</doc>
<doc id="584881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=584881" title="Mat Maneri">
Mat Maneri

Mat Maneri (born October 4, 1969) is an American composer, violin, and viola player. He is the son of the saxophonist Joe Maneri. and Sonja Maneri.

Maneri has recorded with Cecil Taylor, Guerino Mazzola, Matthew Shipp, Joe Morris, Joe Maneri, Gerald Cleaver, Tim Berne, Borah Bergman, Mark Dresser, William Parker, Michael Formanek, John Lockwood, as well as with his own trio, quartet, and quintet. He also played on various band releases such as: Club d'Elf, Decoupage, Brewed by Noon, Paul Motian's Electric Bebop Band, and Buffalo Collision.

Maneri started studying violin at the age of five. He received a full scholarship as the principal violinist at Walnut Hill High School and New England Conservatory of Music, before going on to pursue a professional career in jazz music.

He started releasing records as a leader in 1996 and performed and recorded worldwide. Maneri has worked with Ed Schuller, John Medeski, Roy Campbell, Paul Motian, Robin Williamson, Drew Gress, Tony Malaby, Ben Monder, Barre Phillips, Joëlle Léandre, Marilyn Crispell, Craig Taborn, Ethan Iverson, David King and many others. Maneri also taught privately and at the New School.


With Borah Bergman
With Steve Dalachinsky
With Kris Davis
With Heinz Geisser and Guerino Mazzola
With Whit Dickey
With Ellery Eskelin
With Guillermo Gregorio
With Masashi Harada
With Pandelis Karayorgis
With Russ Lossing
With Joe Maneri
With Joe Morris
With Ivo Perelman
With Matthew Shipp
With Spring Heel Jack
With Craig Taborn
With Cecil Taylor
With David S. Ware
With Keith Yaun
With Ches Smith
With Lucian Ban



</doc>
<doc id="584885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=584885" title="Joe Morris (guitarist)">
Joe Morris (guitarist)

Joseph Francis Michael Morris (born September 13, 1955) is an American jazz guitarist, bassist, composer, and educator.

Morris was born in New Haven, Connecticut, on September 13, 1955. He switched from trumpet to guitar at the age of fourteen. He was self-taught. His interest in jazz began two years later, after attending a John McLaughlin concert and listening to John Coltrane, Miles Davis, and Pharoah Sanders recordings.

Morris moved to Boston in 1975, "where his unique approach was not initially accepted in the then-prevalent modal jazz scene. Despite this temporary setback, and some time spent playing guitar in Europe, he developed a pivotal collaborative relationship with multi-instrumentalist Lowell Davidson, whose unique sound explorations inspired him to further develop his own original approach to music making". Morris formed his first trio in 1977.

In 1981 Morris formed his own record company, Riti, for his own recordings. He has led a group called Sweatshop, the sextet Racket Club, and quartets featuring, separately, Mat Maneri, Jamie Saft, and Rob Brown.

In 1994 he became the first guitarist to lead his own session for Black Saint/Soul Note, with "Symbolic Gesture". He has continued to record extensively for many labels such as Knitting Factory, AUM Fidelity, and Hathut. In addition to leading his own groups, he has recorded and performed with, among others: Matthew Shipp, William Parker, Joe Maneri, and Ivo Perelman.

He has lectured and conducted workshops throughout the US and Europe. He is a former member of the faculty of Tufts University Extension College and is on the faculty at New England Conservatory in the jazz and improvisation department.

Morris cites as influences Cecil Taylor, Eric Dolphy, Leroy Jenkins, Thelonious Monk, Jimi Hendrix, and West African string music. Morris has created his own approach to playing and composing. "He usually incorporates a clean tone of the bebop lineage for his single-note-driven improvisations".
He also plays banjolele.




</doc>
<doc id="585649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=585649" title="Hans Dulfer">
Hans Dulfer

Hans Dulfer (born 28 May 1940) is a Dutch jazz musician who plays tenor saxophone.

Hans Dulfer was born on 28 May 1940 in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He began at age 17 and has been referred to as "Big boy" because of his album of the same name. At the end of the sixties he and Herbert Noord (Hammond organ) founded a quartet that played saxophone/organ funk. He has performed a considerable amount of cross-over jazz and jazz fusion and has also worked with Punk rockers. He has recorded an album with fellow saxophonist Frank Wright titled ""El Saxofón"". He has comparatively high popularity in Japan where "Hyperbeat" was a top-selling CD by instrumental standards. Furthermore, Japanese film maker Masaaki Yuasa stated that he listened to Hans Dulfer's music while working on Mind Game.

Hans Dulfer is the father of saxophonist Candy Dulfer and the two worked together on the album "Dulfer Dulfer", whose title refers in part to Hans.

Selected albums:



</doc>
<doc id="588700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588700" title="Evan Parker">
Evan Parker

Evan Shaw Parker (born 5 April 1944) is a British saxophone player who plays free jazz.

Recording and performing prolifically with many collaborators, Parker was a pivotal figure in the development of European free jazz and free improvisation. He has pioneered or substantially expanded an array of extended techniques. Critic Ron Wynn describes Parker as "among Europe's most innovative and intriguing saxophonists...his solo sax work isn't for the squeamish."

Parker's original inspiration was Paul Desmond, and in recent years the influence of cool jazz saxophone players has again become apparent in his music — there are tributes to Warne Marsh and Lee Konitz on "Time Will Tell" (ECM, 1993) and "Chicago Solo" (Okka Disk, 1997).

Parker is better known, however, for his later work, which rapidly assimilated the American avant-garde — John Coltrane, Pharoah Sanders, Albert Ayler and others — and forged his own, instantly identifiable style. His music of the 1960s and 1970s involves fluttering, swirling lines that have shape rather than tangible melodic content; sometimes he makes use of pure sound in a manner that recalls Steve Lacy's more radical 1970s recordings or the work of some Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) members. He began to develop methods of rapidly layering harmonics and false notes to create dense contrapuntal weaves; these involved experiments with plastic reeds, circular breathing and rapid tonguing which initially were so intense that he would find blood dripping onto the floor from the saxophone. He also became a member of the big band, the Brotherhood of Breath.

Parker has also increasingly become interested in electronics, usually through inviting collaborators such as Phil Wachsmann, Walter Prati, Joel Ryan, Lawrence Casserley or Matthew Wright to process his playing electronically, creating a feedback loop and shifting soundscape.

Parker has recorded a large number of albums both solo or as a group leader, and has recorded or performed with Peter Brötzmann, Michael Nyman, John Stevens, Derek Bailey, Keith Rowe, Joe McPhee, Anthony Braxton, Cecil Taylor, John Zorn, Fred Frith, Bill Laswell, Ikue Mori, Thurston Moore, Cyro Baptista, Milford Graves, George Lewis, Tim Berne, Mark Dresser, Dave Holland, Sylvie Courvoisier, and many others. Two key associations have been pianist Alexander von Schlippenbach's trio with Parker and drummer Paul Lovens (documented on recordings such as "Pakistani Pomade" and "Elf Bagatellen") and a trio with bassist Barry Guy and drummer Paul Lytton. On Parker's 50th birthday, these two bands played a set apiece at a London concert; the results were issued by Leo Records as the "50th Birthday Concert".

Parker, Bailey, and drummer Tony Oxley founded Incus Records in 1970. The label continued under Bailey's sole control after a falling-out between the two men in the early 1980s. Currently Parker curates Psi Records, which is issued through Martin Davidson's Emanem Records.

Although Parker's central focus is free improvisation, he has also appeared in conventional jazz contexts, such as Charlie Watts's big band and Kenny Wheeler's ensembles, and participated in Gavin Bryars's recording "After the Requiem", performing the composition "Alaric I or II" as part of a saxophone quartet.

Parker has recently contributed to David Sylvian's releases "Manafon" and "Died in the Wool."

He also has appeared in pop-music contexts: on Scott Walker's "Climate of Hunter", and on dubesque albums with Jah Wobble, the adventurous drum n bass duo Spring Heel Jack and rock group Spiritualized. He appeared on the b-side to Vic Reeves and The Wonderstuff's UK 1991 number one hit "Dizzy", performing saxophone on "Oh, Mr Songwriter" (based around "Vic Reeves Big Night Out" TV show end theme song). At one point during a sax solo, Vic can be heard shouting "Pack it in, Parker!".

Parker has also made notable appearances on record with Robert Wyatt.

Evan Parker playing in Aarhus, Denmark 2010

With Derek Bailey
With Han Bennink
With Borah Bergman
With Paul Bley
With Anthony Braxton
With Peter Brötzmann
With Gavin Bryars
With Lawrence Casserley
With Marilyn Crispell
With Alvin Curran
With Pierre Favre
With Joe Gallivan
With the Globe Unity Orchestra
With Barry Guy/The London Jazz Composers' Orchestra
With Paul Haines
With Tony Hymas - Barney Bush
With Steve Lacy
With Chris McGregor
With Roscoe Mitchell
With Louis Moholo
With The Music Improvising Company
With Michael Nyman
With Tony Oxley
With Jean-François Pauvros
With Eddie Prévost
With Manfred Schoof
With Alexander von Schlippenbach
With the Spontaneous Music Ensemble
With Spring Heel Jack
With John Stevens
With David Sylvian
with Cecil Taylor
With Stan Tracey
With Scott Walker
With Charlie Watts
With Kenny Wheeler
With Robert Wyatt
With Dave Holland



</doc>
<doc id="588705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588705" title="Joe McPhee">
Joe McPhee

Joe McPhee (born November 3, 1939) is an American jazz multi-instrumentalist born in Miami, Florida, a player of tenor, alto, and soprano saxophone, the trumpet, flugelhorn and valve trombone. McPhee grew up in Poughkeepsie, New York, and is most notable for his free jazz work done from the late 1960s to the present day.

McPhee was born in Miami, Florida, on November 3, 1939. He began playing trumpet when he was eight, before learning other instruments. He played in various high school and then military bands before starting his recording career. His first recording came in 1967, when he appeared on the Clifford Thornton album entitled "Freedom and Unity". McPhee taught himself saxophone at the age of 32 after experiencing the music of John Coltrane, Albert Ayler, and Ornette Coleman. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, McPhee lectured on jazz music at Vassar College.

In 1975, Werner Uehlinger started the Swiss label Hathut Records with the specific intent of showcasing McPhee's music. In the 1980s, McPhee met Pauline Oliveros, began studying her musical theories, and worked with her Deep Listening Band. He has not yet signed with any major label in his native United States, and was possibly better known throughout Europe than his native country until the 1990s. His 1996 album "As Serious As Your Life", which takes its title from the jazz book by Val Wilmer, is "arguably the finest of his solo recordings", according to the AllMusic review.

Jazz musicians with whom McPhee has recorded or performed include Ken Vandermark, Peter Brötzmann, Evan Parker, Mats Gustafsson, Jeb Bishop, The Thing, Clifton Hyde, Jérôme Bourdellon, Raymond Boni, and Joe Giardullo. Since 1998, McPhee, Dominic Duval, and Jay Rosen have performed and recorded as Trio X. In the 1990s Dominique Eade and McPhee had a jazz ensemble called Naima.

McPhee has written reviews and commentary for "Cadence".

In 2005, McPhee was awarded the Resounding Vision Award by Nameless Sound.





With Roy Campbell, William Parker & Warren Smith
With the C. T. String Quartet
With Dominic Duval
With Joe Fonda
With Joe Giardullo
With Jimmy Giuffre and André Jaume 
With Raphe Malik
With Mat Maneri
With the Nihilist Spasm Band
With Evan Parker
With Jamie Saft
With Clifford Thornton
With The Thing



</doc>
<doc id="588726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588726" title="Ken Vandermark">
Ken Vandermark

Ken Vandermark (born September 22, 1964) is an American jazz composer, saxophonist, and clarinetist.

A fixture on the Chicago-area music scene since the 1990s, Vandermark has earned wide critical praise for his playing and his multilayered compositions, which typically balance intricate orchestration with passionate improvisation. He has led or been a member of many groups, has collaborated with many other musicians, and was awarded a 1999 MacArthur Fellowship. He plays tenor saxophone, clarinet, bass clarinet, and baritone saxophone.

He was also a member of NRG Ensemble.

Vandermark grew up in Massachusetts, graduating from Natick High School. His father, Stu Vandermark, was the Boston correspondent for "Cadence Magazine" and currently is a noted essayist on jazz, primarily concerned with improvisation.

Vandermark led a jazz trio, the Fourth Stream, in Montreal while he was an undergraduate at McGill University. He graduated in 1986 with a degree in English but focusing on cinema. After graduation, he led or co-led groups (including Lombard Street and Mr. Furious) in Boston.

Compositions/arrangements for the Boston-based groups set the groundwork for and predicted approaches to recordings and live performances developed in Chicago. Although a trio, Lombard Street incorporated "suite forms" characteristic of later arrangements for groups of both substantial and limited instrumentation. Vandermark's "dedication pieces" are found first in Lombard Street performances, as in the case of "The Politics of Sound," which was dedicated to the musicians in Boston-based ensembles Shock Exchange, The Fringe, and the Joe Morris Trio. Works performed by Mr. Furious, such as "Cold Coffee," include some of the most convincing early examples of Vandermark's signature free-ranging charts. Developed further in Barrage Double Trio (e.g., "Agamemnon Sleeps") this simultaneously linear and episodic perspective on arrangement broadly has been the overarching architecture in most of his works for large-ensembles since that time.

Vandermark has lived in Chicago since autumn 1989. Since then, he has performed or recorded with many musicians (including Hal Russell, Paal Nilssen-Love, Hamid Drake, Fred Anderson, David Stackenäs, Paul Lytton, Joe Morris, Ab Baars, The Ex, Mikolaj Trzaska, Marcin Oles, Waclaw Zimpel, Axel Doerner, Mats Gustafsson, Bartlomiej Oles, Wolter Wierbos, Joe McPhee, Zu, Peter Brötzmann, Fredrik Ljungkvist, Paul Lovens, Lasse Marhaug, Yakuza, Kevin Drumm, and members of Superchunk). He first gained widespread attention while with the NRG Ensemble from 1992 to 1996. He was once a member of Witches and Devils and the Flying Luttenbachers and has led or co-led several groups, including DKV Trio, Free Fall, Territory Band, CINC, Sonore, the Vandermark 5, the Free Music Ensemble, School Days, the Sound in Action Trio, Steam and Powerhouse Sound.

The "Joe Harriott Project", a brief celebration of Harriott in 1998 in the Chicago area, consisted of Ken Vandermark (reeds), Jeb Bishop (trombone), Kent Kessler (bass), and Tim Mulvenna (drums). The band played the music of Joe Harriott, transcribed and arranged by Vandermark.

In 2002 Vandermark recorded "Furniture Music", his first released performances as an unaccompanied soloist.

After several years of Vandermark 5 performances of his arrangements of works by Sonny Rollins, Joe McPhee, Cecil Taylor, and others, Vandermark in 2005 announced, "Though I have learned a great deal by rearranging some of my favorite composers' work for the Vandermark 5, it's time to leave that process behind and focus more completely on my own ideas."

Vandermark is the subject of "Musician" (2007), one of a series of Daniel Kraus video documentaries on contemporary occupations.

Vandermark won the "Cadence" magazine poll in 1998 for best artist and best recording. He was a finalist for the 1998 Herb Alpert Fellowship.

In 1999 Vandermark was awarded a $265,000 MacArthur Fellowship, a prize then awarded on an age-based scale to creative leaders and meant to enable them to pursue their creative, intellectual, and professional inclinations. The fellowship was somewhat controversial, due to Vandermark's relative youth and obscurity: he was 35 and known mostly in Chicago, while other jazz performers awarded the fellowship were older and better-known (e.g., Cecil Taylor, George Russell).

In the mid-1990s, Vandermark was known, in part, for his many collaborations with other musicians. Some groups were "ad hoc" settings, while others were more stable. He worked not only in jazz, but free improvisation, noise, rock and roll of various stripes, and other settings. Due in part to wanting to focus more on his own compositions, Vandermark decided in about 2000 to limit his collaborations.

Composed of drummer Hamid Drake, bassist Kent Kessler, and Vandermark. The group is active only irregularly, except for annual end-of-year concerts in Chicago. However, in 2017 DKV played two tours, one with Joe McPhee.

Ken Vandermark, Hamid Drake, and bassist Nate McBride. Originally devoted to interpretations of the music of Sun Ra and the P-Funk/George Clinton family, Spaceways Inc. later branched into versions of classic reggae songs as well as Vandermark originals.

Perhaps Vandermark's main compositional vehicle, the Vandermark 5 released their first album in 1997. Initial personnel were Vandermark, Mars Williams (saxophone), Jeb Bishop (trombone and electric guitar, though the latter was gradually phased out), Kessler (bass) and Tim Mulvenna (drums). Williams left and was replaced by saxophonist Dave Rempis; while Tim Daisy took over Mulvenna's seat at the drums. Bishop left the group in 2005, and was replaced with cellist Fred Lonberg-Holm.

Their music could be broadly classified as post bop, though their earlier era had strong leanings towards punk rock and noise due to Bishop's ragged guitar contributions. In 2010 Vandermark announced the disbanding of the ensemble, although he continues to work with band members in other contexts (e.g., with Kessler in DKV).

Active c. 2004–2007, the Free Fall Trio included Vandermark and two Norwegian musicians: pianist Håvard Wiik and bassist Ingebrigt Håker-Flaten. This group was loosely inspired by Jimmy Giuffre's groundbreaking early 1960s trio, which featured the same instrumentation. Like Giuffre, Vandermark played clarinet and emphasized a rather hushed and subdued chamber jazz that still managed to swing and take creative leaps.

After being awarded the MacArthur Fellowship in 1999, Vandermark used some of the financial windfall to assemble the Territory Band, a big band composed of musicians from North America and Europe. Vandermark describes Territory Band as "an intersection of my two primary musical interests, American Jazz and European Improvised Music." Personnel has varied but has always included Vandermark, Rempis and Fredrik Ljungkvist on reeds; Axel Dörner on trumpet and Per-Åke Holmlander on tuba; Jim Baker on piano; Kessler on bass and Lonberg-Holm on cello; and Paal Nilssen-Love and Paul Lytton on drums. Territory Band also incorporates elements of noise and electroacoustic improvisation via the contributions of Kevin Drumm, who departed in about 2005 and was replaced by Lasse Marhaug.

In June 2012, Vandermark recorded "Mutations/Multicellulars Mutations", the first album by a newly created ensemble called RARA AVIS, featuring Stefano Ferrian (soprano/tenor saxophone), Stefano Quatrana (piano), Luca Pissavini (double bass) and SEC_ (tape recorder, instant sound treatment). The ensemble premiered on April 26, 2013 at Novara Jazz Winter.

Vandermark named his group Marker for filmmaker Chris Marker. In addition to Vandermark, the group, based in Chicago, features the much younger musicians Macie Stewart (violin, keyboard), Steve Marquette (guitar), Andrew Clinkman (guitar), and Phil Sudderberg (drums). Marker's album "Wired for Sound" was recorded in 2017 and released in 2018, and a second live album was recorded and released in 2018. Marker toured in 2018. (Since 2017 or 2018 as of 2020, Marker's Ken Vandermark, Steve Marquette, and Macie Stewart, along with Sima Cunningham, Anton Hatwich, and Isaiah Spencer, also participate in the annual winter performances in Chicago of the Jeff Albert-led Yes We Can Band, which covers New Orleans rhythm & blues/funk tunes, especially those of Allen Toussaint and the Meters.)



</doc>
<doc id="588756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588756" title="Hal Russell">
Hal Russell

Hal Russell (born Harold Luttenbacher, August 28, 1926 – September 5, 1992) was an American free jazz composer, band leader and mult-instrumentalist who performed mainly on saxophone and drums but occasionally on trumpet or vibraphone. Russel's fiery music was marked by significant humor, not unlike much of Dutch drummer Han Bennink's output. His music was so accessible that "People" magazine hailed "The Finnish Swiss Tour" on ECM as one of its top 5 albums of the year. Russell set the table for the free improv and free jazz scene which exploded later in the 90's in Chicago.

Born in Detroit in 1926, and raised in Chicago from the 8th grade, Russell began playing drums at age four, but majored in trumpet at college; he subsequently drummed in several big bands, including those of Woody Herman and Boyd Raeburn.

As with many young players in the mid-1940s, Russell's life was irreversibly changed by bebop. In the '50s he worked with an incredible chain of legendary players: Miles Davis, Billie Holiday, Sonny Rollins, John Coltrane, Duke Ellington. He succumbed to drugs and was a dedicated heroin addicted for ten years. 
In 1959, he joined the Joe Daley Trio, whose "Newport' 1963", which was mostly studio material, was reputedly one of the earliest free jazz records.

In the early '70s Russell was the regular percussionist for the band at the suburban Chicago Candlelight Dinner Playhouse. Here he played mostly drums, but occasionally vibes and keyboards. At the same time he would host many young, excellent jazz musicians for jam sessions at his home or in Chicago nightclubs.

In 1979, Russell formed the NRG Ensemble, which for most of its existence featured saxophonist Mars Williams, multi-instrumentalist Brian Sandstrom, and percussionist Steve Hunt, among others. At this time he starting playing tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone and trumpet, in addition to drums and vibes. Russell finally issued his first album in 1981 for the Nessa label. In the late '80s, the group began playing frequently in Europe, and began recording for ECM with "The Finnish/Swiss Tour". Russell led the NRG Ensemble until his death.

In addition to the NRG Ensemble, Russell always maintained several auxiliary bands, a partnership with pianist Joel Futterman, the rock-oriented trio NRG 3 with Ed Ludwig on drums and Noel Kupersmith on bass, and The Flying Luttenbachers with Chad Organ on tenor sax and Weasel Walter on drums.

Cited by some as a missing link between the AACM and later Chicago free jazz, Russell was experiencing greater public awareness before his death. Just after completing the semi-autobiographical album "The Hal Russell Story", Russell died of a heart attack in September 1992.

With The Flying Luttenbachers


</doc>
<doc id="588823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588823" title="Daniel Carter (musician)">
Daniel Carter (musician)

Daniel Carter (born in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania) is an American free jazz saxophone, flute, clarinet, and trumpet player active mainly in New York City since the early 1970s.

Carter has recorded and performed with several notable musicians, including William Parker, Federico Ughi, DJ Logic, The Negatones, Thurston Moore, Yo La Tengo, Soul-Junk, Anne Waldman, Cooper-Moore, Matthew Shipp and scientist/musician Matthew Putman among others. He is a member of the cooperative free jazz groups Test, Other Dimensions In Music, odon, Ghost Moth and Dissipated Face.

In 2007 the Pendu Sound compilation album "Getting rid of the glue"  with Excepter and Daniel Carter was listed as number 70 in Thurston Moore's "Top 80 of 2006". In 2015 the New York Forward Festival was created to celebrate Carter's 70th birthday.

With Federico Ughi

With William Parker and Federico Ughi

With Whit Dickey


With William Parker


With Matthew Shipp
With Reuben Radding
With Sabir Mateen
With Hamid Drake
With Matt Lavelle
With odon
With George Spanos
With Elliott Levin David Tamura and Alex Lozupone

With Loren MazzaCane Connors




</doc>
<doc id="588835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588835" title="Bill Dixon">
Bill Dixon

William Robert “Bill” Dixon (October 5, 1925 – June 16, 2010) was an American composer, improviser, visual artist, activist, and educator. Dixon was one of the seminal figures in free jazz and late twentieth-century contemporary music. His was also a prominent voice arguing for artist's rights and insisting, through words and deeds, on the cultural and aesthetic richness of the African American music tradition. He played the trumpet, flugelhorn, and piano, often using electronic delay and reverb.

Dixon hailed from Nantucket, Massachusetts. His family moved to Harlem, in New York City, in 1934. He enlisted in the Army in 1944; his unit served in Germany before he was discharged in 1946. His studies in music came relatively late in life, at the Hartnette Conservatory of Music (1946–1951), which he attended on the GI Bill. He studied painting at Boston University and the WPA Arts School and the Art Students League. From 1956 to 1962, he worked at the United Nations, where he founded the UN Jazz Society.

In the 1960s Dixon established himself as a major force in the jazz avant-garde. In 1964, Dixon organized and produced the 'October Revolution in Jazz', four days of music and discussions at the Cellar Café in Manhattan. The participants included pianist Cecil Taylor and bandleader Sun Ra. It was the first free-jazz festival of its kind. Dixon later co-founded the Jazz Composers Guild, a cooperative organization that sought to create bargaining power with club owners and effect greater media visibility. A key participant in the seminal Judson Dance Theater at Judson Memorial Church in Greenwich Village, New York City, Dixon was one of the first artists to produce concerts mixing free jazz and improvisational dance, spending several years in a close collaboration with dancer Judith Dunn, with whom he formed the Judith Dunn/Bill Dixon Company. He recorded relatively little during this period, though he co-led some releases with Archie Shepp and appeared on Cecil Taylor's Blue Note record "Conquistador!" in 1966. In 1967, he composed and conducted a score for the United States Information Agency film, "The Wealth of a Nation", produced and directed by William Greaves.

Dixon was Professor of Music at Bennington College, Vermont, from 1968 to 1995, where he founded and chaired the college's Black Music Division. From 1970 to 1976 he played "in total isolation from the market places of this music," as he puts it. Solo trumpet recordings from this period were later released by Cadence Jazz Records and were collected on his self-released multi-CD set "Odyssey," along with reproductions of his visual artwork and other material.

He was one of four featured musicians in the Canadian documentary "Imagine the Sound" (along with Cecil Taylor, Archie Shepp, and Paul Bley), 1981.

In the later years of his life, he recorded with Cecil Taylor, Tony Oxley, William Parker, and Rob Mazurek.

Dixon was noted for his extensive use of the pedal register, playing below the trumpet's commonly ascribed range and well into the trombone and tuba registers. He also made extensive use of half-valve techniques and used breath with or without engaging the traditional trumpet embouchure. He largely eschewed mutes, the exception being the harmon mute, with or without stem.

On June 16, 2010, Bill Dixon died in his sleep at his home in North Bennington, Vermont after suffering from an undisclosed illness.






</doc>
<doc id="588839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588839" title="Charles Gayle">
Charles Gayle

Charles Gayle (born February 28, 1939) is an American free jazz musician. Initially known as a saxophonist who came to prominence in the 1990s after decades of obscurity, Gayle also performs as pianist, bass clarinetist, bassist, and percussionist.

Charles Gayle was born in Buffalo, New York. Some of his history has been unclear due to his reluctance to talk about his life in interviews. He briefly taught music at the University at Buffalo before relocating to New York City during the early 1970s.

Gayle was homeless for approximately twenty years, playing saxophone on street corners and subway platforms around New York City. He has described making a conscious decision to become homeless: "I had to shed my history, my life, everything had to stop right there, and if you live through this, good, and if you don't, you don't. I can't do the rent, the odd jobs, the little rooms, scratchin', and all that, no!" At the same time, this allowed Gayle to devote most of his time to playing music, although he often earned less than US$3 a day from busking:
First of all, I played to play because I need to play. Second of all, the money, a dollar meant a lot to me at that time. Playing out there is obviously different than playing on a stage but that is so rich out there. It's such a whole 'nother world of playin'. I mean I used to walk from Times Square, for instance, all the way to Wall Street playin'. I could walk back and never stop playing. I didn't think about it as anything other than what it was. These were people and I wasn't overly concerned with what they thought. I was playing, I had to play. Also I had to eat some way and I'm not the type to put my hand out. I'd stand there playing with a coffee cup sometime and people would put money in my coffee [Laughs] and you don't get that on the stage. That's beautiful.
When Gayle first set out on the streets, he did not imagine he would remain homeless as long as he did, although he estimates that this period lasted closer to fifteen years than twenty.

In 1988, he gained fame through a trio of albums recorded in one week and released by Swedish label, Silkheart Records. Since then he has become a major figure in free jazz, recording for labels including Black Saint, Knitting Factory Records, FMP, and Clean Feed. He has also taught music at Bennington College.

Gayle's music is spiritual, and heavily inspired by the Old and New Testaments. Gayle explains, "I want the people to enjoy the music and if it, in anyway can suggest something about the Lord, for their benefit, that would be first in my mind." He has explicitly dedicated several albums to God. His childhood was influenced by religion, and his musical roots trace to black gospel music. He has performed and recorded with Cecil Taylor, William Parker, and Rashied Ali. Gayle's most celebrated work to date is the album "Touchin' on Trane" (FMP) with Parker and Ali, which received the "Crown" accolade from the "Penguin Guide to Jazz".

Though he established his reputation primarily as a tenor saxophonist, he has increasingly turned to other instruments, notably the piano (which was, in fact, his original instrument) and alto saxophone. More controversially, he has sometimes included lengthy spoken-word addresses to the audience in his concerts touching on his political and religious beliefs: "I understand that when you start speaking about faith or religion, they want you to keep it in a box, but I'm not going to do that. Not because I'm taking advantage of being a musician, I'm the same everywhere, and people have to understand that." Gayle sometimes performs as a mime, "Streets the Clown." "Streets means to me, first, a freedom from Charles. I'm not good at being the center of attention…. It's a liberation from Charles, even though it's me on the stage, it's a different person."

In 2001, Gayle recorded an album entitled "Jazz Solo Piano." It consisted mostly of straightforward jazz standards, and is a response to critics who charge that free jazz musicians cannot play bebop. In 2006, Gayle followed up with a second album of solo piano, this time featuring original material, entitled "Time Zones".





</doc>
<doc id="588872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588872" title="Jimmy Giuffre">
Jimmy Giuffre

James Peter Giuffre (, ; April 26, 1921 – April 24, 2008) was an American jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, composer, and arranger. He is notable for his development of forms of jazz which allowed for free interplay between the musicians, anticipating forms of free improvisation.

Jimmy Giuffre was born in Dallas, Texas, the son of Joseph Francis Giuffre (an Italian immigrant from Termini Imerese Palermo Province, and of Sicilian Italian ancestry) and Everet McDaniel Giuffre. Giuffre was a graduate of Dallas Technical High School and North Texas State Teachers College (University of North Texas College of Music). He first became known as an arranger for Woody Herman's big band, for which he wrote "Four Brothers" (1947). He would continue to write creative, unusual arrangements throughout his career. He was a central figure in West Coast jazz and cool jazz. He became a member of Howard Rumsey's Lighthouse All Stars in 1951 as a full-time All Star along with Shorty Rogers and Shelly Manne. The Lighthouse in Hermosa Beach, California became the focal point of West Coast jazz in the 1952–53 time period. It was during this time when he collaborated with Rogers on many of the successful charts written for the All Stars. The first recording released by the Lighthouse All Stars was a not so West Coast jazz chart named "Big Boy" which he and Rogers had put together. It was an instant hit in Los Angeles. He left the band in September 1953 and became a member of Shorty Rogers and His Giants before going solo. At this point in his career, Giuffre predominantly played tenor and baritone saxophone.

His first trio consisted of Giuffre, guitarist Jim Hall and double bassist Ralph Peña (later replaced by Jim Atlas). They had a minor hit in 1957 when Giuffre's "The Train and the River" was featured on the television special "The Sound of Jazz". This trio explored what Giuffre dubbed "blues-based folk jazz". This same special matched Giuffre with fellow clarinetist Pee Wee Russell for a leisurely jam session simply titled "Blues".

When Atlas left the trio, Giuffre replaced him with valve trombonist Bob Brookmeyer. This unusual instrumentation was partly inspired by Aaron Copland. The group can be seen performing "The Train and the River" in the film "Jazz on a Summer's Day" filmed at the 1958 Newport Jazz Festival.

In 1959, Giuffre led a trio featuring Hall and bassist Buddy Clark on a concert in Rome, Italy, sharing the bill with Gerry Mulligan's band.
In 1961, Giuffre formed a new trio with piano player Paul Bley and Steve Swallow on double bass, and also began to focus his attention largely on the clarinet. This group received little attention while active, but were later cited by some critics, fans and musicians as among the most important groups in jazz history. They explored free jazz not in the loud, aggressive mode of Albert Ayler or Archie Shepp, but with a hushed, quiet focus more resembling chamber music. The trio's explorations of melody, harmony and rhythm are still as striking and radical as any in jazz. Thom Jurek has written that this trio's recordings are "one of the most essential documents regarding the other side of early-'60s jazz."

Giuffre, Bley and Swallow eventually explored wholly improvised music, several years ahead of the free improvisation boom in Europe. Jurek writes that "Free Fall", their final record, "was such radical music, no one, literally no one, was ready for it and the group disbanded shortly thereafter on a night when they made only 35 cents apiece for a set."

In the early 1970s, Giuffre formed a new trio with bassist Kiyoshi Tokunaga and drummer Randy Kaye. Giuffre added instruments including bass flute and soprano saxophone to his arsenal. A later group included Pete Levin playing synthesizer and replaced Tokunaga with electric bassist Bob Nieske. This group recorded three albums for the Italian Soul Note label.

During the 1970s, Giuffre was hired by New York University to head its jazz ensemble, and to teach private lessons in saxophone and music composition.

Into the 1990s, Giuffre continued teaching and performing. He recorded with Joe McPhee, and revived the trio with Bley and Swallow (though Swallow had switched to bass guitar, giving the group a different sound). Through the mid-1990s Giuffre taught at the New England Conservatory of Music. He suffered from Parkinson's disease and in his last years he no longer performed. Giuffre died of pneumonia in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, on April 24, 2008, two days short of his 87th birthday.






</doc>
<doc id="588894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588894" title="Jimmy Blanton">
Jimmy Blanton

James Blanton (October 5, 1918 – July 30, 1942) was an American jazz double bassist. Blanton is credited with being the originator of more complex pizzicato and arco bass solos in a jazz context than previous bassists.

Blanton was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee. He originally learned to play the violin, but took up the bass while at Tennessee State University, performing with the Tennessee State Collegians from 1936 to 1937, and during the vacations with Fate Marable.

Blanton left university in 1938 to play full-time in St Louis with the Jeter-Pillars Orchestra. Blanton joined Duke Ellington's band in 1939. On November 22 of that year, Blanton and Ellington recorded two tracks – "Blues" and "Plucked Again" – which were the first commercially recorded piano–bass duets. Further duet recordings were made in 1940, and Blanton was also featured in orchestra tracks. "Blanton also took part in a few of the informal jam sessions at Minton's Playhouse in New York that contributed to the genesis of the bop style." He had to leave Ellington's band near the end of 1941, because of poor health.

Ellington put Blanton front-and-center on the bandstand nightly, unheard of for a bassist at the time. Such was his importance to Ellington's band at the time, together with tenor saxophonist Ben Webster, that it became known as the Blanton–Webster band. Blanton also played in the "small group" sessions led by Barney Bigard, Rex Stewart, Johnny Hodges, and Cootie Williams in 1940-41.

In 1941, Blanton was diagnosed with tuberculosis. Blanton died on July 30, 1942, at a sanatorium in Duarte, California, aged 23.

When with the Jeter-Pillars Orchestra, Blanton added classical music pizzicato and arco techniques to jazz bass, making it into more of a solo instrument. When with Ellington, Blanton revolutionized the way the double bass was used in jazz. His virtuosity put him in a different class from his predecessors, making him the first master of the jazz bass and demonstrating its potential as a solo instrument. "He possessed great dexterity and range, roundness of tone, accurate intonation, and above all an unprecedented sense of swing." He added "many non-harmonic passing notes in his accompaniment lines, giving them a contrapuntal flavour and stimulating soloists to their own harmonic explorations." His originality was developed by others into the foundations of the bebop rhythm section. His importance was such that, "until the advent of the styles of Scott LaFaro and Charlie Haden in the 1960s all modern bass players drew on his innovations."



</doc>
<doc id="588898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=588898" title="Jimmy Garrison">
Jimmy Garrison

James Emory Garrison (March 3, 1934 – April 7, 1976) was an American jazz double bassist. He is best remembered for his association with John Coltrane from 1961 to 1967.

Garrison was raised in both Miami, Florida and Philadelphia where he learned to play bass. Garrison came of age in the 1950s Philadelphia jazz scene, which included fellow bassists Reggie Workman and Henry Grimes, pianist McCoy Tyner and trumpeter Lee Morgan. Between 1957 and 1962, Garrison played and recorded with trumpeter Kenny Dorham; clarinetist Tony Scott; drummer Philly Joe Jones; and saxophonists Bill Barron, Lee Konitz, and Jackie McLean, as well as Curtis Fuller, Benny Golson, Lennie Tristano, and Pharoah Sanders, among others. In 1961, he recorded with Ornette Coleman, appearing on Coleman's albums Ornette on Tenor and The Art of the Improvisors. He also worked with Walter Bishop, Jr. and Cal Massey during the early years of his career.

He formally joined Coltrane's quartet in 1962, replacing Workman. The long trio blues "Chasin' the Trane" is one of his first recorded performances with Coltrane and Elvin Jones. Garrison performed on many Coltrane recordings, including "A Love Supreme". In concert with Coltrane, Garrison would often play unaccompanied improvised solos, sometimes as song introductions prior to the other musicians joining in. After John Coltrane's death, Garrison worked and recorded with Alice Coltrane, Hampton Hawes, Archie Shepp, Clifford Thornton and groups led by Elvin Jones.

Garrison also worked with Ornette Coleman during the 1960s, first recording with him in 1961 on "Ornette on Tenor". He and Elvin Jones recorded with Coleman in 1968, and have been credited with eliciting more forceful playing than usual from Coleman on the albums "New York Is Now!" and "Love Call".

In 1971 and 1972, Garrison taught as a Visiting Artist at Wesleyan University and Bennington College.

Jimmy Garrison had four daughters and a son. With his first wife Robbie he had three daughters, and with his second wife, dancer and choreographer Roberta Escamilla Garrison, he had two children, including jazz bassist Matt Garrison.

Jimmy Garrison died of lung cancer on April 7, 1976. 

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Jimmy Garrison among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.


With Lorez Alexandria
With Bill Barron
With Walter Bishop Jr. 
With Benny Carter
With Ornette Coleman
With Alice Coltrane
With John Coltrane
With Ted Curson
With Nathan Davis
With Bill Dixon
With Kenny Dorham
With Curtis Fuller
With Beaver Harris
With Elvin Jones
With Philly Joe Jones
With Lee Konitz
With Rolf Kühn and Joachim Kühn
With Cal Massey
With Jackie McLean
With J. R. Monterose
With Robert Pozar
With Sonny Rollins
With Tony Scott
With Archie Shepp
With Clifford Thornton
With McCoy Tyner



</doc>
<doc id="589163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=589163" title="Tristan Honsinger">
Tristan Honsinger

Tristan Honsinger (born October 23, 1949) is an American cello player active in free jazz and free improvisation. He is perhaps best known for his long-running collaboration with free jazz pianist Cecil Taylor and guitarist Derek Bailey.

Born in Burlington, Vermont, United States, Honsinger was given music lessons from a very early age, as his mother had hopes of creating a chamber orchestra together with his brother and sister. At the age of 12, Tristan would give concerts on a nearly weekly basis. He studied classical cello at the New England Conservatory in Boston before moving to Montreal in 1969 to avoid the draft. While in Canada, he became interested in improvisational music. Honsinger moved to Europe in 1974 and was active throughout the continent. He operates from Amsterdam in the Netherlands.

Honsinger has a striking appearance, with body language reminiscent of that of a slapstick actor.

He has experimented with a combo of three string-players (violin, cello and double bass) and drums in 1991, under the name Fields in Miniature, and has worked in other musical fields, including collaborations with UK post punk band The Pop Group in 1979, The Ex during the early 1990s and Ig Henneman Tentet.

According to Dutch "Volkskrant" journalist Erik van de Berg, ""Honsinger is someone who hasn't lost his childhood fantasy entirely. His compositions are like a child's drawing, or even more like a story from "Winnie The Pooh": awkward and touchingly simple, yet full of deeper meanings for those who want to see them."" In the same article, Honsinger commented: ""Simple things fascinate me, simple stories and simple characters. It's not that I write for children in particular, but I think they would understand it very well. I usually get the best reactions from an audience with a good mix of children and adults. I don't like to play for one particular age group. It is almost a necessity for me to compose in the form of stories and texts. It gives me ideas and it does help the musicians in their improvisation if they can think: this story is about a little man who takes a walk and experiences this, that and the other. It also helps the audience, it gives them something to hold on to.""



</doc>
<doc id="597533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=597533" title="David Knopfler">
David Knopfler

David Knopfler (born 27 December 1952) is a British singer-songwriter, guitarist and songwriter. With musicians including his older brother Mark Knopfler, he founded the rock band Dire Straits, serving as rhythm guitarist on their first two albums. After quitting the band, Knopfler embarked upon a solo career as a recording artist. Knopfler initially created smaller record labels, publishing companies, and indie labels.

Knopfler was born in Glasgow, Scotland, to an English mother, Louisa Mary (née Laidler), a teacher, and a Hungarian Jewish father, Erwin Knopfler, an architect. When Knopfler was two, his family moved to Newcastle upon Tyne, England, where he grew up and later attended Gosforth Grammar School. By the age of 11, Knopfler owned a guitar, a piano and a drum kit, and by 14 he was playing and singing his own compositions in folk clubs. After attending Bristol Polytechnic, Knopfler became a social worker in London.

Knopfler introduced his older brother, guitarist Mark Knopfler, to his bassist flatmate John Illsley. After gaining the interest of drummer Pick Withers, the four founded the rock band Dire Straits. One of Mark's friends came up with the band's name, which was supposedly a reference to their financial situation at the time the band was beginning to gain notice in the music industry. David however, asserts on his website that "[the] notion that the band were literally in dire straits is largely retrospective myth making and not really factually supportable. We all had day jobs until we got a whacking big advance from Polygram."

Knopfler played rhythm guitar beside his brother, who was lead guitarist in the band. He appeared on Dire Straits' first two albums: "Dire Straits" (1978) and "Communiqué" (1979). The stress of composing, arranging songs, recording the then-requisite two albums and tours to support them took its toll on the brothers, and David left the band during the recording of their third album, "Making Movies" (1980), leaving him uncredited on the album.

After leaving Dire Straits, Knopfler released his first solo album in 1983, "Release". Mark Knopfler and John Illsley both played on the album. Harry Bogdanovs, a lifelong friend of Knopfler, is credited with having co-written three of the tracks and playing synthesiser. The album was supported by the single "Soul Kissing" on the label of Peach River Records. The single peaked at #82 in the UK Albums Chart, after Knopfler retrieved the rights from the bankrupt record label.

"Behind the Lines", his second album, was released in 1985 and his third solo album, "Cut the Wire", followed in 1986. In 1988, the U.S. label Cypress Records released his fourth album, "Lips Against the Steel".

Knopfler scored the soundtracks for the films "Shergar" (1984) and "Laser Mission" (1989), and the German productions "" (1984), "Jakob hinter der blauen Tür" (1989) and "".

"Lifelines" in 1991 released by Phonogram, was recorded in Peter Gabriel's Real World Studios. That album was followed in 1993 by "The Giver", released by MESA/Bluemoon in the U.S., and Ariola in Europe. Its sparse, acoustic arrangements received positive reviews, as did 1995's "Small Mercies", which Knopfler co-produced with Harry Bogdanovs, featuring Chris White on saxophone. In 2001, Knopfler worked with Bogdanovs again to co-produce the album "Wishbones", which has guest appearances by Chris Rea and Eddi Reader. His ninth solo album, "Ship of Dreams", which also included Chris Rea, was released in 2004.

In May 2005, Knopfler published a book of poetry, "Blood Stones and Rhythmic Beasts", which was released by the UK's BlackWing books ().

The Canadian jazz label Justin Time Records released "Ship of Dreams" in October 2005 with an alternate rendition of "Tears Fall" featuring Megan Slankard (replacing Julia Neigel on the original European release). Knopfler's tenth solo album "Songs for the Siren" was released in 2006. Recent songwriting projects with other artists have included sessions with Amilia Spicer, Mack Starks, Megan Slankard and Wendy Lands.

He played various acoustic and electric gigs in Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Canada, Turkey and Australia from 2007 to 2009 with Harry Bogdanovs and his band.. A new double CD "Acoustic", which contains unplugged renditions of new and old songs was released in 2011.

Knopfler continued to tour in Spain, Germany, the UK, the United States and Canada in 2012 to 2015. The first-ever limited edition live album, "Made in Germany" (recorded in Erfurt, Germany during the 2012 tour with Bogdanovs), was released in April 2013 exclusively via CDBaby.com.

The album "Last Train Leaving" was released in 2020.

Knopfler is married to art professor Leslie Storz. He has one son with former wife Anna Perera.



</doc>
<doc id="609560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=609560" title="Leon Redbone">
Leon Redbone

Leon Redbone (born Dickran Gobalian, August 26, 1949 – May 30, 2019) was a singer-songwriter, guitarist, and actor specializing in jazz, blues, and Tin Pan Alley classics. Recognized by his Panama hat, dark sunglasses, and black tie, Redbone was born in Cyprus of Armenian ancestry and first appeared on stage in Toronto, Canada, in the early 1970s. He also appeared on film and television in acting and voice-over roles.

In concert Redbone often employed comedy and demonstrated his skill in guitar playing. Recurrent gags involved the influence of alcohol and claiming to have written works originating well before he was born – Redbone favored material from the Tin Pan Alley era, circa 1890 to 1910. He sang the theme to the 1980s television series "Mr. Belvedere" and released eighteen albums.

Redbone was elusive about his origins, and never explained the origin of his stage name. According to a "Toronto Star" report in the 1980s, he was once known as Dickran Gobalian, and he came to Canada from Cyprus in the mid-1960s and changed his name via the Ontario Change of Name Act. Biographical research published in 2019 corroborated his birth name, and stated that his family was of Armenian origin. His parents lived in Jerusalem, but fled in 1948 to Nicosia, Cyprus, where Redbone was born. By 1961, the family had moved to London, England, and by 1965 to Toronto.

While living in Canada in the late 1960s, Redbone began performing in public at Toronto area nightclubs and folk music festivals. He met Bob Dylan at the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1972. Dylan was so impressed by Redbone's performance that he mentioned it in a "Rolling Stone" interview, leading that magazine to do a feature article on Redbone a year before he had a recording contract. The article described his performances as "so authentic you can hear the surface noise [of an old 78 rpm]." Dylan said that if he had ever started a label, he would have signed Redbone. His first album, "On the Track", was released by Warner Bros. Records in 1975.

He was introduced to a larger public as a semi-regular musical guest on NBC's "Saturday Night Live", appearing twice in the first season. During the 1980s and '90s Redbone was a frequent guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". He was also a guest on "A Prairie Home Companion".

A self-taught musician, he played by ear, sometimes changing the chords of established tunes, never rehearsing with a band, and not following set lists. In an interview printed in the Winter 2017 edition (No. 177) of "BING" magazine, the publication of the International Club Crosby, clarinetist Dan Levinson recounted working with Redbone:I toured with Redbone for 12 years. We used to listen to early Crosby while we were on the road. [Redbone's] taste in music was more eclectic than that of anyone I've ever known -- it included Emmett Miller, Blind Blake, Paganini, Caruso, Gene Austin, John McCormack, Moran and Mack, Cliff Edwards, Jelly Roll Morton, Ted Lewis, Mustafa the Castrato, the Hungarian singer Imre Laszlo, Jimmie Rodgers ('the Singing Brakeman'), Mongolian throat singers, W. C. Fields, Laurel and Hardy ... and early Bing Crosby.

Redbone was described as "both a musical artist and a performance artist whose very identity was part of his creative output." He usually dressed in attire reminiscent of the Vaudeville era, performing in a Panama hat with a black band and dark sunglasses, often while sitting at attention on a stool, with a white coat and trousers with a black string tie. With his reluctance to discuss his past came speculation that "Leon Redbone" was an alternative identity for another performer. Two common suggestions in years past were Andy Kaufman and Frank Zappa, both of whom Redbone outlived. Though sometimes compared to Zappa and Tom Waits for "the strength and strangeness of his persona", he exclusively played music from decades before the rock era, and disdained "blatant sound for people to dance to". In a 1991 interview, he said: "The only thing that interests me is history, reviewing the past and making something out of it."

Redbone survived a small plane crash in Clarksburg, West Virginia, on February 12, 1979. He traveled to engagements exclusively by car, saying, "I carry around many unusual items and devices. They make life difficult for airport security personnel and flying impossible for me."

On May 19, 2015 on his website, his publicist referred to concerns about his health and announced his retirement from performing and recording.

Redbone died on May 30, 2019, following complications from dementia. At the time of his death he was living in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, in hospice care. He is survived by his wife Beryl Handler, daughters Blake and Ashley, and three grandchildren.

A statement on Mr. Redbone’s website noted his death with cheeky humor: "It is with heavy hearts we announce that early this morning, May 30th, 2019, Leon Redbone crossed the delta for that beautiful shore at the age of 127." His longtime publicist Jim Della Croce confirmed that his age was, in fact, 69.

One of Redbone's songs, "Seduced", was featured prominently in the 1978 film "The Big Fix". Redbone sang "Baby, It's Cold Outside" with Zooey Deschanel over the closing credits of the 2003 film "Elf" and provided the voice for Leon the Snowman in the film. On his 1987 album "Christmas Island" he performed "Frosty the Snowman" with Dr. John. He performed the theme song for the TV shows "Mr. Belvedere" and "Harry and the Hendersons".

Redbone appeared regularly on the PBS children's show "Between the Lions". On "Sesame Street", Redbone sang several songs over film footage, including "Blueberry Mouth", "Have You Ever", and "What Do They Do When They Go Wherever They Go?" He also appeared as Leon in the 1988 film "Candy Mountain", and on an episode of the TV show "Life Goes On". He narrated the 2011 Emmy Award-winning documentary "Remembering the Scranton Sirens", celebrating the exceptional, yet little-known, musical legacy of one of the most significant "territory" dance bands in American musical history.

Redbone performed in several TV commercials, including Budweiser beer, in which he lay on a surfboard singing "This Bud's for You", the U.S. automobile brand Chevrolet, All laundry detergent, and InterCity British Rail service in which he sang the song "Relax". He also lent his voice to an animated caricature of himself in a commercial for Ken-L Ration dog food.

Redbone is the subject of the 2018 short documentary film "Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone", by Mako Funasaka, Liam Romalis and Jason Charters, produced by Riddle Films.






</doc>
<doc id="614113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=614113" title="Guy Klucevsek">
Guy Klucevsek

Guy Klucevsek (born February 26, 1947) is an American-born accordionist and composer. Klucevsek is one of relatively few accordion players active in new music, jazz and free improvisation.

Klucevsek was born in New York City, and raised outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He has released 20+ albums as a leader or co-leader, and has recorded or performed with Dave Douglas, John Zorn, Bill Frisell, Laurie Anderson and others. He is also a founding member of the international group Accordion Tribe.

In 2010 Klucevsek won a United States Artists Fellow award.


With Accordion Tribe

With Laurie Anderson
With Anthony Braxton
With Dave Douglas
With Bill Frisell
With Fred Frith
With John Zorn




</doc>
<doc id="618504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=618504" title="Robert &quot;Kool&quot; Bell">
Robert &quot;Kool&quot; Bell

Robert Earl "Kool" Bell, also known by his Muslim name Muhammad Bayyan, (born October 8, 1950) is an American musician, singer and songwriter. He is the founding member of the American funk band, Kool & the Gang.

Bell was born in Youngstown, Ohio and grew up in Jersey City, New Jersey. Along with his brother, Ronald Bell, he began playing jazz, and in 1964 they formed a group named the "Jazziacs". They began playing at clubs in New York City under a series of different band names, before settling on the name "Kool & the Gang" in 1968. He is one of the co-writers of the song "Boardmeeting" from the 2007 album "Timbaland Presents Shock Value".




</doc>
<doc id="619068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=619068" title="Bruce Hornsby">
Bruce Hornsby

Bruce Randall Hornsby (born November 23, 1954) is an American singer-songwriter and pianist. He draws frequently from classical, jazz, bluegrass, folk, Motown, gospel, rock, blues, and jam band musical traditions.

Hornsby's recordings have been recognized on a number of occasions with industry awards, including the 1987 Grammy Award for Best New Artist with Bruce Hornsby and the Range, the 1990 Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album, and the 1994 Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance.

Hornsby has worked with his touring band Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers and his bluegrass project with Ricky Skaggs and has worked as a session and guest musician. He was a touring member of the Grateful Dead from September 1990 to March 1992, playing over 100 shows during that period.

His 21st album, "Absolute Zero", was released in April 2019 and features collaborations with Justin Vernon and Sean Carey of Bon Iver, Jack DeJohnette, Blake Mills, yMusic, The Staves, and Brad Cook.

Bruce Randall Hornsby was born in Williamsburg, Virginia, a son of Robert Stanley Hornsby (1920–1998), an attorney, real-estate developer and former musician, and his wife, née Lois Saunier. Raised a Christian Scientist, he has two siblings: Robert Saunier "Bobby" Hornsby, a realtor with Hornsby Realty and locally known musician, and Jonathan Bigelow Hornsby, an engineer who has collaborated in songwriting.

He graduated from James Blair High School in Williamsburg, Virginia, in 1973, where he played on the basketball team. He studied music at the University of Richmond, as well as Berklee College of Music and the University of Miami, from which he graduated in 1977.

In the spring of 1974, Hornsby's older brother Bobby, who attended the University of Virginia, formed the band "Bobby Hi-Test and the Octane Kids" to play fraternity parties, featuring Bruce on Fender Rhodes and vocals. The band, which is listed in "Skeleton Key: A Dictionary for Deadheads", performed covers of Allman Brothers Band, The Band, and predominantly Grateful Dead songs. Although Hornsby's collaboration with Bobby Hornsby would be relatively short-lived, Bobby's son R.S. was a recurring guest-guitarist with Hornsby's band and periodically toured with his uncle. His performances were often looked forward to by fans. R.S. Hornsby died on January 15, 2009 in a car accident near Crozet, Virginia. He was 28.

Following his graduation from the University of Miami, in 1977, Hornsby returned to his hometown of Williamsburg, and played in local clubs and hotel bars. In 1980, he and his younger brother (and songwriting partner) John Hornsby moved to Los Angeles, where they spent three years writing for 20th Century Fox. Before moving back to his native Hampton Roads, he also spent time in Los Angeles as a session musician. In 1982 Hornsby joined the band Ambrosia for their last album "Road Island" and can be seen in the band's video for the album's single "How Can You Love Me". After Ambrosia disbanded, he and bassist Joe Puerta performed as members of the touring band for pop star Sheena Easton. Hornsby can be seen in the music video for Easton's 1984 hit single "Strut".

In 1984 he formed Bruce Hornsby and the Range, who were signed to RCA Records in 1985. Besides Hornsby, Range members were David Mansfield (guitar, mandolin, violin), George Marinelli (guitars and backing vocals), former Ambrosia member Joe Puerta (bass guitar and backing vocals), and John Molo (drums).

Hornsby's recording career started with the biggest hit he has had to date, "The Way It Is". It topped the American music charts in 1986. The song described aspects of homelessness, the American civil rights movement and institutional racism. It has since been sampled by at least six rap artists, including Tupac Shakur, E-40, and Mase.

With the success of the single, the album "The Way It Is" went multi-platinum and produced another top five hit with "Mandolin Rain" (co-written, as many of Hornsby's early songs were, with his brother John). "Every Little Kiss" also did respectably well. Other tracks on the album helped establish what some labeled the "Virginia sound", a mixture of rock, jazz, and bluegrass. Bruce Hornsby and the Range went on to win the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 1987, beating out Glass Tiger, Nu Shooz, Simply Red, and Timbuk3.

Hornsby and the Range's sound was distinctive for its use of syncopation in Hornsby's piano solos, a bright piano sound and an extensive use of synthesizers as background for Hornsby's solos. John Molo's drumbeats were often looped throughout the recorded versions of songs. They are typical double-time beats, which allowed Hornsby and the rest of the band to do more with their solos.
Hornsby and the Range's second album, "Scenes From The Southside" (on which Peter Harris replaced Mansfield) was released in 1988. It included "Look Out Any Window" and "The Valley Road" which many critics noted for their "more spacious" musical arrangements, allowing for "more expressive" piano solos from Hornsby. It also included "Jacob's Ladder", which the Hornsby brothers wrote for musician friend Huey Lewis; Lewis's version became a number one hit from his album "Fore!". "Scenes" offered further slices of "Americana" and "small-town nostalgia", but it was the band's last album to perform well in the singles market.

In 1988, Hornsby first appeared on stage with the Grateful Dead, a recurring collaboration that continued until the band's dissolution. Hornsby went on to appear on stage frequently as a guest before becoming a regular fixture in the touring lineup for the Dead a few years later. During the late 1980s and early 1990s Hornsby worked extensively as a producer and sideman, notably producing a comeback album "Anything Can Happen" for Leon Russell. In 1989 Hornsby co-wrote and played piano on Don Henley's hit "The End of the Innocence", and in 1991 played piano on Bonnie Raitt's hit "I Can't Make You Love Me". Hornsby continues to feature both of these songs in his own concerts. He also appeared on albums by Bob Dylan, Robbie Robertson, Clannad, Crosby Stills and Nash, Stevie Nicks and Squeeze.

During this era he slowly began to introduce jazz and bluegrass elements into his music, first in live performance settings and later on studio work. In 1989, he first performed at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival. He also reworked his hit "The Valley Road" with the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band for their album "". The song won at the 1990 Grammy Awards for Best Bluegrass Recording.

"A Night On The Town" was released in 1990, on which he teamed up with jazz musicians Wayne Shorter (tenor saxophone) and Charlie Haden (double bass) as well as bluegrass pioneer Bela Fleck (banjo). A change in style became apparent as the album was much more rock and guitar driven, making use of Jerry Garcia's guitar work on a number of tracks, perhaps most prominently on the single "Across the River". In concert, Hornsby and the Range began to stretch out their songs, incorporating more and more "freewheeling musical exchanges". Critics praised the album for its production, its political relevance, and Hornsby's gestures toward expanding out of a strictly pop sound by incorporating jazz and bluegrass. Ultimately, though, the core "rock band" sound of the Range limited Hornsby's aspirations, and after a final three-week tour in 1991, Hornsby disbanded the outfit to enter a new phase of his career. Drummer John Molo continued to perform regularly with Hornsby for another few years, although other members pursued separate musical endeavors. Following Hornsby's and Molo's involvement with The Other Ones, Molo left Hornsby to become the primary drummer with bass guitarist Phil Lesh and Friends.

Hornsby played more than 100 shows with the Grateful Dead from 1988 until Jerry Garcia's death in 1995. At some shows in 1988 and 1989, he joined the band as a special guest and played accordion or synthesizer. Starting in the fall of 1990, he played piano (and frequently accordion) at many gigs following the death of Grateful Dead keyboardist Brent Mydland, who died in July 1990. Mydland's place was filled in September 1990 by Vince Welnick, who became the sole keyboardist by March 1992, although Hornsby still sat in with the band on occasion.

Hornsby's own music evolved significantly during this time period. Critics have suggested that the Dead's vibrant tradition of melding folk music and the blues with psychedelic rock in "loose-knit expressions" and extended jamming "further pushed [Hornsby] outside the confines of mainstream pop". Critics have also commented upon the "close musical connection" formed between Hornsby and Jerry Garcia, suggesting that Hornsby's particular style of jazz-fueled improvisation added to the band's repertoire, and helped to revitalize and refocus Jerry Garcia's guitar solos in the band's sound. Hornsby's friendship with Garcia continued, both inside and outside the band, as the two "challenged" each other to expand their musicianship through several other album and live collaborations. Above all, Hornsby's musical versatility and ability to slip in and out of extended freeform jams won over longtime Grateful Dead fans.

Since his first involvement with the Grateful Dead, Hornsby's live shows have drawn Deadheads and Hornsby has commented: "I've always liked the group of fans that we've drawn from the Grateful Dead time, because those fans are often adventurous music listeners". He has performed a number of their songs at his concerts and as homages on studio and live albums, while Hornsby originals "The Valley Road" and "Stander on the Mountain" appeared several times in the Dead's setlists. Hornsby also co-performed the improvisation "Silver Apples of the Moon" for the Grateful Dead's "Infrared Roses".

Hornsby was the presenter when the Grateful Dead were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994 and in 2005 he participated in "Comes a Time", a tribute concert to Jerry Garcia. He continues to work with Dead-related projects, such as Bob Weir's Ratdog, Mickey Hart's solo projects. He performed as part of The Other Ones in 1998 and 2000, and on occasion sat in with The Dead. Hornsby continues to be involved in the Grateful Dead and Furthur community, having opened All Good Music Festival in 2012 featured with Bob Weir on rhythm guitar. In mid-2013, Hornsby performed with Grateful Dead-influenced bluegrass group Railroad Earth. Hornsby reunited with surviving members of the Grateful Dead along with Trey Anastasio from Phish and Jeff Chimenti at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California, and later at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois, in July 2015.

Hornsby released his first solo album, "Harbor Lights", in 1993. The record showcased him in a more jazz-oriented setting and featured an all-star lineup, including Pat Metheny, Branford Marsalis, Jerry Garcia, Phil Collins and Bonnie Raitt. Hornsby secured his third Grammy in 1993 for Best Pop Instrumental for "Barcelona Mona" (composed with Branford Marsalis for the Barcelona Olympics).

In 1995, "Hot House" was released with its cover art, featuring an imagined jam session between bluegrass legend Bill Monroe and jazz legend Charlie Parker. The album found Hornsby expanding into the jazz sound from "Harbor Lights", this time reintroducing elements of bluegrass from "A Night on the Town" and his earlier collaborations.

During this time period, "even his concerts conveyed a looser, more playful mood, and Hornsby began taking requests from the audience". Hornsby's concerts became "departure points" for his album compositions, which would be blended with and reworked into "lengthy spontaneous medleys". Both in terms of audience requests and in terms of spontaneous on-stage decisions, Hornsby's performances became opportunities for him to challenge himself by trying to "find a way to seamlessly thread these seemingly disparate elements together".

Hornsby next worked with several Grateful Dead reformation projects, including several Furthur Festivals and the ultimate formation of The Other Ones, which resulted in the release a live album, "The Strange Remain". Hornsby's piano and vocals factor heavily into the band's performance of classic Dead tunes "Jack Straw" and "Sugaree" (which features Hornsby on lead vocal, in Jerry Garcia's absence), and Hornsby-originals "White-Wheeled Limousine" and "Rainbow's Cadillac" receive reworkings in the hands of The Other Ones.

Three years after "Hot House", Hornsby released a double album, "Spirit Trail". Featuring a decidedly goofy picture of his uncle on the cover, the collection blended instrumental tracks with the story-telling, rock, jazz, and other musical forms Hornsby had delved into over his career. The album considered "very Southern" themes with "songs about race, religion, judgment and tolerance" and "struggles with these issues". An example is "Sneaking Up on Boo Radley", which referenced the character from Harper Lee's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Throughout the sequence of "Harbor Lights", "Hot House", and "Spirit Trail", Hornsby's piano playing steadily gained further complexity, taking on a more varied array of musical styles and incorporating more and more difficult techniques, as evidenced by his two-hand-independence on "Spirit Trail" "King of the Hill". During this same span of solo album years, Hornsby made several mini-tours playing solo piano gigs for the first time in his career. The shows allowed Hornsby limitless possibilities for seguing songs into other songs, often blurring lines between classical compositions, jazz standards, traditional bluegrass, folk, and fiddle tunes, Grateful Dead songs, as well as reworkings of Hornsby originals. Hornsby reflected on these periods of intensive solo performances, stating that the solo tours helped him "recommit [himself] to the study of piano" and "take [his] playing to a whole new level", explorations and improvisations that would not be possible in a band setting. He finally released his first entirely live solo album, simply titled "Solo Concerts", in August 2014.

His 21st album, "Absolute Zero", will be released in April 2019 and features collaborations with Justin Vernon and Sean Carey of Bon Iver, Jack DeJohnette, Blake Mills, yMusic, The Staves, and Brad Cook.

Hornsby's touring band lineup underwent extensive changes between 1998 and 2000 as well, with longtime drummer John Molo joining former Grateful Dead bassist Phil Lesh in his band Phil Lesh & Friends. A set of twenty consecutive shows performed by Hornsby and his band at Yoshi's Jazz Club in Oakland, California marked a particularly innovative period of evolution for his live shows; there Hornsby and his band were "able to explore songs in a completely spontaneous fashion". Since that time Hornsby has avoided even planning set lists for his shows, preferring to choose songs on the spot based mainly on audience requests. As Hornsby experimented with a different sound, ushering in frequent collaborations with such musicians as Steve Kimock on guitar and Bobby Read on heavily effects-driven electronic woodwinds, a new band, dubbed the Noisemakers, took shape. In 2000, Hornsby chronicled this journey with a compilation live album entitled "Here Come The Noise Makers", and did extensive touring with his new band featuring John "J.T." Thomas (keyboards, organ), Bobby Read (saxophones, woodwinds, flute), J.V. Collier (bass), Doug Derryberry (guitar, mandolin), and several different drummers before Sonny Emory took over full-time.

His next studio album of new material was not until 2002: "Big Swing Face". The album was Hornsby's most experimental effort to date; "Big Swing Face", the only album on which Hornsby barely plays any piano, relied heavily on post-electronica beats, drum loops, Pro Tools editing, and dense synthesizer arrangements. The album also boasts a "stream-of-consciousness wordplay" of lyrics that are in many ways more eccentric and humorous than previous work. "Big Swing Face" received mixed reviews, ranging from "a new and improved Bruce Hornsby" to being called one of the "strangest records of 2002".

In 2004, after 19 successful years on RCA Records, Hornsby returned to a more acoustic, piano-driven sound on his Columbia Records debut "Halcyon Days", which reviewers described as "pure Hornsby". Guests included Sting, Elton John and Eric Clapton.

Throughout tours following the album's release, both with the Noisemakers and in solo performances, Hornsby continued to demonstrate his desire to "grow" as a singer and performer and to expand the instrumental possibilities of the piano in various genres. He also began to offer CD sets and digital downloads of digitally-mastered soundboard recordings of live concerts via the Bruce Hornsby Live website; selected concerts have been offered since 2002.

In July 2006, Hornsby released a four-CD/DVD box set titled "Intersections (1985–2005)". The discs are thematically broken into three categories: "Top 90 Time", "Solo Piano, Tribute Records, Country-Bluegrass, Movie Scores", and "By Request (Favorites and Best Songs)". A full third of the music is previously unreleased; many familiar tracks are presented as unreleased live versions rather than the original studio recordings, and the majority of the remaining tracks are from single B-sides, collaborations or tribute albums, and movie soundtracks. One song, "Song H", a new composition, was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental at the 2007 Grammy Awards.

In 2007 Hornsby began more regularly playing classical music: at a concert in Saint Louis, Missouri, during Hornsby's improvisational session in "The Way It Is", he began playing J.S. Bach's Goldberg Variations along with the drums. In a different city, he played five straight Goldberg Variations over the drum intro of "Gonna Be Some Changes Made".

On September 15, 2009, Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers released their fourth album, "Levitate", to mixed reviews; it included new solo material with several songs co-written with Chip DiMatteo for the Broadway play "SCKBSTD". May 2011 saw the release of the band's latest live album, "Bride of the Noisemakers".

Rehab Reunion is the sixth album (fourth studio album) by Bruce Hornsby with his current touring band, the Noisemakers. Released on June 17, 2016, the album is notable in that Hornsby, widely recognized for his piano capabilities, does not play piano on the album at all. Rather, he plays the dulcimer. The album also marks Hornsby's first release on 429 Records.
Like on many of his previous releases, Rehab Reunion features collaborations with guest artists close to Hornsby. Justin Vernon of Bon Iver sings background vocals on "Over the Rise" and Mavis Staples duets with Hornsby on "Celestial Railroad". Also noteworthy is a folk version of "The Valley Road", originally a hit in 1988 with Hornsby's first backing band, the Range.

As of 2018, the lineup of the Noisemakers includes John "J.T." Thomas (Keyboards, Organ), J.V. Collier (Bass), Gibb Droll (Guitar), John Mailander (Violin, Mandolin), and Chad Wright (Drums).

In March 2007, Hornsby teamed with bluegrass player Ricky Skaggs to produce a bluegrass album, "Ricky Skaggs & Bruce Hornsby", and played several tour dates together. The seeds for the album had been sown in 2000 when the pair collaborated on "Darlin' Cory", a track on the "Big Mon" Bill Monroe bluegrass tribute album and then proposed recording an album together. "Ricky Skaggs & Bruce Hornsby", featuring the duo backed by Skaggs's band Kentucky Thunder, combined bluegrass, traditional country, "a tinge of Hornsby's jazzy piano and a splash of humor" on a spectrum of songs from the traditional to new compositions such as the opening track, "The Dreaded Spoon", "a humorous tale of a youthful ice cream heist". The pair also reinvented Hornsby's hit "Mandolin Rain" as a minor key acoustic ballad and "give his cautionary tale of backwoods violence", "A Night On the Town", a treatment highlighting the "Appalachian storytelling tradition that was always at the song's heart".
The album ended with a surprise cover of Rick James's funk hit "Super Freak" in a bluegrass arrangement. "Ricky Skaggs & Bruce Hornsby" topped "Billboard" bluegrass charts for several weeks. The album showed Hornsby carving out a place for piano within traditional bluegrass, disproving the notion that the piano is not compatible with "string-oriented" bluegrass. The duo released the live album "Cluck Ol' Hen" in 2013, and continue to play live when schedules permit.

Concurrently with the bluegrass project, Hornsby recorded a jazz album, "Camp Meeting". with Christian McBride (bass) and Jack DeJohnette (drums). Alongside original compositions by Hornsby, the trio delivered "newly reharmonized versions" of tunes by John Coltrane, Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk and Bud Powell, a previously unrecorded Ornette Coleman work ("Questions and Answers") and an early Keith Jarrett composition ("Death and the Flower"). The trio made a series of appearances in the summer of 2007, including the Playboy Jazz Festival, the Newport Jazz Festival and at the Hollywood Bowl.

On January 4, 2007, former Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Bill Kreutzmann and Mickey Hart reunited along with Hornsby, Mike Gordon (of Phish and the Rhythm Devils) and Warren Haynes to play two sets, including Dead classics, at a post-inauguration fundraising party for Nancy Pelosi, the first woman to serve as Speaker of the House in the United States Congress.

Hornsby wrote songs for a Broadway Musical, titled "SCKBSTD"; one song from this project, a playful biographical tune about real-estate tycoon Donald Trump titled "The Don of Dons", made several appearances in setlists during his early 2007 solo piano performances. He also composed the score for Spike Lee's ESPN documentary, "Kobe Doin' Work", about NBA star Kobe Bryant and his MVP season.

Outside of music composition and performance, Hornsby has taken an ownership interest in Williamsburg area radio station "The Tide" WTYD 92.3 FM, and he has endowed the Bruce Hornsby Creative American Music Program at University of Miami's Frost School of Music, encouraging the study of songwriting broadly across traditional genres. Hornsby played himself in a cameo role in the Robin Williams movie "World's Greatest Dad", in which Williams' character is a Bruce Hornsby fan.

In 2014, Hornsby toured selected dates with Pat Metheny Unity Group.

Hornsby was part of the in June and July 2015 alongside the original four surviving members and Trey Anastasio of Phish.

In 2016 [Day of the Dead], a Grateful Dead cover album benefitting the [Red Hot Organization], an international charity dedicated to raising funds and awareness for HIV and AIDS, was released. Hornsby performed on one track, "Black Muddy River", along with indie folk band (and Vernon's former band) [DeYarmond Edison]. Hornsby performed the song alongside Vernon that same year in Eau Claire, WI. Hornsby performed alongside Vernon at Coachella in 2017, performing "I Can't Make You Love Me;" the performance also featured Jenny Lewis.

Hornsby has composed and performed for many projects with long-time collaborator, filmmaker Spike Lee including end-title songs for two films, "Clockers" (1995) with Chaka Khan and "Bamboozled" (2001). He contributed music for "If God Is Willing and da Creek Don't Rise" (2010), "Old Boy" (2013) and "Chiraq" (2015), and full film scores for "Kobe Doin' Work" (2009), Lee's Kobe Bryant documentary for ESPN, "Red Hook Summer" (2012), "Da Sweet Blood of Jesus" (2015), and Lee's film for the NBA 2K16 video game (2015). He scores Lee's Netflix production "She's Gotta Have It" (2017, 2019). Hornsby wrote and performed new music for Lee's film "Blackkklansman" (2018).

Hornsby currently uses a Steinway & Sons concert grand piano. He bought the piano in Zurich, Switzerland, while on a solo show tour in Europe in 1995. With the Range and up until 1995, he used a Baldwin concert grand piano. He currently uses a Korg M1 synthesizer. With the Range, Hornsby used an Oberheim OB-X synthesizer.

He has also been honored by piano makers Steinway & Sons with their Limited Edition Signature Piano Series. Hornsby selected ten Model B Steinway Grands to be featured in this collection, each one personalized with his signature. Hornsby owns three 9-foot Model D Steinway Grands himself.

On his 2016 album "Rehab Reunion" he played mountain dulcimers made by BlueLion.

Outside the realm of music, Hornsby is a regular basketball player and an avid fan of the sport. As such, he can frequently be seen at college basketball games around the state of Virginia. Hornsby stated that he beat Allen Iverson in one-on-one basketball three games in a row after helping him get out of jail. Hornsby shared this story on The Dan LeBatard Show on ESPN Radio on March 21, 2017. He is also a friend of former St. Louis Cardinals manager Tony La Russa and attends games in St. Louis whenever he can. Their friendship led to La Russa introducing Hornsby to jazz bassist Christian McBride, which then led to the formation of The Bruce Hornsby Trio (along with drummer Jack DeJohnette) and their first album, "Camp Meeting".

Hornsby and his wife Kathy have twin sons, born 1992: Russell, who ran NCAA Division I track at the University of Oregon, and Keith, who played Division I basketball for the UNC Asheville Bulldogs from 2011 to 2013, transferred to Louisiana State University and played for LSU from 2014 to 2016. They were named after musicians Leon Russell and Keith Jarrett, respectively.


With: The Other Ones

The Other Ones – 1999 – Grateful Dead Records – Live 2-CD Set



</doc>
<doc id="621503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=621503" title="Michael Bublé">
Michael Bublé

Michael Steven Bublé ( ; born September 9, 1975) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, actor and record producer. His first album reached the top ten in Canada and the UK. He found a worldwide audience with his 2005 album "It's Time" as well as his 2007 album "Call Me Irresponsible" – which reached number one on the Canadian Albums Chart, the UK Albums Chart, the US "Billboard" 200, the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and several European charts. Bublé's 2009 album "Crazy Love" debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 after three days of sales, and remained there for two weeks. It was also his fourth number one album on "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Top Jazz Albums chart. His 2011 holiday album, "Christmas", was in first place on the "Billboard" 200 for the final four weeks of 2011 and the first week of 2012, totalling five weeks atop the chart, it also made the top 5 in the United Kingdom. With this, "Christmas" became his third-consecutive number-one album on the chart. "To Be Loved" was released in April 2013. Bublé has sold over 75 million records worldwide, and won numerous awards, including four Grammy Awards and multiple Juno Awards. Bublé is a dual citizen of both Canada and Italy.

Michael Steven Bublé was born in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada on September 9, 1975 to Lewis Bublé, a fisherman from the island of Lussino (today Lošinj in Croatia) of Italian, or more specifically Venetian origins, and Amber (née Santaga). He has two younger sisters, Brandee, a children's book author, and Crystal, an actress. He and his siblings were raised Roman Catholic. He attended Seaforth Elementary School and Cariboo Hill Secondary School.

According to an "Oprah Winfrey" interview on October 9, 2009, Bublé had dreamed of becoming a famous singer since he was two. When he was a teenager, he slept with his Bible and prayed to become a singer. His interest in jazz began at around age five when his family played Bing Crosby's "White Christmas" album.

The first time his family noticed his singing talent was during the Christmas holidays, when Bublé was 13 years old, and they heard him powerfully sing the phrase "May your days be merry and bright" when the family was singing to the song "White Christmas" on a car ride.

Bublé also has a strong passion for ice hockey and had wanted to become a professional hockey player for the Vancouver Canucks growing up, but he believed he was not good enough. "I wanted so bad to be a hockey player... If I was any good at hockey, I probably wouldn't be singing right now." He often played hockey in his youth, watched Vancouver Canucks games with his father, and said that he "went to every single home game as a kid... I remember I wanted to be Gary Lupul, I wanted to be Patrik Sundstrom and Ivan Hlinka. I used to think that being named Michael Bublé was pretty cool because I was close to being called Jiri Bubla." Bublé shared his hockey interest with his grandfather.

From the age of 14, Bublé spent six years working during the summer as a commercial fisherman with his father and crewmates. He called the experience "the most deadly physical work I'll ever know in my lifetime. We'd be gone for two, sometimes three months at a time and the experience of living and working among guys over twice my age taught me a lot about responsibility and what it means to be a man."

His first singing engagements were in nightclubs at age 16 and were facilitated by his Italian grandfather Demetrio Santagà, a plumber from Preganziol, Treviso, who offered his plumbing services in exchange for stage time for his grandson. Bublé's grandfather paid for his singing lessons. Both his voice teacher, Sandi Siemens, and his maternal grandfather never stopped believing that he would become a star. Bublé's maternal grandmother, Iolanda (née Moscone), was also Italian, from Carrufo, L'Aquila.

As a child entertainer he used the name "Mickey Bubbles".

Bublé grew up listening to his grandfather's collection of jazz records and credits his grandfather in encouraging his love for jazz music. "My grandfather was really my best friend growing up. He was the one who opened me up to a whole world of music that seemed to have been passed over by my generation. Although I like rock and roll and modern music, the first time my granddad played me the Mills Brothers, something magical happened. The lyrics were so romantic, so real, the way a song should be for me. It was like seeing my future flash before me. I wanted to be a singer and I knew that this was the music that I wanted to sing."

Bublé never stopped believing he would become a star but admitted he was probably the only one who believed in his dream, stating that even his maternal grandfather thought Bublé was going to be "an opening act for somebody in Las Vegas". He stated he never learned to read and write music, using only emotion to drive his songwriting ability.

At age 18, Bublé entered a local talent contest and won, but was disqualified by organizer Bev Delich for being underage. Delich entered him in the Canadian Youth Talent Search. After Bublé won that contest, he asked Delich to be his manager. Delich represented him for the next seven years, during which Bublé worked diligently at any job that came along: clubs, conventions, cruise ships, hotel lounges, shopping malls, and talent shows.

In 1996, Bublé appeared in TV's "Death Game" (aka "Mortal Challenge") as a Drome Groupie. Also in 1996, he appeared (uncredited) in two episodes of "The X-Files" as a member of a submarine crew. His first national TV performance was on a 1997 award-winning Bravo! documentary titled "Big Band Boom!", directed by Mark Glover Masterson. Beginning in 1997, he became a frequent guest on Vicki Gabereau's national talk show on the CTV network. During its first season, the Vancouver-based programme aired live, which ultimately worked in Bublé's favour. When a scheduled guest was forced to cancel, the show's music producer often asked Bublé to fill in at the last minute. The Gabereau appearances provided Bublé with great exposure, but they also helped the singer hone his television skills as a performer and as an interview guest. In a mutual show of gratitude, Bublé appeared on the final Gabereau show in 2005, along with Jann Arden and Elvis Costello.

Bublé received two Genie Award nominations for Best Original Song in 2000 for "I've Never Been in Love Before" and "Dumb ol' Heart", two songs he wrote for the film "Here's to Life!". He recorded three independent albums ("First Dance", 1996; "Babalu", 2001; "Dream", 2002).

Michael McSweeney, an aide to former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, saw Bublé's performance at a business party and received a copy of Bublé's self-financed independent album. McSweeney showed the album to Mulroney and his wife. Bublé subsequently was invited to sing at the wedding of Mulroney's daughter, Caroline, where he sang Kurt Weill's "Mack the Knife". At the wedding Bublé was introduced to David Foster, a multi-Grammy Award-winning producer and record executive who previously had worked with artists such as Madonna, Brandy Norwood, Whitney Houston, Michael Jackson, Céline Dion, Barbra Streisand, Kenny G, Cher, Josh Groban, and Andrea Bocelli.

David Foster was reluctant to sign Bublé to his 143 Records label because he "didn't know how to market this kind of music." Bublé moved to Los Angeles with his agent for a brief period to convince Foster to sign him. Eventually, Foster agreed to produce an album for him if he raised $500,000 to cover the costs of the production (which Bublé did). Foster ended up covering the costs of production under his label, with no assurances of support from Warner Brothers. After Bublé received the personal stamp of approval and support of Foster's friend, musician and songwriter Paul Anka. After David Foster agreed to produce Bublé's debut album, Bruce Allen, whom Bublé had pursued for years to be his manager, also signed Bublé. Bublé appeared as a karaoke singer in "Duets" in 2000 and a club owner in "Totally Blonde" in 2001.

Bublé's self-titled debut album was released February 11, 2003 by 143 Records/Reprise Records. The album features a range of standards from various eras including "Fever", "The Way You Look Tonight", "For Once in My Life", "Moondance" and "You'll Never Find Another Love Like Mine". Also on the album is "How Can You Mend a Broken Heart?", with Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees singing backing vocals. The album went to the top 10 in Canada, United Kingdom, South Africa and reached No. 1 in Australia. It was No. 33 on the ARIA Top 100 Albums of 2003.

Bublé appeared nationally on television in the United States on the "Today" program on February 14, 2003. In November 2003, Bublé released a Christmas EP "Let it Snow", containing five previously unreleased tracks, that peaked at 56 on the "Billboard" 200. The title track reached the top 40 of the Australia singles chart. A live DVD/CD called "Come Fly with Me" was released in early 2004. The "Come Fly with Me" CD was No. 99 on the Aria Top 100 Albums of 2004. The DVD included live footage and behind the scenes footage of Bublé's first world tour. The CD included three new studio tracks, two live recordings of new songs, and three live recordings of songs from the album "Michael Bublé". The album peaked at 55 on the "Billboard" 200. In November 2004 the Christmas edition of his debut album was released as a two-disc set that included both the "Michael Bublé" and the "Let It Snow" EP.

Bublé won New Artist of the Year at the 2004 Juno Awards, and his album was nominated for Album of the Year but lost to Sam Roberts. He appeared in the 2003 film "The Snow Walker". Also in 2003 he portrayed a lounge performer on an episode of "Days of Our Lives". In 2004 he appeared as himself in "Las Vegas".

Songs from Bublé's debut album ("For Once in My Life", "Kissing a Fool") were released on the soundtrack for the movie "Down with Love" (2003). The soundtrack also included a previously unreleased duet with Holly Palmer of the movie's title theme. The Junkie XL remix of the theme for the 1960s TV cartoon version of "Spider-Man" from Bublé's "Babalu" album was played during the closing credits of "Spider-Man 2" (2004), and this version was also released as a single. A CD was released in 2003 of the 7 songs that Bublé sang for "Totally Blonde", calling it "Totally Bublé". Bublé collaborated with the Barenaked Ladies for "Elf's Lament", a song on their 2004 Christmas album "Barenaked for the Holidays".

Bublé's second studio album, "It's Time", was released February 15, 2005, again by 143/Reprise Records. The album also included standards from a variety of eras including "You Don't Know Me", "Feeling Good", "Can't Buy Me Love", "Save the Last Dance for Me", "Song for You", and "Quando, Quando, Quando" (a duet with Canadian pop singer Nelly Furtado). It also included an original track, "Home", co-written by Bublé, his musical director Alan Chang, and Amy Foster-Gilles.

The album reached No. 1 in Canada, Italy, Japan, and on the "Billboard" Top Jazz chart, No. 2 in Australia, and No. 7 on the "Billboard" 200. Additionally it reached the top 10 in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Austria, and Sweden. The album spent 104 weeks on the "Billboard" Top Jazz chart, including a record-breaking 78 weeks in the No. 1 spot. "It's Time" was "Billboard"s Top Jazz Album in both 2005 and 2006. The first single, "Feeling Good", met with little commercial success. However, the second single from the album, "Home", reached No. 1 on "Billboard" Adult Contemporary Tracks chart and No. 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The third single "Save the Last Dance for Me" reached No. 5 on the "Billboard" AC Track Chart and No. 99 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

In 2005, he appeared in a commercial for Starbucks' Frappucino line, singing his single "Come Fly with Me". The single appeared as a bonus track for a Starbucks edition release of "It's Time".

He won four Juno Awards in 2006: Album of the Year and Pop Album of the Year ("It's Time"), Single of the Year ("Home"), and Artist of the Year.

He was nominated twice for a Grammy in the category Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album in 2006 ("It's Time") and 2007 ("Caught in the Act") but lost in both cases to Tony Bennett. In 2007, Bublé received one Juno nomination, for Fan Choice, but lost to Nelly Furtado.

Bublé's third studio album, "Call Me Irresponsible", was released May 1, 2007 by 143/Reprise Records. His third effort included songs from different eras like as "Always on My Mind", "Dream", "I've Got the World on a String", and "Comin' Home Baby" (a duet with Boyz II Men). In the US, the album debuted at number two on the "Billboard" 200 and rose to number one in its second week. Only a few artists have been able to accomplish this, like Michael Jackson and Sugarland.

His fourth studio album, "Crazy Love", was due for release by 143/Reprise Records on October 13, 2009. However, an early release in the United States occurred on October 9, 2009, in which Bublé appeared on "Oprah" that same day and performed the album's first single "Haven't Met You Yet". The album was also promoted in an interview with George Stroumboulopoulos on "The Hour" on October 17, 2009, and on December 22, 2009 episode of "The Glenn Beck Program".

This album contains 12 tracks (and one bonus track), including two original songs co-written by Bublé, "Haven't Met You Yet" and "Hold On". Its first single, "Haven't Met You Yet" was released August 31, 2009, and reached No. 1 on "Billboard"s Canadian Adult Contemporary chart. Most of the tracks off the album were recorded live because Bublé did not want his album to sound overproduced and slick. Bublé wrote the opening part for his cover on the single "Cry Me a River" in "Bond"-like theme because he wanted the song to sound very cinematic and bombastic. "Crazy Love" debuted at No. 1 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, becoming Bublé's fourth No. 1 album on "Billboard"s Top Jazz Albums chart. It also debuted at No. 1 in Australia and Canada, where it became his fastest-selling album. The album was supported by the Crazy Love Tour. During the tour, Bublé performed two nights at the new Aviva Stadium in Dublin, Ireland, which were the first concerts to take place at the venue.

On April 18, 2010, Bublé won four Juno Awards for Juno Fan Choice Award, Single of the Year ("Haven't Met You Yet"), Album of the Year ("Crazy Love") and Pop Album of the Year ("Crazy Love"), plus two Juno nominations for Artist of the Year and Songwriter of the Year. "Crazy Love" producers David Foster and Bob Rock both received two separate nominations of their own for the Jack Richardson Producer of the Year Award, with Bob Rock winning the award.

Bublé re-released "Crazy Love" on October 25, 2010 in the US, with an earlier release date of October 15, 2010 for Europe. The special edition is called "Crazy Love: Hollywood Edition", and contains several bonus tracks including Bublé's newest single, "Hollywood", co-written with Toronto songwriter-pianist Robert G. Scott. On September 7, 2010, "Hollywood" was released worldwide on radio and as a digital single on iTunes. He recently played to 100,000 people at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin, his biggest concert to date.

In October 2011, Bublé released his fifth studio album, "Christmas", which rose to the top of the US and UK charts. "Christmas" has been the best-selling Christmas album in Australia each year since its release.

Bublé took part in the torch relay in Vancouver before the opening ceremony of the 2010 Winter Olympics. He performed on "the Today Show" on February 12, the day of the opening ceremony and during the broadcast on Grouse Mountain. The introduction for his song "Cry Me a River" was chosen as the theme for the BBC's coverage of the Winter Olympics.

He performed with other Canadian celebrities at the closing ceremony, singing a version of "Maple Leaf Forever" and appearing as a Mountie but having his uniform torn off to reveal a white tuxedo. He appeared in the TV special "Michael Bublé's Canada", which aired on Australian cable television in January, ahead of the 2010 Winter Games.

He was a guest on the comedy TV program "Colbert Report" for Colbert's 2010 Vancouver Winter Games coverage.

In 2009, he appeared with neuroscientist Daniel Levitin on the television program "My Musical Brain", which was based on Levitin's book "This Is Your Brain on Music".

In 2009, he took part in series 6 of "The X Factor" in the UK. He was the celebrity mentor for the finalists in week 3 and also appeared on the finale, duetting with Stacey Solomon.

He was featured in an ITV special called "This Is Michael Bublé". On February 23, 2011, he was the narrator of BBC Radio 2's Song Stories "My Way".

Bublé released "To Be Loved" on April 15, 2013 (regional releases include April 22 in Canada and April 23 in the US). The lead single, "It's a Beautiful Day", was released on February 25, 2013. "To Be Loved" debuted at number-one on the "Billboard" 200, becoming the crooner's fourth consecutive number-one album on the chart.

He was featured in the ITV documentary "Michael Bublé's Day Off" which aired on June 30, 2013. On December 18, 2013, performed his 3rd Annual Christmas Special with NBC. Special guests included Mariah Carey and Mary J. Blige, Queen Latifah and David Foster 

To advertise "Michael Bublé's Christmas in Hollywood" on NBC, he released a Christmas song called "The More You Give (The More You'll Have)".

His ninth studio album, "Nobody but Me", was released on October 21, 2016.

The titular lead single features Black Thought of The Roots and was released on August 19, 2016. During the same month, his perfume went on sale in thirty countries.

His tenth studio album "Love" (written as the heart emoji, ❤️) was released on November 16, 2018 with the first single "When I Fall in Love" preceding it on September 27, 2018. In October 2018, Bublé was quoted in an interview with the "Daily Mail" as saying that he was "retiring" from music following the release of "Love", saying the interview would be his "last" and that he was "done with celebrity narcissism". His management subsequently released a statement denying Buble was retiring, dismissing these as "rumours" spread by "tabloid stories". In November he announced he would embarking on a tour in 2019 in honor of the album; his An Evening with Michael Bublé tour kicked off in Tampa on February 13, 2019.

On December 15, 2018, Bublé was the musical guest for the final of the sixteenth series of BBC's "Strictly Come Dancing". On January 17, 2019, it was announced that Bublé would star in a Super Bowl commercial for Bubly sparkling water.

Bublé was previously engaged to actress Debbie Timuss, who appeared with him in the musicals "Red Rock Diner" in 1996 and Dean Regan's "Forever Swing" in 1998.

Timuss was listed as one of the dedicatees in Bublé's self-titled album "Michael Bublé" and "It's Time" and sang background vocals for it. While in Italy, he co-wrote the hit single "Home" for her. She was featured in the music video for "Home". Their engagement ended in November 2005 and inspired him to write "Lost".

During an appearance at Australian television's Logie Awards in 2005, Bublé met English actress Emily Blunt and they soon began dating. She sang background vocals on "Me and Mrs. Jones", and "Everything" was written by Bublé for her.

After his relationship with Blunt ended in July 2008, Bublé began dating Argentine actress Luisana Lopilato. Bublé and Lopilato became engaged in November 2009 and married in March 2011 in Buenos Aires. Bublé co-wrote the hit single "Haven't Met You Yet" for Lopilato while they were dating and she appeared in his music video. The couple have three children: Noah (born August 2013), Elias (born January 2016), and Vida (born July 2018).

Bublé has had dual Italian-Canadian citizenship since 2005.

An avid hockey fan since childhood, Bublé requires "one local team hockey puck" in his dressing room as part of his contract to concert promoters in every city. He is a prominent celebrity supporter of the Vancouver Canucks. Since December 2008, he has co-owned the Vancouver Giants.

On February 12, 2009, he pledged a donation of to the victims of the Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria, Australia, in a charity concert at Lakeside Secondary School.

Bublé's oldest son, Noah, was diagnosed with liver cancer hepatoblastoma in 2016. The singer canceled his yet unannounced tour after receiving news of the diagnosis, opting to spend time with his son as he underwent chemotherapy and radiotherapy. During a "Carpool Karaoke" session with British talk show host James Corden in 2018, Bublé said, "we got the diagnosis and that was it, man. My whole life ended."








</doc>
<doc id="623405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=623405" title="Zutty Singleton">
Zutty Singleton

Arthur James "Zutty" Singleton (May 14, 1898 – July 14, 1975) was an American jazz drummer.

Singleton was born in Bunkie, Louisiana, and raised in New Orleans. According to his "Jazz Profiles" biography:

"His unusual nickname, acquired in infancy, is the Creole word for “cute.”"

He was working professionally with Steve Lewis by 1915. He served with the United States Navy in World War I. After returning to New Orleans he worked with such bands as those of Papa Celestin, Big Eye Louis Nelson, John Robichaux, and Fate Marable. He left for St. Louis, Missouri, to play in Charlie Creath's band, then moved to Chicago.

In Chicago, Singleton played with Doc Cook, Dave Peyton, Jimmie Noone, and theater bands, then joined Louis Armstrong's band with Earl Hines. In 1928 and 1929, he performed on landmark recordings with Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five. In 1929 he moved with Armstrong to New York City.

In addition to Armstrong, in New York Singleton played with Bubber Miley, Tommy Ladnier, Fats Waller, Jelly Roll Morton and Otto Hardwick. He also played in the band backing Bill Robinson. In 1934, Singleton returned to Chicago. He returned to New York in 1937, working with Mezz Mezzrow and Sidney Bechet.

The British thriller writer, Eric Ambler, author of "A Coffin for Dimitrios", and other novels, saw Singleton perform in New York in 1939 and became an instant fan. In his autobiography, "Here Lies", Ambler mentions getting an autographed photo of the drummer, which he prized.

In 1943, he moved to Los Angeles, where he led his own band, played for motion pictures, and was featured on Orson Welles's CBS Radio series, "The Orson Welles Almanac" (1944). Later he worked with such jazz musicians as Slim Gaillard, Wingy Manone, Eddie Condon, Nappy Lamare, Art Hodes, Oran "Hot Lips" Page, and Max Kaminsky.

Singleton appeared in the following films:

Singleton retired after suffering a stroke in 1970. He died in New York City in 1975, aged 77. His wife Margie (sister of Charlie Creath) died in 1982, aged 82.


</doc>
<doc id="624208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624208" title="Tony Oxley">
Tony Oxley

Tony Oxley (born 15 June 1938) is an English free-jazz drummer and one of the founders of Incus Records.

Oxley was born in Sheffield, England. A self-taught pianist by the age of eight, he first began playing the drums at seventeen. In Sheffield he was taught by Haydon Cook, who had returned to the city after a long residency in the 1950s at Ronnie Scott's in London. While in the Black Watch military band from 1957 to 1960, he studied music theory and improved his drumming technique. From 1960 to 1964 he led a quartet which performed locally in England. In 1963 he began working with Gavin Bryars and guitarist Derek Bailey in a trio known as Joseph Holbrooke. Oxley moved to London in 1966 and became house drummer at Ronnie Scott's, where he accompanied visiting musicians such as Joe Henderson, Lee Konitz, Charlie Mariano, Stan Getz, Sonny Rollins, and Bill Evans until the early 1970s. He was a member of bands led by Gordon Beck, Alan Skidmore, and Mike Pyne.

In 1969 Oxley appeared on the John McLaughlin album "Extrapolation" and formed a quintet with Bailey, Jeff Clyne, Evan Parker, and Kenny Wheeler, releasing the album "The Baptised Traveller". Following this album the group was joined by Paul Rutherford on trombone and became a sextet, releasing the 1970 album "4 Compositions for Sextet". That same year Oxley helped found Incus Records with Bailey and others and Musicians Cooperative. He received a three-month artist-in-residence job at the Sydney Conservatorium in Australia in 1970. Around this time he joined the London Jazz Composers Orchestra and collaborated with Howard Riley. In 1973 he became a tutor at the Jazz Summer School in Barry, South Wales, and in 1974 he formed the band Angular Apron. Through the 1980s he worked with Tony Coe and Didier Levallet and started the Celebration Orchestra during the latter half of the decade. Oxley toured with Anthony Braxton in 1989 began a working relationship with Cecil Taylor.

In 1993 he joined a quartet with Tomasz Stańko, Bobo Stenson, and Anders Jormin. In 2000 he released the album "Triangular Screen" with the Tony Oxley Project 1, a trio with Ivar Grydeland and Tonny Kluften.


With The Quartet

With Gordon Beck

With Bill Dixon

With Barry Guy/London Jazz Composers Orchestra

With Joseph Holbrooke

With Rolf Kühn

With Howard Riley

With Tomasz Stańko

With John Surman

With Cecil Taylor




</doc>
<doc id="624397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=624397" title="Cornell Dupree">
Cornell Dupree

Cornell Luther Dupree (December 19, 1942 – May 8, 2011) was an American jazz and R&B guitarist. He worked at various times with Aretha Franklin, Bill Withers, Donny Hathaway, King Curtis and Steve Gadd, appeared on David Letterman, and wrote a book on soul and blues guitar: "Rhythm and Blues Guitar". He reportedly recorded on 2,500 sessions.

Dupree was born and raised in Fort Worth, Texas, where he graduated from I.M. Terrell High School. Dupree began his career playing in the Atlantic Records studio band, recording on albums by Aretha Franklin ("Aretha Live at Fillmore West") and King Curtis as a member of Curtis's band "The King Pins" (having grown up with King Curtis in Fort Worth). He appeared on the 1969 Lena Horne and Gábor Szabó recording, and on recordings with Archie Shepp, Grover Washington, Jr., Snooky Young and Miles Davis.

He was a founding member of the band Stuff, which featured fellow guitarist Eric Gale, Richard Tee on keyboards, Steve Gadd and Chris Parker on drums, and Gordon Edwards on bass. Dupree and Tee recorded together on many occasions. Notable albums include the aforementioned Aretha and King Curtis records, plus Joe Cocker's "Stingray" and "Luxury You Can Afford", plus Cornell's solo albums "Teasin"', "Saturday Night Fever" (instrumental), "Shadow Dancing", "Can't Get Through", "Coast to Coast", "Uncle Funky", "Child's Play", "Bop 'n' Blues", and "Unstuffed". He played on Brook Benton's "Rainy Night in Georgia" and "Please Send Me Someone to Love", and is featured on two tracks of Peter Wolf's 1998 album, "Fool's Parade".

In December 1972, the UK music magazine, "NME", reported that Dupree, along with Roberta Flack and Jerry Jemmott, had been injured in an auto accident in Manhattan.

Yamaha produced a signature guitar called the Cornell Dupree Model.

In 1989, Cornell recorded a video for Arlen Roth's Hot Licks called "Mastering R&B Guitar", which documented his style, technique and influences. In 2009, Dupree appeared in a documentary entitled Still Bill, which chronicled the life and times of Bill Withers. He appeared on stage playing a guitar-led version of Grandma's Hands. Bill Withers, at first, was sitting in the audience, but ended up joining him on stage to sing the lyrics to the song. In this part of the documentary, Dupree played his guitar on a stool, breathing using an oxygen machine, which foretold his suffering from emphysema.

Dupree died on May 8, 2011 at his home in Fort Worth, Texas. He had been waiting for a lung transplant as a result of suffering from emphysema.


With Sam Cooke
With Hank Crawford
With Robert Palmer
With Carly Simon
With Bette Midler
With Loleatta Holloway
With Jackie DeShannon
With Michael Franks
With Candi Staton
With Cheryl Lynn
With King Curtis 
With Barbra Streisand
With Lulu
With Charles Earland
With Wilson Pickett
With Etta James
With Cissy Houston
With Aretha Franklin
With Ringo Starr
With Mariah Carey
With Eddie Harris
With Joe Cocker
With Gene Harris
With Donny Hathaway
With Lena Horne and Gábor Szabó
With Paul Simon
With Roland Kirk
With Yusef Lateef
With Arif Mardin
With Les McCann
With Jack McDuff
With Rufus Thomas
With Jimmy McGriff
With David Newman
With B.B. King
With Eddie Palmieri
With Bernard Purdie
With Buddy Rich
With Marlena Shaw
With Dakota Staton
With Sonny Stitt
With Leon Thomas
With Stanley Turrentine
With Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson
With Cedar Walton
With Charles Williams



</doc>
<doc id="632704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=632704" title="Grachan Moncur III">
Grachan Moncur III

Grachan Moncur III (born June 3, 1937) is an American jazz trombonist. He is the son of jazz bassist Grachan Moncur II and the nephew of jazz saxophonist Al Cooper.

Born in New York City (his father's father was from the Bahamas) and raised in Newark, New Jersey, Grachan Moncur III began playing the cello at the age of nine, and switched to the trombone when he was 11. In high school he attended the Laurinburg Institute in North Carolina, the private school where Dizzy Gillespie had studied. While still at school he began sitting in with touring jazz musicians on their way through town, including Art Blakey and Jackie McLean, with whom he formed a lasting friendship.

After high school Moncur toured with Ray Charles (1959–62), Art Farmer and Benny Golson's Jazztet (1962), and Sonny Rollins. He took part in two classic Jackie McLean albums in the early 1960s, "One Step Beyond" and "Destination... Out!", to which he also contributed the bulk of compositions and which led to two influential albums of his own for Blue Note Records, "Evolution" (1963) with Jackie McLean and Lee Morgan, and "Some Other Stuff" (1964) with Herbie Hancock and Wayne Shorter.

Moncur joined Archie Shepp's ensemble and recorded with other avant-garde players such as Marion Brown, Beaver Harris and Roswell Rudd (the other big name in American free jazz trombone). During a stay in Paris in the summer of 1969, he recorded two albums as a leader for the famous BYG Actuel label, "New Africa" and "Aco Dei de Madrugada", as well as appearing as a sideman on numerous other releases of the label. In 1974, the Jazz Composer's Orchestra commissioned him to write "Echoes of Prayer" (1974), a jazz symphony featuring a full orchestra plus vocalists and jazz soloists. His sixth album as a leader, "Shadows" (1977) was released only in Japan. Unfortunately, he was subsequently plagued by health problems and copyright disputes and recorded only rarely. Through the 1980s he recorded with Cassandra Wilson (1985), played occasionally with the Paris Reunion Band and Frank Lowe, appeared on John Patton's "Soul Connection" (1983), but mostly concentrated on teaching. In 2004 he re-emerged with a new album ("Exploration") on Capri Records featuring Grachan's compositions arranged by Mark Masters for an octet including Tim Hagans and Gary Bartz.


with Marion Brown:

with Dave Burrell:

with Benny Golson:

with Herbie Hancock:

with Beaver Harris:

with Joe Henderson:

with Khan Jamal:

with Frank Lowe:

with Jackie McLean:

with Lee Morgan:

with Butch Morris:

with Sunny Murray:

with Sunny Murray, Khan Jamal and Romulus:

with Paris Reunion Band:

with William Parker:

with John Patton:

with The Reunion Legacy Band:

with Roswell Rudd and Archie Shepp:

with Archie Shepp:

with Wayne Shorter:

with Alan Silva:

with Clifford Thornton:

with Chris White:




</doc>
<doc id="632719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=632719" title="Grachan Moncur II">
Grachan Moncur II

Grachan Moncur II (sometimes credited as Grachan Moncur) (born September 2, 1915, Miami, Florida - died November 3, 1996, Miami) was an American jazz bassist with the Savoy Sultans. He is the half-brother of Al Cooper and the father of jazz trombonist Grachan Moncur III.

Moncur was a multi-instrumentalist as a teenager, learning trombone, tuba, and double bass while growing up in Miami. After moving to Newark, New Jersey, he began playing bass on a local radio station, where John Hammond heard him. Hammond brought Moncur in for studio sessions in 1935–36 with Mildred Bailey, Bunny Berigan, Putney Dandridge, Bud Freeman, and Teddy Wilson. He was a founding member of the Savoy Sultans, playing with the group until 1945. Later in the 1940s, he worked with Ike Quebec and Ace Harris.

Moncur moved back to Miami in the 1950s, where he remained active until late in the 1960s.


</doc>
<doc id="637255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=637255" title="Marshall Allen">
Marshall Allen

Marshall Belford Allen (born May 25, 1924) is an American free jazz and avant-garde jazz alto saxophone player. He also performs on flute, oboe, piccolo, and EVI (an electronic valve instrument made by Steiner, Crumar company).

Allen is best known for his work with Sun Ra, having recorded and performed mostly in this context since the late 1950s, and having led Sun Ra's Arkestra since 1993. Critic Jason Ankeny describes Marshall as "one of the most distinctive and original saxophonists of the postwar era."

Marshall Allen was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

During the Second World War he enlisted in the 92nd Infantry Division and was stationed in France. Allen studied alto saxophone in Paris and played in Europe with Art Simmons and James Moody.

He is best known for his mastery of pyrotechnic effects on the alto – he has said that he "wanted to play on a broader sound basis rather than on chords" (1971 interview with Tam Fiofori)). The opportunity came through his long association with Sun Ra, with whom he performed almost exclusively from 1958 to Ra's death in 1993, although he did record outside the Arkestra, with Paul Bley's group in 1964 and Olatunji's group during the mid-1960s. Critic Scott Yanow has described Allen's playing as "Johnny Hodges from another dimension".

Since Sun Ra and John Gilmore died, Allen has led the Arkestra, and has recorded two albums as their bandleader. In May 2004, Allen celebrated his 80th birthday on stage with the Arkestra, as part of their performance at the Ninth Vision Festival in New York City. Allen gave other performances on his birthday in 2008 at Sullivan Hall and at Iridium Jazz Club in 2018, both in New York City.

Allen often appears in NYC-area collaborations with bassist Henry Grimes and has also participated in the "Innerzone Orchestra" together with Francisco Mora Catlett, Carl Craig and others in an appreciation of Sun Ra's music.

For Recordings With Sun Ra See: Sun Ra



With Terry Adams









</doc>
<doc id="644622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=644622" title="Kenny G">
Kenny G

Kenneth Bruce Gorelick (born June 5, 1956), better known by his stage name Kenny G, is an American jazz saxophonist. His 1986 album, "Duotones", brought him commercial success. Kenny G is one of the best-selling artists of all time, with global sales totaling more than 75 million records.

Kenny G was born in Seattle, Washington. His mother was from Saskatchewan, Canada. His family was Jewish, and he grew up in Seattle's Seward Park neighborhood, which is a center of the city's Jewish community. He came into contact with the saxophone when he heard a performance on "The Ed Sullivan Show". He started playing saxophone, a Buffet Crampon alto, in 1966 when he was 10 years old.

Kenny G attended Whitworth Elementary School, Sharples Junior High School, Franklin High School, and the University of Washington, all in his home city of Seattle. When he entered high school he failed at his first attempt to get into the jazz band but auditioned again the following year and earned first chair. His Franklin High School classmate Robert Damper (piano, keyboards) plays in his band. In addition to his studies while in high school, he took private lessons on the saxophone and clarinet from Johnny Jessen, once a week for a year.

He was also on his high school golf team. He has been a fan of the sport since his elder brother, Brian Gorelick, introduced him to it when he was ten.

Kenny G's career started with a job as a sideman for Barry White's Love Unlimited Orchestra in 1973; he was 17 and still in high school. He continued to play professionally while studying for a major in accounting at the University of Washington in Seattle, and graduated Phi Beta Kappa and magna cum laude. He played with the funk band Cold, Bold and Together before becoming a credited member of The Jeff Lorber Fusion. He began his solo career after his period with Lorber.

Kenny G signed with Arista Records as a solo artist in 1982, after label president Clive Davis heard his rendition of ABBA's "Dancing Queen". He released his self-titled first album with the help of The Jeff Lorber Fusion. The album received warm reviews from critics. He achieved success quite early on, with both "G Force" and "Gravity", his second and third studio albums respectively, achieving platinum status in the United States. At that time, he collaborated with Kashif on many tracks, such as the single "Love on the Rise", which was released in 1985 and went on to chart. His fourth studio album, "Duotones", sold over five million copies in the U.S. alone. It featured the songs "Songbird", with reached No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single "Don't Make Me Wait for Love", which featured vocals from Lenny Williams, charted at No. 15 on the Hot 100, and No. 2 on the Adult Contemporary charts in 1987. Kenny G worked in the mid-to-late 1980s with jazz and R&B artists such as George Benson, Patti LaBelle and Aretha Franklin. The 1987 hit-single "Love Power", a Dionne Warwick duet with Jeffrey Osborne that featured G as a guest saxophonist, peaked at No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100, and No. 5 on R&B/Hip-Hop songs. His first live album, titled "Kenny G Live", included popular songs, among which "Going Home" achieved great success in the People's Republic of China. Kenny G has collaborated with a wide variety of artists, such as Andrea Bocelli, Aaron Neville, Toni Braxton, DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, Natalie Cole, Steve Miller, Weezer, Dudley Moore, Lee Ritenour, The Rippingtons, Michael Bolton, Celine Dion, Frank Sinatra, Bebel Gilberto and Smokey Robinson. Influenced by saxophonist Grover Washington Jr., his albums are usually classified as smooth jazz.

Kenny G has worked on several film soundtracks, including "Dying Young" and "The Bodyguard". The song "Theme for "Dying Young"", written for that movie, was nominated for a Best Pop Instrumental Performance. Kenny G co-wrote the soundtrack of "The Bodyguard", starring Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston, and performed his own song "Waiting for You" as well as his single "Even If My Heart Would Break". His music was also included in "The Shadow" and "Miracle on 34th Street".

His sixth studio album, "Breathless", was released in 1992, and went on to become the best-selling instrumental album ever, with over 15 million copies sold worldwide, selling 12 million copies in the United States alone. The album included many hits such as "Forever in Love", the recipient of the Grammy Award for the Best Instrumental Composition and which charted in the Billboard Year-End Hot 100. "Sentimental" charted at No. 27 on the Adult Contemporary Chart, and "By the Time This Night Is Over", a collaboration with Peabo Bryson, peaked at No. 25 on the Hot 100. His first holiday album, "", sold over 13 million copies, making it the most successful Christmas album to date. He also performed the "National Anthem of the United States" at the 1994 FIFA World Cup closing ceremony at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, on July 17, 1994.

Kenny G earned a place in the "Guinness Book of World Records" in 1997 for playing the longest note ever recorded on a saxophone. Using circular breathing, Kenny G held an E-flat for 45 minutes and 47 seconds at J&R Music World in New York City. The same year, his song "Havana", from the album "The Moment", was remixed by Todd Terry and Tony Moran and released to dance clubs in the U.S. The mixes went to No.1 on the "Billboard" Dance/Club Play Songs chart in April 1997.

Kenny G's second holiday album, "", is the best selling holiday album of 1999 in the United States selling 2 million units according to Nielsen/SoundScan. The singles taken from the album, the traditional "Auld Lang Syne", reached No. 7 on the Hot 100. His rendition of "Auld Lang Syne" was, at the time of charting, popularized by the then-upcoming New Year celebration for 2000. At the time of its peak, it was also the oldest-written song to make the Hot 100 charts.

In February 2000, Kenny G was invited to the White House and performed for state governors and members of the Clinton Cabinet.

He released his eighth studio album, "Paradise" in 2002. The album featured R&B singer Brian McKnight, and included the single "One More Time", a duet with Chanté Moore.

On "At Last...The Duets Album", he collaborated with friends and colleagues David Sanborn, David Benoit, Daryl Hall, lead singer of Hall & Oates, Burt Bacharach, and Barbra Streisand. It includes covers such as Careless Whisper, and Elton John's "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word", a collaboration with Richard Marx. The album is certified Gold in the US.
2006 saw the release of Kenny G's eleventh studio album "I'm in the Mood for Love...The Most Romantic Melodies of All Time" featuring renditions of The Beatles's songs, the love theme from Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet", the Secret Garden's hit song "You Raise Me Up", and James Blunt's "You're Beautiful", as well as the Chinese ballad "The Moon Represents My Heart".

Kenny G was named the 25th highest-selling artist in America by the RIAA, with 48 million albums sold in the U.S. as of July 31, 2006.

In October 2009, Kenny G appeared with the band Weezer in an AOL promotion of their album "Raditude" by soloing during "I'm Your Daddy". Kenny G said he knew nothing of Weezer before the performance. Though some music critics thereby rejoined in the common criticism of his work, the unlikely combination was fairly well received by AOL's magazines "Spinner.com" and Popeater.com.

His 2010 album "Heart and Soul" is strongly influenced by R&B, featuring Robin Thicke and his long-time collaborator Babyface. It received positive reviews from critics.

In February 2011, Kenny G appeared in the Super Bowl XLV ad for Audi called "Release the Hounds." He starred in a short as Head of Riot Suppression for a luxury Prison.

He made an appearance in the music video for Katy Perry's single "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" as Uncle Kenny. On the October 8, 2011 episode of "Saturday Night Live", he performed with alternative rock band Foster the People on the song "Houdini".

Kenny G hosts a radio show with Sandy Kovach on WLOQ in Orlando, Florida.

His "Brazilian Nights" was announced on October 28, 2014. The album was inspired by Cannonball Adderley's bossa nova recordings, Paul Desmond, and Stan Getz. The album was released in January 2015. It helped Kenny G get back to the "Billboard" 200 at number 86. He started The Brazilian Tour for the album, traveling throughout North America and Asia throughout the year.

Kenny G became embroiled in controversy when he posted Twitter images of his visit to the site of the 2014 Hong Kong protests, which the PRC government has declared illegal, saying, "I wish everyone a peaceful and positive conclusion to this situation". The feed provoked an immediate angry reaction from the Chinese foreign ministry. Kenny G issued a clarification, "I don't really know anything about the situation and my impromptu visit to the site was just part of an innocent walk around Hong Kong...I only wanted to share my wish for peace for Hong Kong and for all of China as I feel close to and care about China very much."

In February 2017, Kenny G was satirized by Andy Samberg in the Netflix program "Michael Bolton's Big, Sexy Valentine's Day Special". At the end of the scene, Kenny G appears as a janitor. He competed in an episode of "Drop the Mic" against country singer Jake Owen.

Kenny G has recorded Chinese songs, such as "Jasmine Flower" (茉莉花) and "The Moon Represents My Heart" (月亮代表我的心).

Since 1989, Kenny G's recording "Going Home" from the "Kenny G Live" album has become an unconventional mega-hit throughout China: It has become the unofficial national closing song for businesses such as food courts, outdoor markets, health clubs, shopping malls and train stations throughout the country. Many businesses begin piping the music over their loudspeakers shortly before closing at night. Television stations also play the song before ending their evening broadcasts. Many Chinese, when asked, say they associate the song with the need to finish their activity or business and go home (although they may not even know the name of the song or its artist).

Kenny G has attracted significant criticism from mainstream jazz musicians and enthusiasts. Pat Metheny stated he was a "pop" saxophonist "but was not really an advanced player, even in that style", adding that he had "major rhythmic problems" and his "harmonic and melodic vocabulary was extremely limited, mostly to pentatonic based and blues-lick derived patterns". Metheny believes the main reason Kenny G has become unpopular is "he sells an enormous amount of records while not being anywhere near a really great player in relation to the standards that have been set on his instrument over the past sixty or seventy years". Branford Marsalis once stated in an interview with "Jazziz" magazine: "When all these jazz guys get in a tizzy over Kenny G, they need to leave Kenny alone. He's not stealing jazz. The audience he has wouldn't be caught dead at a real jazz concert or club. It's not like some guy says, 'You know, I used to listen to Miles, Trane and Ornette. And then I heard Kenny G, and I never put on another Miles record.' It's a completely different audience."

Kenny G's 1999 single "What a Wonderful World" was criticized for its overdubbing of Louis Armstrong's recording. The primary criticism is that a revered recording by Armstrong, known especially for improvisation, should not be altered by a musician whose range and depth of understanding was already in question. Some columnists suggested Kenny G's recording exposed more fans to real jazz, but the response to his recording tended to be negative.

Kenny G plays the Selmer Mark VI soprano, alto and tenor saxophones. He has created his own line of saxophones called "Kenny G Saxophones".

Kenny G married Janice DeLeon in 1980, and they divorced in 1987. He married Lyndie Benson in 1992, and the couple had two sons. In January 2012, Benson-Gorelick filed for legal separation. Kenny G filed for divorce in August 2012.

Kenny G built a house in Hunts Point, Washington in 1996 which he sold in 1999 to Craig McCaw. Kenny G now lives in Malibu, California. He is an avid golfer and has a handicap of +0.6. He has participated in the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am tournament seven times as of 2007 and teamed with Phil Mickelson to share the AT&T pro-am title in 2001 with the team of Tiger Woods and Jerry Chang. In the "Golf Digest" rankings of Top 100 in Music, according to golf handicap indexes of major musicians, he was first in 2006 and second in 2008. He is a member at Sherwood Country Club in Thousand Oaks, California.

Kenny G is an aircraft pilot and has a De Havilland Beaver seaplane that he flies regularly. He was also an early investor in the Starbucks coffee house chain.





Headlining

Co-headlining



</doc>
<doc id="645102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=645102" title="Art Pepper">
Art Pepper

Arthur Edward Pepper Jr. (September 1, 1925 – June 15, 1982) was an American alto saxophonist and very occasional tenor saxophonist and clarinetist. A longtime figure in West Coast jazz, Pepper came to prominence in Stan Kenton's big band. He was known for his emotionally charged performances and several stylistic shifts throughout his career, and was described by critic Scott Yanow as "the world's great altoist" at the time of his death.

Art Pepper was born in Gardena, California, on September 1, 1925. His mother was a 14-year-old runaway; his father, a merchant seaman. Both were violent alcoholics, and when Art was still quite young he was sent to live with his paternal grandmother. He expressed early musical interest and talent, and he was given lessons. He began playing clarinet at nine, switched to alto saxophone at 13 and immediately began jamming on Central Avenue, the black 
nightclub district of Los Angeles.

At the age of 17 he began playing professionally with Benny Carter and then became part of the Stan Kenton orchestra, touring with that band until he was drafted in 1943. After the war he returned to Los Angeles and joined the Kenton Innovations Orchestra. By the 1950s Pepper was recognized as one of the leading alto saxophonists in jazz, finishing second only to Charlie Parker as Best Alto Saxophonist in the "DownBeat" magazine Readers Poll of 1952. Along with Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan and Shelly Manne, and perhaps due more to geography than playing style, Pepper is often associated with the musical movement known as West Coast jazz, as contrasted with the East Coast (or "hot") jazz of Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie and Miles Davis. Some of Pepper's most famous albums from the 1950s are "Art Pepper Meets the Rhythm Section", "Art Pepper + Eleven – Modern Jazz Classics", "Gettin' Together", and "Smack Up". Representative music from this time appears on "The Aladdin Recordings" (three volumes), "The Early Show", "The Late Show", "The Complete Surf Ride", and "The Way It Was!", which features a session recorded with Warne Marsh.

His career was repeatedly interrupted by several prison stints stemming from his addiction to heroin, but Pepper managed to have several memorable and productive "comebacks". Remarkably, his substance abuse and legal travails did not affect the quality of his recordings, which maintained a high level of musicianship throughout his career until his death in 1982.

His last comeback saw Pepper, who had started his career in Stan Kenton's big band, becoming a member of Buddy Rich's Big Band from 1968 to 1969. During the mid-1970s and early 1980s he toured Europe and Japan with his own groups and recorded dozens of albums, mostly for Fantasy Records.

Pepper lived for many years in the hills of Echo Park, in Los Angeles. He had become a heroin addict in the 1940s, and his career was interrupted by drug-related prison sentences in 1954–56, 1960–61, 1961–64 and 1964–65; the final two sentences were served in San Quentin. While in San Quentin he played in an ensemble with saxophonist Frank Morgan. In the late 1960s Pepper spent time in Synanon, a drug rehabilitation group.

After beginning methadone therapy in the mid-1970s, Art had a musical comeback and recorded a series of albums including "Living Legend", "Art Pepper Today", "Among Friends", and "Live in Japan: Vol. 2".

His autobiography, "Straight Life" (1980, co-written with his third wife Laurie Pepper), discusses the jazz music world, as well as drug and criminal subcultures of mid-20th century California. Soon after the publication of this book, the director Don McGlynn released the documentary film "Art Pepper: Notes from a Jazz Survivor", discussing his life and featuring interviews with both Art and his wife Laurie, as well as footage from a live performance in Malibu jazz club. Laurie Pepper also released an interview to NPR.

Pepper died of a stroke in Los Angeles on June 15, 1982, aged 56. He is interred in the Abbey of the Psalms Mausoleum in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Hollywood.


With Chet Baker

With Jesse Belvin

With Hoagy Carmichael

With Dolo Coker 

With Richie Cole 

With Conte Candoli

With Herb Ellis and Jimmy Giuffre 

With Art Farmer

With Jerry Fielding 

With Johnny Griffin

With Toni Harper

With Freddie Hubbard

With Elvin Jones

With Stan Kenton

With Barney Kessel

With Milcho Leviev

With Shelly Manne

With Jack Nitzsche

With Anita O'Day

With Marty Paich

With André Previn

With Buddy Rich Big Band)

With Shorty Rogers

Published transcriptions:

Transcriptions available on the Internet:

A more extensive bibliography is issued by the Jazzinstitut Darmstadt



</doc>
<doc id="646057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=646057" title="Walter Bishop Jr.">
Walter Bishop Jr.

Walter Bishop Jr. (October 4, 1927 – January 24, 1998) was an American jazz pianist.

Bishop was born in New York City on October 4, 1927. He had at least two sisters, Marian and Beverly. His father was composer Walter Bishop Sr. In his teens, Bishop Jr.'s friends included future jazz musicians Kenny Drew, Sonny Rollins, and Art Taylor. He was brought up in Harlem. He left high school to play in dance bands in the area. In 1945–47 he was in the Army Air Corps. During his military service in 1947 Bishop was based near St Louis and met touring bebop musicians.

Later in 1947, he returned to New York. That year (or 1949) he was part of drummer Art Blakey's band for 14 weeks and recorded with them. Bishop developed his bebop playing in part by playing in jam sessions at Minton's Playhouse.

He recorded with Milt Jackson and Stan Getz in 1949, then played with Charlie Parker (1951–54), Oscar Pettiford, Kai Winding, and Miles Davis (1951–53). At this time he was also a drug addict, which led to imprisonment and the withdrawal of his New York City Cabaret Card. In 1956, he recorded with Hank Mobley. "At some point he became a Muslim and took the name Ibrahim ibn Ismail, but he did not use this publicly." In the early 1960s he also led his own trio with Jimmy Garrison and G. T. Hogan.

After studying at The Juilliard School with Hall Overton in the late 1960s, Bishop taught music theory at colleges in Los Angeles in the 1970s. At some point prior to moving from New York to Los Angeles, Bishop met and married the former Valerie Isabel Paul. They then moved to Los Angeles. According to an only son, Jay Blotcher, whom Mrs. Valerie Bishop gave up for adoption (not the son of Walter Bishop Jr) after divorcing Bishop in the mid-70s, Valerie Bishop worked as an assistant for Ike and Tina Turner in California. Valerie Bishop is the person who is cited in the Tina Turner memoir "I, Tina" as the person who inspired Tina Turner to pursue Buddhism.

In the 1980s Bishop taught at the University of Hartford. By this time, he made frequent appearances at clubs and festivals in New York. He also wrote a book, "A Study in Fourths", about jazz improvisation based on cycles of fourths and fifths. His debut recording as a leader was in the 1960s. He continued performing into the 1990s.

Bishop died of a heart attack at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Manhattan on January 24, 1998. He was survived by his wife, Keiko, his mother, and two sisters.

Bishop was influenced at an early stage by Bud Powell. Later, Bishop was "known for holding back on the beat, a device that added tension to the music."


With Gene Ammons
With Shorty Baker and Doc Cheatham
With Art Blakey
With Rocky Boyd
With Miles Davis
With Kenny Dorham
With Curtis Fuller
With John Handy
With Bill Hardman
With Milt Jackson
With Ken McIntyre
With Jackie McLean
With Blue Mitchell
With Hank Mobley
With Charlie Parker

With Oscar Pettiford
With Dizzy Reece
With Charlie Rouse
With Archie Shepp
With Sonny Stitt
With Harold Vick
With Stan Getz Zoot Sims etc.



</doc>
<doc id="649837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=649837" title="Bob Cranshaw">
Bob Cranshaw

Melbourne Robert "Bob" Cranshaw (December 3, 1932 – November 2, 2016) was an American jazz bassist. His career spanned the heyday of Blue Note Records to his recent involvement with the Musicians Union. He is perhaps best known for his long association with Sonny Rollins. Cranshaw performed in Rollins's working band on and off for over five decades, starting with a live appearance at the 1959 Playboy jazz festival in Chicago and on record with the 1962 album "The Bridge".

Some of Cranshaw's best-known performances include Lee Morgan's "The Sidewinder" and Grant Green's "Idle Moments". Cranshaw also served as the sole session bassist to "Sesame Street" and "The Electric Company" songwriter and composer Joe Raposo, and played bass guitar on all songs, tracks, buttons and cues recorded by the Children's Television Workshop during Raposo's tenure. In addition, he was the bass player for "Saturday Night Live" from 1975 to 1980 and musical director and bassist for Dick Cavett's talk show in the early 1980s. He performed in pit orchestras for numerous Broadway shows including "Jesus Christ Superstar", "" Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band: The Musical and many more. He recorded innumerable recording dates for television shows, films and jingles. He is among the most recorded bassists in history.

Along with Wes Montgomery's brother Monk, Cranshaw was among the early jazz bassists to trade his upright bass for an electric bass. He was criticized for this by jazz purists, although he was forced to switch by a back injury incurred in a serious auto accident.

Throughout his long career he also performed on hundreds of television shows and film and television scores. He appears in "The Blue Note Story", a 90-minute documentary of the jazz label.

Cranshaw was also a founding member of the short-lived MJT + 3 (Modern Jazz Two) that included Frank Strozier on alto saxophone, Harold Mabern on piano, Willie Thomas on trumpet, and Walter Perkins on drums. The Chicago-based group produced several albums, a number for Vee-Jay Records. Another Cranshaw appearance, Shirley Scott and Stanley Turrentine's "Blue Flames" (1964), featuring Otis Finch, was recorded for Prestige Records. Cranshaw also played live shows for tap dancer Maurice Hines, along with friend and drummer Paul Goldberg.

Since the 1990s he worked for the musicians union in New York City as an advocate for the rights of jazz musicians. He fought for better pension plans for jazz musicians, to make sure they or their widows received the royalties owed them and for other related issues. Because of his work in television, film and on Broadway, Cranshaw was compensated financially in a way that many jazz musicians were not. He credited his involvement in the union as his way of trying to insure that his fellow jazz musicians receive the same treatment and financial compensation that he did because of his work in other genres and in other media.

Cranshaw died at the age of 83 on November 2, 2016 in Manhattan, New York from Stage IV cancer.

With Pepper Adams
With Nat Adderley
With Eric Alexander
With Mose Allison
With Gene Ammons
With Kenny Barron
With George Benson
With Walter Bishop Jr.
With Paul Bley
With Jaki Byard
With Donald Byrd
With Johnny Coles
With Hank Crawford
With Sonny Criss
With Frank Foster
With George Freeman
With Dexter Gordon
With Bunky Green
With Grant Green
With Friedrich Gulda
With Slide Hampton
With Barry Harris
With Eddie Harris
With Hampton Hawes
With Coleman Hawkins
With Jimmy Heath
With Joe Henderson
With Maurice Hines
With Johnny Hodges
With Bobby Hutcherson
With Milt Jackson
With Willis Jackson
With Antônio Carlos Jobim
With J. J. Johnson
With Quincy Jones
With Clifford Jordan
With Eric Kloss
With Irene Kral
With Yusef Lateef
With Mike Longo
With Johnny Lytle
With Junior Mance
With Jack McDuff
With Jimmy McGriff
With Jackie McLean
With Carmen McRae
With MJT + 3
With Hank Mobley
With Grachan Moncur III
With Wes Montgomery
With James Moody
With Lee Morgan
With Oliver Nelson
With Duke Pearson
With Houston Person
With Dave Pike
With Sonny Red
With Max Roach
With Sonny Rollins
With Lalo Schifrin
With Shirley Scott
With Wayne Shorter
With Horace Silver
With Paul Simon
With Billy Taylor
With Jimmy Smith
With Clark Terry and Bob Brookmeyer
With Bobby Timmons
With Stanley Turrentine
With McCoy Tyner
With Harold Vick
With Cedar Walton
With Joe Williams
With Mary Lou Williams
With Larry Willis
With Gerald Wilson
With Jack Wilson
With Reuben Wilson
With Kai Winding
With The Young Lions
With Joe Zawinul


</doc>
<doc id="649853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=649853" title="Walter Davis Jr.">
Walter Davis Jr.

Walter Davis Jr. (September 2, 1932 – June 2, 1990) was an American hard bop pianist.

Born in Richmond, Virginia, Davis performed as a teenager with Babs Gonzales. In the 1950s, Davis recorded with Melba Liston, Max Roach and played with Roach, Charlie Parker, and Dizzy Gillespie. In 1958 he played with trumpeter Donald Byrd at Le Chat Qui Pêche in Paris and shortly after realized his dream of becoming pianist and composer-arranger for Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers.

After retiring from music in the 1960s to work as a tailor, painter, and designer, he returned in the 1970s to perform with Sonny Rollins and again with the Jazz Messengers. He recorded with many other prominent jazz musicians, including Kenny Clarke, Sonny Criss, Jackie McLean, Pierre Michelot and Archie Shepp.

Davis was known as an interpreter of the music of Bud Powell, but also recorded an album capturing the compositional and piano style of Thelonious Monk. Several of his compositions served as titles for albums by Blakey's Jazz Messengers. Combining traditional harmonies with modal patterns and featuring numerous rhythmic shifts along with internal melodic motifs within operatic, aria-like sweeping melodies, Davis's compositions included "Scorpio Rising", "Backgammon", "Uranus", "Gypsy Folk Tales", "Jodi" and "Ronnie Is a Dynamite Lady".

Davis had an occasional role as the piano player on the CBS television comedy "Frank's Place". He also contributed to the soundtrack of the Clint Eastwood film "Bird" (1988).

Davis died in New York City on June 2, 1990, from complications of liver and kidney disease.

With Art Blakey
With Nick Brignola
With Donald Byrd
With Sonny Criss
With Walt Dickerson
With Teddy Edwards
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Slide Hampton
With Etta Jones
With Philly Joe Jones
With Jackie McLean
With Hank Mobley
With Max Roach
With Julian Priester
With Sonny Rollins
With Charlie Rouse
With Art Taylor



</doc>
<doc id="651886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=651886" title="Ray Draper">
Ray Draper

Raymond Allen Draper (August 3, 1940, New York City – November 1, 1982) was an American jazz tuba player.

Draper attended the Manhattan School of Music in the mid-1950s. As a leader, he recorded his first album, "Tuba Sounds" (Prestige 1957), at the age of 16, with a quintet. His second album, "The Ray Draper Quintet featuring John Coltrane", was recorded at the age of 17 with slight changes in his quintet, including John Coltrane.

Imprisoned over his drug use, after his release in the late 1960s, Draper formed the first jazz rock fusion band composed of established jazz musicians of the day. This preceded Miles Davis's "Bitches Brew", which is normally recognized as the first jazz rock fusion group and recording by two years. Original band members included George Bohanon on trombone, Hadley Caliman on tenor sax, John Duke on upright bass, Paul Lagos on drums and Tom Trujillo on guitar. This band, after its first live performance at Hollywood's Whisky a Go Go - where it shared the bill with Nazz - was offered numerous record deals and booked solid at rock venues for the rest of the year.

Draper began using heroin again, whereupon the more experienced band members quit, except for the youngest member, guitarist Tom Trujillo and his landlord, Chuck Gooden. This led to a search for new members and hirings that included San Diego trumpeter Don Sleet and Ernie Watts. After two years of searching and many personnel changes, including getting clean from drugs, Draper brought drummer Paul Lagos back, along with saxophonist Richard Aplanalp, trumpeter Phil Wood, and bassist Ron Johnson. This new group was eventually named Red Beans and Rice, named after their favorite meal cooked by Draper's first wife, Cassondra. This group appeared on bills with some of the day's headlining groups including Jimi Hendrix, Chicago Transit Authority, Jethro Tull, and Gil Scott Heron.

They went on to record the album produced by Jackie Mills titled "Red Beans and Rice Featuring Sparerib Ray Draper" on Epic Records. But when the band saw that Draper and his manager Forrest Hamilton had put only Draper's picture on the cover, the whole group quit and Draper was on his own once more. After this, he got hooked back on heroin and he sporadically performed and recorded but he was no longer able to recreate the band sound with other players. He left California and spent a couple years in London before returning to New York in the hopes of becoming clean once again. He remarried and had two children, Kayella and Hakim, with his second wife, Anne, continuing to compose for other musicians.

In 1982, coming out of a bank, he was held up by a gang of juveniles. The 13-year-old leader of the gang shot him, after Draper had given him his money. Draper had been clean of drug use and had been working on a composition, found in his attaché case upon his death.


With Sonny Criss
With Brother Jack McDuff
With Jackie McLean
With Max Roach
With Archie Shepp
With Dr. John



</doc>
<doc id="662097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=662097" title="Joe Morris (trumpeter)">
Joe Morris (trumpeter)

Joseph Lee Morris (March 2, 1922 – November 7, 1958) was an American jazz and rhythm and blues trumpeter.

Born in Montgomery, Alabama, Morris began his career as a jazz trumpeter, working and recording with Earl Bostic, Milt Buckner, Arnett Cobb, Dizzy Gillespie, Johnny Griffin, Buddy Rich, Dinah Washington, Big Joe Turner, and Lionel Hampton.

After working with Hampton as a writer, arranger, and trumpeter, he left in 1946 to set up the Joe Morris Orchestra, which featured, among others, Johnny Griffin, Elmo Hope, Percy Heath, Philly Joe Jones, Long John Hobbs, and Hasaan Ibn Ali (then known as William Langford). One of his first credited recordings as bandleader was with Wynonie Harris on "Drinkin' Wine, Spo-Dee-O-Dee".

Morris signed with the then fledgling Boston Records, and released "Anytime, Any Place, Anywhere", with vocals by Laurie Tate. This rose to number one on the U.S. R&B chart in 1950, and he followed up with "Don't Take Your Love Away from Me". The band functioned as the unofficial house band for Atlantic Records in the early 1950s, and several future stars passed through its ranks, including Ray Charles and Lowell Fulson.

In 1953, Tate left for a solo career, and Morris replaced her with his new discovery, Faye Adams. He moved to Herald Records, where he backed Adams on her number-one R&B hit, his own composition "Shake a Hand", and its follow-up, "I'll Be True", also an R&B number-one hit. At the same time, he had his own hit with "I Had a Notion", featuring vocals by Al Savage.

Morris died in Phoenix, Arizona, of a cerebral haemorrhage in 1958, aged 36.


</doc>
<doc id="665244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=665244" title="Herbie Lewis">
Herbie Lewis

Herbie Lewis (February 17, 1941 – May 18, 2007) was an American jazz double bassist. He played or recorded with Cannonball Adderley, Stanley Turrentine, Bobby Hutcherson, Freddie Hubbard, Harold Land, Jackie McLean, Archie Shepp, and McCoy Tyner.

Lewis founded the Jazz Studies program at New College of California. He died of cancer on May 18, 2007.

With Cannonball Adderley

With Art Farmer and Benny Golson

With Freddie Hubbard

With Bobby Hutcherson

With Les McCann

With Jackie McLean

With McCoy Tyner

With others



</doc>
<doc id="667435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=667435" title="Cecil McBee">
Cecil McBee

Cecil McBee (born May 19, 1935) is an American jazz bassist. He has recorded as a leader only a handful of times since the 1970s, but has contributed as a sideman to a number of jazz albums.

McBee was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on May 19, 1935. He studied clarinet at school, but switched to bass at the age of 17, and began playing in local nightclubs. After gaining a music degree from Ohio Central State University, he spent two years in the army, during which time he conducted the band at Fort Knox. In 1959 he played with Dinah Washington, and in 1962 he moved to Detroit, where he worked with Paul Winter's folk-rock ensemble in 1963–64.

His jazz career began to take off in the mid-1960s, after he moved to New York, when he began playing and recording with a number of significant musicians including Miles Davis, Andrew Hill, Sam Rivers, Jackie McLean (1964), Wayne Shorter (1965–66), Charles Lloyd (1966), Yusef Lateef (1967–69), Keith Jarrett, Freddie Hubbard and Woody Shaw (1986), and Alice Coltrane (1969–72).

In the 2000s, McBee unsuccessfully sued a Japanese company that opened a chain of stores under his name.

He was an artist in residence at Harvard from 2010 to 2011. He teaches at the New England Conservatory in Boston, Massachusetts.




With George Adams
With Ray Anderson
With Chet Baker
With Bill Barron 
With Kenny Barron
With the Bob Thiele Collective
With Joanne Brackeen
With Dollar Brand
With Anthony Braxton
With Roy Brooks
With Joe Chambers
With Alice Coltrane
With Junior Cook
With Stanley Cowell
With Ted Curson
With Ricky Ford
With Chico Freeman
With Hal Galper
With Johnny Griffin
With Louis Hayes
With Roy Haynes
With Andrew Hill
With Freddie Hubbard and Woody Shaw
With Elvin Jones
With Clifford Jordan
With John Klemmer
With Prince Lasha
With Yusef Lateef
With The Leaders
With Dave Liebman
With Charles Lloyd
With Raphe Malik
With Joe Maneri
With Jackie McLean
With Lloyd McNeill
With Charles McPherson
With Grachan Moncur III
With Tisziji Munoz
With Amina Claudine Myers
With Almanac
With Art Pepper
With Dannie Richmond
With Sam Rivers
With Charlie Rouse
With Buddy Tate and Dollar Brand
With Pharoah Sanders
With Saxophone Summit
With Zbigniew Seifert
With Woody Shaw
With Archie Shepp
With Wayne Shorter
With Sonny Simmons
With Lonnie Liston Smith
With Buddy Tate and Dollar Brand
With Leon Thomas
With Horace Tapscott
With Leon Thomas
With Charles Tolliver
With Mickey Tucker
With McCoy Tyner
With James "Blood" Ulmer
With Mal Waldron
With Michael White
With Paul Winter
With Yōsuke Yamashita
With Denny Zeitlin



</doc>
<doc id="669656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=669656" title="Lewis Nash">
Lewis Nash

Lewis Nash (born December 30, 1958) is an American jazz drummer. According to "Modern Drummer" magazine, Nash has one of the longest discographies in jazz and has played on over 400 records , earning him the honor of Jazz's Most Valuable Player by the magazine in its May 2009 issue.

Nash is noted for his adaptability to a vast array of genres, as evidenced by his performances with such different musicians as Tommy Flanagan and Don Pullen. Nash has made 5 recordings as bandleader: "Rhythm is My Business" (1989), "It Don't Mean a Thing" (2003 Japanese import) and "Stompin' at the Savoy" (2005 Japanese import), "Lewis Nash and the Bebop All-Stars featuring Frank Wess" (2008 Japanese Import), and "The Highest Mountain" (2012). In 2008, Nash became part of The Blue Note 7, a septet formed that year in honor of the 70th anniversary of Blue Note Records.


With Toshiko Akiyoshi
With Kenny Barron
With The Blue Note 7
With Kenny Burrell
With Benny Carter
With Ron Carter
With Classical Jazz Quartet
With Roni Ben-Hur
With Tommy Flanagan
With Frank Foster
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Sir Roland Hanna
With Jimmy Heath
With Eddie Henderson
With Joe Lovano
With Charles McPherson
With Mulgrew Miller
With Frank Morgan
With David "Fathead" Newman
With Houston Person
With Chris Potter
With Don Pullen
With Renee Rosnes
With Clark Terry
With McCoy Tyner
With Cedar Walton
With Larry Willis
With Gerald Wilson
With Saori Yano
With Dee Dee Bridgewater
With Jane Monheit


</doc>
<doc id="680265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=680265" title="Steve Davis (trombonist)">
Steve Davis (trombonist)

Steve Davis (born April 14, 1967) is an American jazz trombonist.

Davis was raised in Binghamton, New York, where he grew up with jazz music being played in the household. He studied jazz under Jackie McLean at The Hartt School of the University of Hartford in Connecticut. McLean recommended Davis to Art Blakey, whose Jazz Messengers he joined in 1989. After Blakey's death, Davis joined the Hartt faculty in the early 1990s.

Davis played in Chick Corea's Origin, and recorded with them in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Davis has been a member of the sextet One for All since its inception around 1996. Along with Davis, the band features Eric Alexander, Jim Rotondi, David Hazeltine, John Webber and Joe Farnsworth. Davis led his own bands in New York City in the mid-2000s.


With Art Blakey
With Jackie McLean
With Larry Willis
With Others



</doc>
<doc id="683263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=683263" title="Michael Brecker">
Michael Brecker

Michael Leonard Brecker (March 29, 1949 – January 13, 2007) was an American jazz saxophonist and composer. He was awarded 15 Grammy Awards as both performer and composer. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Berklee College of Music in 2004, and was inducted into the "Down Beat" Jazz Hall of Fame in 2007.

Michael Brecker was born in Philadelphia and raised in Cheltenham Township, a local suburb. Born and raised in a Jewish family, his father Bob (Bobby) was a lawyer who played jazz piano and his mother Sylvia was a portrait artist. Michael Brecker was exposed to jazz at an early age by his father. He grew up as part of the generation of jazz musicians who saw rock music not as the enemy but as a viable musical option. Brecker began studying clarinet at age 6, then moved to alto saxophone in eighth grade, settling on the tenor saxophone as his primary instrument in his sophomore year. He graduated from Cheltenham High School in 1967 and spent that summer at the Berklee College of Music in Boston. After a year at Indiana University he moved to New York City in 1969, where he carved out a niche for himself as a dynamic and exciting jazz soloist. He first made his mark at age 20 as a member of the jazz-rock band Dreams–a band that included his older brother, trumpeter Randy Brecker, trombonist Barry Rogers, drummer Billy Cobham, keyboardist Jeff Kent and bassist Doug Lubahn. Dreams was short-lived, lasting only from 1969 through 1972, but Miles Davis was seen at some gigs prior to his recording "Jack Johnson".

Most of Brecker's early work is marked by an approach informed as much by rock guitar as by R&B saxophone. After Dreams, he worked with Horace Silver and then Billy Cobham before once again teaming up with his brother Randy to form the Brecker Brothers. The band followed jazz-rock trends of the time, but with more attention to structured arrangements, a heavier backbeat, and a stronger rock influence. The band stayed together from 1975 to 1982, with consistent success and musicality. In 1977 he founded the Sevent Avenue South jazz club with his brother Randy.

Brecker was in great demand as a soloist and sideman. He performed with bands whose styles ranged from mainstream jazz to mainstream rock. Altogether, he appeared on over 700 albums, either as a band member or a guest soloist. He put his stamp on numerous pop and rock recordings as a soloist. His featured guest solos with James Taylor and Paul Simon are examples of that strand of his work. Other notable jazz and rock collaborations included work with Steely Dan, Lou Reed, Donald Fagen, Dire Straits, Joni Mitchell, Eric Clapton, Billy Joel, John Lennon, Aerosmith, Dan Fogelberg, Frank Sinatra, Frank Zappa, Bruce Springsteen, Roger Daltrey, Parliament-Funkadelic, Cameo, Yoko Ono, Todd Rundgren, Chaka Khan, Orleans, Blue Öyster Cult, The Manhattan Transfer, Average White Band, Players Association, Paul Simon, James Taylor, Everything but the Girl, Patti Austin, Art Garfunkel, Carly Simon, The Brothers Johnson, and Karen Carpenter.

Brecker also recorded or performed with leading jazz figures during his era, including Herbie Hancock, Chick Corea, Chet Baker, Jan Akkerman, George Benson, Quincy Jones, Charles Mingus, Jaco Pastorius, McCoy Tyner, Pat Metheny, Elvin Jones, Claus Ogerman, Billy Cobham, Horace Silver, Mike Stern, Mike Mainieri, [(Max Roach)],Steps Ahead, Dave Holland, Joey Calderazzo, Kenny Kirkland, Bob James, Grant Green, Don Cherry, Hubert Laws, Don Alias, Larry Goldings, Bob Mintzer, Gary Burton, Yusef Lateef, Steve Gadd, Dave Brubeck, Charlie Haden, John Abercrombie, Vince Mendoza, Roy Hargrove and Spyro Gyra.

Brecker played tenor saxophone on two Billy Joel albums. In 1983, Brecker played on three tracks on the album "An Innocent Man" ("Careless Talk", "Tell Her About It" and "Keeping The Faith"). In 1986, he played on "Big Man on Mulberry Street" on the album "The Bridge".

During the early 1980s, he was also a member of NBC's Saturday Night Live Band. Brecker can be seen in the background sporting sunglasses during Eddie Murphy's James Brown parody. After a stint co-leading the all-star group Steps Ahead with Mike Mainieri, Brecker recorded a solo album in 1987. That eponymously titled debut album marked his return to a more traditional jazz setting, highlighting his compositional talents and featuring the EWI (Electronic Wind Instrument), which Brecker had previously played with Steps Ahead. In 1987 he featured his new solo album at the JVC Newport Jazz Festival, incorporating the EWI.
Brecker continued to record albums as a leader throughout the 1990s and 2000s, winning multiple Grammy Awards. His solo and group tours consistently sold out top jazz venues in major cities worldwide.

He went on tour in 2001 with a collaborative group, Hancock-Brecker-Hargrove. This tour was dedicated to jazz pioneers John Coltrane and Miles Davis. Brecker paid homage to Coltrane by performing Coltrane's signature piece, "Naima". The composition is a definitive work for tenor sax; its demanding solo enabled Brecker to show his complete mastery of the instrument. The concert CD from the tour, "" (2002), won a Grammy in 2003.

While performing at the Mount Fuji Jazz Festival in 2004, Brecker experienced a sharp pain in his back. Shortly thereafter in 2005, he was diagnosed with the blood disorder myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). Despite a widely publicized worldwide search, Brecker was unable to find a matching stem cell donor. In late 2005, he was the recipient of an experimental partial matching stem cell transplant. By late 2006, he appeared to be recovering, but the treatment proved not to be a cure. He made his final public performance on June 23, 2006, playing with Hancock at Carnegie Hall. Brecker died from complications of leukemia in New York City. His funeral was held on January 15, 2007 in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York.

Early in his career, Brecker played a Selmer Super Balanced Action saxophone (serial number 39xxx), later moving to a Selmer Mark VI tenor saxophone (serial number 86351, manufactured in 1960) with a Dave Guardala MB1 mouthpiece and LaVoz medium reeds. His earlier mouthpieces included a metal Otto Link STM (during the mid-1970s) and a metal Dukoff in the late 1970s and early 1980s.

Brecker also played the drums as he often talked about time, or rhythm, being musically the most important. He displayed his drum prowess during shows with his own ensembles or accompanying students during masterclasses.

On February 11, 2007, Brecker was awarded two posthumous Grammy awards for his involvement on his brother Randy's 2005 album "Some Skunk Funk".

On May 22, 2007, his final recording, "Pilgrimage", was released and received a good critical response. It was recorded in August 2006 with Pat Metheny on guitar, John Patitucci on bass, Jack DeJohnette on drums and Herbie Hancock and Brad Mehldau on piano. Brecker was critically ill when it was recorded, but the other musicians involved praised the standard of his musicianship. Brecker was again posthumously awarded two additional Grammy Awards for this album in the categories of Best Jazz Instrumental Solo and Best Jazz Instrumental Album, Individual or Group, bringing his Grammy total to 15.

Brecker's search in the International Bone Marrow Registry for a match prompted his wife and manager to organize a series of bone marrow drives throughout the world, including the Red Sea, Monterey, and Newport Jazz Festivals. Brecker was subsequently featured in a film directed by Noah Hutton (son of Debra Winger and Timothy Hutton), named "More to Live For". It documents Brecker's battle with leukemia, and the production of his final recording. By going public with his illness, Brecker raised tens of thousands of dollars for testing, and signed up many thousands of donors, but was unable to find a match for himself.

Herbie Hancock said that around nine months before his death, Brecker had started practicing Buddhism and three months later joined Soka Gakkai International, a group associated with Nichiren Buddhism. At Brecker's memorial service, Hancock, Wayne Shorter and Buster Williams (who all practice the same form of Buddhism) as well as Brecker's son, Sam, sat in a line with their backs to the audience while facing an inscribed scroll (Gohonzon) hanging in a wooden shrine (Butsudan) and chanted, "Nam myoho renge kyo" for five minutes.

Brecker's widow Susan organized two benefit concerts, the first in 2015 and the latter in 2017. The events were dubbed "The Nearness of You" concert and were held at Jazz at Lincoln Center's Appel Room. The concerts aimed to support cancer research at Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC) and the work of doctors Azra Raza and Siddhartha Mukherjee. Guest performers included James Taylor, Paul Simon, Chaka Khan, Randy Brecker, Dianne Reeves, Bobby McFerrin, Diana Krall, Wynton Marsalis, Will Lee, Gil Goldstein, Antonio Sanchez, John Patitucci, Adam Rogers, Mike Mainieri, Andy Snitzer, Jack DeJohnette, Chase Baird, Jeff "Tain" Watts, Robert Glasper, Dave Liebman, Joe Lovano, Ravi Coltrane, Nir Felder, Eli Degibri and others.
The Michael Brecker Archive was established in 2013 at William Paterson University in Wayne, New Jersey, in collaboration with Susan Brecker, and Randy Brecker acting as advisor. The archive contains: original pencil and ink tune manuscripts covering Brecker's solo career and collaborations with Elvin Jones, Pat Metheny, Paul Simon, Horace Silver, Herbie Hancock, Chick Corea and others; three EWIs; mouthpieces, reeds and other equipment; over 250 commercially released LPs and CDs; over 1200 hours of unreleased live recordings and studio mixes on cassettes, DATs and other digital media; nine practice journals spanning from Brecker's time at Indiana University to the late 1990s; music books from his personal collection; an extensive clippings file; business materials; tour itineraries and record company/tour promotional materials; and over 1500 unreleased photo images.




</doc>
<doc id="684542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=684542" title="Courtney Pine">
Courtney Pine

Courtney Pine, (born 18 March 1964 in London) is a British jazz musician, who was the principal founder in the 1980s of the black British band the Jazz Warriors. Although known primarily for his saxophone playing, Pine is a multi-instrumentalist, also playing the flute, clarinet, bass clarinet and keyboards. On his 2011 album, "Europa", he plays almost exclusively bass clarinet.

Born in London to Jamaican parents, Pine went to Kingsbury High School, where he studied classical clarinet, teaching himself the saxophone from the age of 14. He began his music career playing reggae, touring in 1981 with Clint Eastwood & General Saint.

In 1986 Pine's debut album "Journey to the Urge Within" entered the UK Top 40. He is the principal founder of the seminal black British big band the Jazz Warriors, which he established in 1985 through the community organisation "The Abibi Jazz Arts" (TAJA). The Jazz Warriors developed out of the Abibi All-Stars community band that did a series of performances at London's Royal Festival Hall foyer during the summer of the International Youth Year 1985. The Jazz Warriors recorded two albums under Pine's leadership: "Out of Many, One People", which was released on the Antilles division of the Island Records label in 1987, and "Afropeans", which was released on Pine's own label, Destin-e Records, for their 20th anniversary in 2007. The Jazz Warriors "Afropeans" project was commissioned by the Arts Council of England to commemorate the bicentennary of the Abolition of the Slave Trade Act. Thirty years after Pine planted his idea to start the Jazz Warriors, he put together the "Venus Warriors" all-female jazz band for a charity performance to raise awareness of the Mary Seacole Memorial Statue Appeal, which was established to erect the first statue of a black heroine outside of London's St Thomas's Hospital.

His recent music integrates modern British music like drum and bass and UK garage with contemporary jazz styles. He runs his own band and integrates many contemporary musicians in his performances. He also presents "Jazz Crusade" on BBC Radio 2, the seventh series of which was broadcast during spring 2007.

In 1988 he appeared as himself in a jazz quartet in the Doctor Who serial "Silver Nemesis".

Pine was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2000, and Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 New Year Honours for services to jazz music. He was also awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Westminster on 6 December 2004. He was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Southampton on 15 July 2010.

Pine appeared in August 2008 as an advocate for Pierre Boulez, on the BBC World News classical music programme "Visionaries".

On Christmas Day 2018 Pine appeared on BBC Two's "Merry Christmas Baby - with Gregory Porter & Friends".

Pine's parents were Jamaican immigrants, his father a carpenter and his mother a housing manager. As a child he wanted to be an astronaut. He lives in London with his wife and their four children.

As leader

As sideman






</doc>
<doc id="695297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=695297" title="Tim Berne">
Tim Berne

Tim Berne (born October 16, 1954) is an American avant-garde jazz saxophonist and record label owner.

Berne he had no interest in playing an instrument until he attended Lewis & Clark College in Oregon. Hearing the album "Dogon A.D." (1972) by Julius Hemphill turned his attention toward jazz. He was a fan of rhythm and blues, and it seemed to him that Hemphill was playing jazz with the soulfulness of R&B. In 1974 he went to New York to find Hemphill, who gave him saxophone lessons and advice on how to manage his career. Berne started the record label Empire in 1979.

For Empire, he recorded four albums with avant-garde jazz musicians such as John Carter, Alex Cline, Nels Cline, Olu Dara, Vinny Golia, Paul Motian, and Ed Schuller. His next two albums appeared on Soul Note in the early 1980s. In these sessions he worked with trumpeter Herb Robertson. He then got a contract with Columbia and recorded with Robertson, Hank Roberts, and Bill Frisell. After two albums, he signed with JMT, a label known for avant-garde jazz. In the 1990s he recorded in the trio Miniature with Roberts and Joey Baron and in the band Caos Totale with Django Bates, Mark Dresser, Marc Ducret, Steve Swell, and Bobby Previte. He led a trio with Michael Formanek and Jim Black, then added Chris Speed for a quartet. PolyGram bought JMT and closed it. This motivated Berne to start Screwgun Records as the outlet for his albums.

He is one-third of the group BBC (Berne/Black/Cline) with Jim Black and Nels Cline of Wilco. The group released a critically acclaimed album called "The Veil" in 2011.



With Ray Anderson

With Nels Cline

With Marc Ducret

With Simon Fell

With Figure 8

With Michael Formanek

With Vinny Golia

With Drew Gress

With Mark Helias

With Julius Hemphill

With Ingrid Laubrock

With Hank Roberts

With Herb Robertson

With George Schuller

With Ches Smith

With Spring Heel Jack

With David Torn

With Stefan Winter

With Yōsuke Yamashita

With John Zorn



</doc>
<doc id="695316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=695316" title="Hank Roberts">
Hank Roberts

Hank Roberts (born March 24, 1954 in Terre Haute, Indiana) is an American jazz cellist and vocalist. He plays the electric cello, and his style is a mixture of rock, jazz, avant-garde, folk, and classical influences. He emerged with the downtown New York City jazz scene of the 1980s and is associated with its post-modern tendencies.

In the early 1980s Roberts made a number of recordings for the defunct JMT label, was a featured member of the Bill Frisell Quartet, and was an important voice in many groups of saxophonist Tim Berne. Roberts also recorded three discs with the Arcado String Trio, an improvisational chamber group featuring Mark Feldman, violin, and Mark Dresser, double bass. In the early 1990s Roberts left Frisell's group and stopped touring widely. He continued to release recordings, if sporadically, including with the progressive folk group Ti Ti Chickapea. In 2008 he was again touring and performing regularly, releasing "Green" (with Jim Black and Marc Ducret) on Winter & Winter, Stefan F. Winters subsequent label to JMT. In December 2011, Winter and Winter released Roberts' "Everything Is Alive," as well as re-releasing his entire JMT catalogue.


With Arcado String Trio

With Miniature

With Tim Berne

With Bill Frisell

With Alex Cline

With Marilyn Crispell

With Ti Ti Chickapea

With Edmar Casteñeda

With Buffalo Collision

With Donald Rubinstein



</doc>
<doc id="695345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=695345" title="Tom Cora">
Tom Cora

Thomas Henry Corra (September 14, 1953 – April 9, 1998), better known as Tom Cora, was an American cellist and composer, best known for his improvisational performances in the field of experimental jazz and rock. He recorded with John Zorn, Butch Morris, and The Ex, and was a member of Curlew, Third Person and Skeleton Crew.

Tom Cora was born in Yancey Mills, Virginia, United States. He made his musical debut as drummer on a local television program and in the mid-1970s he played guitar for a Washington, D.C. jazz club house band. He took up the cello while an undergraduate at the University of Virginia and studied with cellist Pablo Casals' student Luis Garcia-Renart and later with vibraphonist Karl Berger. During this time he formed his own group, The Moose Skowron Tuned Metal Ensemble and began constructing instruments for it.

In 1979 Cora moved to New York City, where he worked with Shockabilly guitarist Eugene Chadbourne, introducing the cello to the honky tonk circuits of North America. He performed at improvising clubs and venues in New York with John Zorn, Fred Frith, Andrea Centazzo, Butch Morris, Wayne Horvitz, David Moss, Toshinori Kondo and others. Cora also collaborated with George Cartwright and Bill Laswell which led to the formation of the art rock band Curlew in 1979. Cora remained with Curlew for over ten years and appeared on five of their albums.

In 1982 Tom Cora and Fred Frith formed Skeleton Crew, an improvising rock and jazz band best known for their live performances where they played various instruments simultaneously. Cora and Frith were each one-man bands on stage and for their act, Cora constructed musical contraptions he could play with his feet. The band existed for five years during which time they toured Europe, North America and Japan extensively. They made two studio albums, "Learn to Talk" (1984) and "The Country of Blinds" (1986), the latter with Zeena Parkins who had joined the band in 1984. In October 1983 Skeleton Crew joined Duck and Cover, a commission from the Berlin Jazz Festival, for a performance in West Berlin, followed by another in February 1984 in East Berlin.

Cora was also a member of the improvising trio Third Person, formed in 1990 as a live collaboration with percussionist Samm Bennett and a "third person" who changed from concert to concert. Two CDs of some of their performances were released, "The Bends" in 1991 (with "third persons" Don Byron, George Cartwright, Chris Cochrane, Nic Collins, Catherine Jauniaux, Myra Melford, Zeena Parkins, and Marc Ribot) and "Luck Water" in 1995 (with "third person" Kazutoki Umezu).

Cora performed with a number of other bands, including Nimal with Momo Rossel and post-rock quartet Roof. In 1990, he played two concerts with Dutch anarcho-punk band, The Ex, and the success of this collaboration resulted in Cora performing hundreds of concerts with The Ex and appearing on two of their CDs. In 1995 in The Netherlands, Cora and Frith collaborated, as Skeleton Crew, on "Etymology", a CD-ROM sound sample library of sonic sounds and wire manipulations.

Tom Cora died of malignant melanoma at the age of 44 in a hospital in the south of France, where he lived with his wife, singer Catherine Jauniaux, and their son, Elia Corra.

A month after Cora's death, a benefit concert in aid of his family was held at the Knitting Factory with appearances by Catherine Jauniaux, Fred Frith, George Cartwright, Zeena Parkins and others. A CD of this concert, "It's a Brand New Day – Live at the Knitting Factory", produced by John Zorn, was released on Knitting Factory Records in 2000. But the good intentions of all concerned were never realised when Knitting Factory Records was bought out and Jauniaux received no royalties from the sale of the CD.

John Zorn also compiled "Hallelujah, Anyway – Remembering Tom Cora", a two-CD set featuring a selection of recordings by Cora and some of the groups he recorded with, plus new recordings of Cora's compositions.

Cora appeared in Nicolas Humbert and Werner Penzel's 1990 documentary film on Fred Frith, "Step Across the Border", in which Cora and Frith are filmed rehearsing at The Kitchen, New York City in February 1989.

In addition to performing with other bands and musicians, Cora began a solo concert career in 1986. The prospect of managing a concert-length performance single-handedly was a challenge with risks, but he learnt to balance risk with intention and the results were solo performances across North America, Europe and Japan. Two live albums from some of these performances were released in 1987 and 1991.

While in The Netherlands, Cora spent two months at STEIM, the electro-acoustic research centre in Amsterdam, where he tailored a live sampling and triggering system to be played with his feet. He unveiled the system in a 25 concert solo tour in 1992. Unfortunately, the unique tailor-made instrument constructed at STEIM was later lost, forgotten on a train while touring Switzerland.

Besides performing, Cora composed music for the National Film Board of Canada, choreographer Donna Uchizono (for which he received a New York Dance and Performance Award in 1990), and a solo cello film score for Dziga Vertov's, "Man with the Movie Camera", commissioned by the American Museum of the Moving Image. In 1994 Cora was awarded a Meet the Composer Commissioning Grant to compose an ensemble score for "Man with the Movie Camera". It was performed at several North American venues and in Europe in 1996.

Tom Cora's cello was prepared, electronically modified and highly amplified. He developed the style of playing sawed chords and percussive riffs as if his cello was an electric guitar. He banged, scraped and twisted it and did whatever else was necessary to produce the sounds he wanted.

Cora explored non-idiomatic improvising and studied Turkish and Eastern European folk music. The influence of this folk music is evident in much of his work. Skeleton Crew once devoted an entire concert to playing only Eastern European folk tunes.

On stage, his presence was striking. Ed Baxter noted in his biography of Tom Cora:
Solo

Curlew

Skeleton Crew

The Ex 

Roof

Third Person

With others



</doc>
<doc id="695584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=695584" title="Pepper Adams">
Pepper Adams

Park Frederick "Pepper" Adams III (October 8, 1930 – September 10, 1986) was an American jazz baritone saxophonist and composer. He composed 42 pieces, was the leader on eighteen albums spanning 28 years, and participated in 600 sessions as a sideman. He worked with an array of musicians, and had especially fruitful collaborations with trumpeter Donald Byrd and as a member of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Big Band.

Pepper Adams was born in Highland Park, Michigan, to father Park Adams II and mother Cleo Marie Coyle. Both of his parents were college graduates, with each spending some time at the University of Michigan. Due to the onset of the Great Depression, Adams' parents separated to allow his father to find work without geographic dependence. In the fall of 1931 Adams moved with his mother to his extended family's farm near Columbia City, Indiana, where food and support were more readily available. In 1933 Adams began playing piano. His father having reunited with the family, they moved to Rochester, New York, in 1935 and in that city he began his musical efforts on tenor sax and clarinet. Two years later Adams began deepening his developing passion for music by listening to Fats Waller's daily radio show. He was also influenced at a young age by listening to Fletcher Henderson's big band radio broadcasts out of Nashville, Jimmie Lunceford, Duke Ellington, and Cab Calloway. Adams would later describe "[his] time up until the age of eight or so [as] really just traveling from one place to another". As early as 4th grade, Adams sold cigarettes and candy door-to-door in order to contribute to his family's income for essential items.

Adams' interest in performing further grew in 6th grade when the public school system offered a loaned musical instrument to any student who was interested, and further musical instruction if he could get into the school band. Initially Adams chose the trumpet, then the trombone, but eventually settled on the clarinet, which he played in the school band. The following year Adams attained his lifelong nickname of "Pepper" due to former St. Louis Cardinals star Pepper Martin signing on to manage and play for the hometown minor league team, the Rochester Red Wings. Adams' classmates saw a resemblance between the two, and the nickname stuck. Later in his career, Adams also attained the nickname "the Knife" for "his 'slashing and chopping technique', which had a humbling effect upon musicians fortunate enough to gig with him".

In 1943 Adams skipped school for a week in order to see Ellington play local gigs. He eventually met Rex Stewart, who further introduced him to Harry Carney and other band members. This led to Adams being able to take lessons from Skippy Williams, who was the tenor saxophonist in Ellington's band. Adams switched to the tenor saxophone in the fall of 1943 due to his jobs as a box cutter in the mail order room of a jazz store and an usher at a movie theater, which gave him enough money to buy the instrument. His job at the jazz store also allowed him to listen to all of the newest available jazz records and led to his emulation of Coleman Hawkins, who he had heard play locally in 1945, and interest in the music of Don Byas. Adams' first steady gig came in 1946 with a six-piece group led by Ben Smith, which then caused him to drop out of school in the 11th grade due to working six nights a week.

At age 16, Adams and his mother moved to Detroit, where he soon began playing with Willie Wells, who he had heard play for Fletcher Henderson, Fats Navarro, Tommy Flanagan, and Willie Anderson. He had received casual instruction from Wardell Gray and Billy Mitchell, and played with a group led by Little John Wilson as well. Through the employee discount from his job at Grinnell's, a music store in Detroit, Adams purchased what would become his main instrument: the baritone saxophone. He initially purchased a used Bundy baritone saxophone, but later traded it in for a new Selmer 'Balanced Action' E-flat baritone in 1948, which he used until 1978. This switch proved to be successful, as he was soon playing in Lucky Thompson's band. In Detroit, Adams also met several jazz musicians who would become future partners, including trumpeter Donald Byrd. He attended Wayne State University. Adams became interested in Wardell Gray's approach to the saxophone, later naming Gray and Harry Carney as his influences. He also spent time in a United States Army band, and briefly had a tour of duty in Korea.

Upon returning from Korea, Adams began playing at the Blue Bird Inn in Detroit where he played with Thad Jones under the leadership of Beans Richardson. When Jones left to play with Count Basie, Adams then became the music director at the Blue Bird. In late 1954 Adams left the Blue Bird to join Kenny Burrell's group at Klein's Show Bar, also in Detroit, where he would later become musical director following Burrell's departure. Following the recommendation of friend Oscar Pettiford, Adams joined the Stan Kenton Orchestra in 1956, where he played for a majority of the year until leaving the group to form a new ensemble with Lee Katzman and Mel Lewis in Los Angeles. Before moving to California, Adams also recorded with Kenny Clarke, Curtis Fuller, and Quincy Jones. In April 1957 Adams joined Chet Baker's group, where he played for about a year.

He later moved to New York City, where he played on the album "Dakar" with John Coltrane, played with Lee Morgan on "The Cooker", and briefly worked with Benny Goodman's band in 1958. During this time, Adams also began working with Charles Mingus, performing on one of Mingus's Atlantic albums of the period, "Blues & Roots", which includes Adams' extended solo on "Moanin'". Thereafter, he recorded with Mingus sporadically until the latter's death in 1979. Adams formed a quintet with Donald Byrd in 1958 that lasted until 1961. Following the breakup of the Donald Byrd–Pepper Adams Quintet, Adams lacked a consistent band association until 1965 and the formation of the Thad Jones–Pepper Adams Quintet. During this phase, he performed with the likes of Teddy Charles, Pony Poindexter, Marcus Belgrave, Thelonious Monk, and Lionel Hampton. In September 1963, Adams made an agreement with Motown Records for an exclusive recording contract and an exclusive management contract with International Talent Management, a Motown affiliate. Prior to signing with Motown, Adams turned down an offer from Harry James to play in his Las Vegas-based band because it was extremely commercial and presented few opportunities to solo, despite its $10,000 annual salary.

He later became a founding member of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Big Band, with whom he played from 1965 to 1976, and thereafter continued to record Jones's compositions on many of his own albums. Adams also co-led a quintet with Donald Byrd from 1958 to 1962, with whom he recorded a live date, "10 to 4 at the 5 Spot" (Riverside), featuring Elvin Jones, and a sequence of albums for Blue Note. During this time he also played with the Sal Salvador Big Band at the Diamond Beach Club in Wildwood, New Jersey, in August 1965, along with Teddy Charles in early 1966, and Ella Fitzgerald in 1967. Most of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Big Band performances took place at the Village Vanguard in New York City, along with many colleges and other locations around the United States, Europe, and Asia. The 18-year period spent with Thad Jones was filled with almost constant touring when the band was not playing their steady gig at the Village Vanguard. One of the ensemble's most frequent performing locations outside the United States was the Montmartre in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Adams' solo career began in 1977 in California, where he initially stayed with John and Ron Marabuto. He soon played gigs with Mingus, Baker, and Hampton, with whom he went on a two-month European tour in 1978. On March 18, 1978 Adams purchased a new Selmer baritone saxophone that served as his interim back-up instrument for his original saxophone that he had been using since 1948. In 1979 Adams played several gigs with Per Husby across Norway. On June 5, 1980, the Berg Larsen mouthpiece Adams had been using for 32 years finally broke, which led him to replace it with a Dukoff D-5 mouthpiece and a Bari plastic reed. The following day Adams premiered his new set-up at One Step Down in Washington, D.C.

Adams began composing "Urban Dreams" on July 29, 1980, on a flight to London for a short European tour. Adams finally replaced his original Selmer B-flat 'Balanced Action' baritone saxophone in December 1980 after 31 years of use. In 1981 Adams performed with Rein de Graaff's trio, the Per Husby Trio, and the Franco D'Andrea Trio for three short European tours. When in New York City, Adams performed at Fat Tuesday's several times during this period of his career, one of which, "Live at Fat Tuesday's", earned him a Grammy nomination in 1984 for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance as a Soloist. In later years, Adams toured England and continental Europe several times, performing there with local rhythm sections, and he performed with a Count Basie tribute band at the Grande Parade du Jazz in Nice.

Adams' life was severely altered by the leg injury he sustained in December 1983, which was caused by his car's parking brake becoming disengaged on his slanted driveway. This led the car to pin Adams up against his garage door, crushing his leg and restricting him to bed rest for the following five months. Despite the long recovery from his injury, Adams began playing again and exhibited his love for performing in October 1984 by flying from New York City all the way to Singapore for a one-night gig, then returning two days later. He eventually regained the strength in his leg to move without the use of a wheelchair or cane in January 1985, after more than a year of recovery.

While in Sweden in March 1985, Adams visited a chest specialist at the suggestion of a friend, Gunnar Windahl, and was diagnosed with lung cancer. He was hospitalized for testing later that month in New York, then was forced to take a break from performing or traveling for two months that summer in order to undergo radiation treatments. A benefit concert was held for Adams on September 29, 1985, in New York City that featured Dizzy Gillespie, Frank Foster, Kenny Burrell, Tommy Flanagan, and the Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra, among others. Despite his various health issues, Adams continued pushing himself professionally, which was exemplified by his stretch in Dublin, Ireland, April 4–6, 1986, when he played five gigs over three days with five different bands.

Adams was diagnosed with pleurisy in April 1986 and died of lung cancer in Brooklyn, New York, on September 10, 1986. His final performance took place on July 2, 1986, at the Spectrum in Montreal as part of the Montreal Jazz Festival. Before counting off the first song, he received a strong standing ovation from the crowd.

Pepper Adams was in many ways the antithesis of contemporary baritone players Gerry Mulligan and Serge Chaloff, who favored melodic cool jazz. In contrast, Adams managed to bring the cumbersome baritone into the blisteringly fast speeds of hard bop. Gary Carner, Adams's biographer, described his style as having "very long, tumbling, double-time melodic lines. And that raw, piercing, bark-like timbre." Adams "succeeded in elevating [the baritone saxophone] to the level of all other solo instruments [with] blinding speed, penetrating timbre, distinctive sound, harmonic ingenuity, precise articulation, confident time-feel, and use of melodic paraphrase". Throughout his career, Adams consistently chose musical expression over large paychecks, as "[he] repeatedly recalled with great satisfaction his decision to play [in groups focused on musical expression] rather than to change his style to secure better paying jobs with now little-known white musicians". A large part of Adams' appeal was that "[he] had the remarkable ability to blow low with enormous power and swing, becoming a hefty addition to big band reed sections. He also was an equally dominant voice in small groups, adding ferocious excitement and stamina".

Despite his prowess at hard bop, Adams was also adept at ballads and slower numbers. An example is his contribution to the album "Chet" (1958) including a solo on the bittersweet "Alone Together" that critic Dave Nathan described as "one of the album's high points".

He won "Down Beat"'s New Star award in 1957 and was named baritone soloist of the year for 1980. Adams was nominated three times for a Grammy Award, including nominations for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance as a Soloist for "Reflectory" in 1979 and Best Jazz Soloist for "The Master". In the 1975 "Playboy" magazine annual music poll, he was named an All Star's All-Star. In 1967 Adams received the Talent Deserving of Wider Recognition award from "Down Beat". From 1979 to 1982 Adams won the award for best baritone saxophonist from "Down Beat"s International Jazz Critics' Poll on four consecutive occasions, something Adams attributed to his frequent touring of Europe throughout his career. In December 1982 Adams won the "Down Beat" Readers' Poll award for the best baritone saxophonist in the world, unseating Gerry Mulligan, who had held that distinction since 1953.


With Ray Alexander

With Mose Allison

With Gene Ammons

With Chet Baker

With Walter Bishop Jr.
With Joshua Breakstone
With Ray Bryant

With Donald Byrd

With Hank Crawford

With Richard Davis

With Maynard Ferguson

With Jimmy Forrest

With Curtis Fuller

With Red Garland

With Dizzy Gillespie

With Bobby Hackett

With Johnny Hammond

With Barry Harris

With Elvin Jones

With Philly Joe Jones

With Quincy Jones

With The Thad Jones/ Mel Lewis Orchestra

With Stan Kenton 

With Peter Leitch

With Herbie Mann 

With Arif Mardin

With Howard McGhee

With Helen Merrill

With Charles Mingus

With Blue Mitchell

With The Mitchells: Red Mitchell, Whitey Mitchell, Blue Mitchell and André Previn

With Hank Mobley
With Thelonious Monk


With Lee Morgan

With Oliver Nelson

With Duke Pearson

With Houston Person

With Pony Poindexter

With Shorty Rogers

With A. K. Salim 

With Lalo Schifrin

With Ben Sidran

With Dakota Staton

With Idrees Sulieman

With Toots Thielemans

With Mickey Tucker

With Stanley Turrentine

With Jimmy Witherspoon

With Joe Zawinul



</doc>
<doc id="695585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=695585" title="Jaki Byard">
Jaki Byard

John Arthur "Jaki" Byard (June 15, 1922 – February 11, 1999) was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist, composer and arranger. Mainly a pianist, he also played tenor and alto saxophones, among several other instruments. He was known for his eclectic style, incorporating everything from ragtime and stride to free jazz.

Byard played with trumpeter Maynard Ferguson in the late 1950s and early 1960s, and was a member of bands led by bassist Charles Mingus for several years, including on several studio and concert recordings. The first of his recordings as a leader was in 1960, but, despite being praised by critics, his albums and performances did not gain him much wider attention. In his 60-year career, Byard recorded at least 35 albums as leader, and more than 50 as a sideman. Byard's influence on the music comes from his combining of musical styles during performance, and his parallel career in teaching.

From 1969 Byard was heavily involved in jazz education: he began teaching at the New England Conservatory of Music and went on to work at several other music institutions, as well as having private students. He continued performing and recording, mainly in solo and small group settings, but he also led two big bands – one made up of some of his students, and the other of professional musicians. His death, from a single gunshot while in his home, remains an unsolved mystery.

Byard was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. At that time, his parents – John Sr and Geraldine Garr – were living at 47 Clayton Street. Both of his parents played musical instruments; his mother played the piano, as did his uncles and grandmother, the last playing in cinemas during the silent film era. He began piano lessons at the age of six, but they ended when his family was affected by the Great Depression. He was also given a trumpet that belonged to his father, and attempted to copy the popular players of the time, Roy Eldridge and Walter Fuller. As a boy he often walked to Lake Quinsigamond to listen to bands performing there. He heard Benny Goodman, Lucky Millinder, Fats Waller, and Chick Webb, and listened to other bands of the era on the radio. "Those were the things that inspired me – I guess it stuck with me", he commented decades later.
Byard began playing professionally on piano at the age of 16, in bands led by Doc Kentross and Freddy Bates. His early lessons had involved mostly playing by rote, so his development of knowledge of theory and further piano technique occurred from the late 1930s until 1941, including studying harmony at Commerce High School. In that year he was drafted into the army, where he continued with piano lessons and was influenced by pianist Ernie Washington, with whom he was barracked, although Byard also took up trombone at this time. He also studied Stravinsky and Chopin, and continued studying classical composers into the 1960s. Part of his military service was in Florida, where he was a mentor to the young saxophonist Cannonball Adderley and his brother, Nat. After leaving the army in 1946, Byard's musical education continued, through discussions with others, and using library materials combined with music school syllabuses.

Byard played with bands from the Boston area, including for two years with violinist Ray Perry, who encouraged Byard to add tenor saxophone to his array of instruments. He then joined Earl Bostic's band as pianist in 1947 and they toured for around a year. Byard then formed a bebop band with Joe Gordon and Sam Rivers in Boston, before touring for a year with a stage show band. Back once more in Boston, he had a regular job for three years with Charlie Mariano in a club in nearby Lynn. They recorded together in 1953. Byard was a member of Herb Pomeroy's band as a tenor saxophonist from 1952 to 1955, and recorded with him in 1957. Byard also played solo piano in Boston in the early to mid-1950s and freelanced in that area later in the same decade. He joined Maynard Ferguson in 1959, and stayed until 1962. As one of Ferguson's players and arrangers, Byard found that his own preference for experimentation in time signatures, harmony and freer improvisation was restricted by the preferences of other band members.

Byard moved to New York City in the early 1960s. His first recording as a leader, the solo piano "Blues for Smoke", was recorded there on December 16, 1960 (but not released in the United States until 1988). Also in 1960, Byard first played with the bassist Charles Mingus. He recorded extensively with Mingus in the period 1962–64 (including on the important albums on Impulse! Records – "Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus" and "The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady"), and toured Europe with him in 1964. Byard also made recordings as a sideman between 1960 and 1966 with Eric Dolphy, Booker Ervin, Roland Kirk, and Rivers. His performance on Dolphy's "Outward Bound" put Byard at the forefront of modern jazz.

As a leader, Byard recorded a string of albums for the Prestige label during the 1960s. Some of these albums included Richard Davis on bass and Alan Dawson on drums, a trio combination described by critic Gary Giddins as "the most commanding rhythm section of the '60s, excepting the Hancock-Carter-Williams trio in Miles Davis's band", although it existed only for recordings. One such album was "Jaki Byard with Strings!", a sextet recording that featured Byard's composing and arranging: on "Cat's Cradle Conference Rag", each of five musicians "play five standards based on similar harmonies simultaneously". A further example of Byard's sometimes unusual approach to composition is the title track from "Out Front!", which he created by thinking of fellow pianist Herbie Nichols' touch at the keyboard. Popularity with jazz critics did not translate into wider success: a "Washington Post" review of his final Prestige album, "Solo Piano" from 1969, remarked that it was by "a man who has been largely ignored outside the inner circles". Giddins also commented in the 1970s on the lack of attention that Byard had received, and stated that the pianist's recordings from 1960 to 1972 "are dazzling in scope, and for his ability to make the most of limited situations". Following his time with Prestige, Byard had more solo performances, in part because of his affection for musical partners he had become close to but who had then died.

Byard also continued to play and record with other leaders. While in Europe in 1965, he joined Art Blakey's band for a series of concerts there. In 1967 Byard played in a small group with drummer Elvin Jones. Between 1966 and 1969 Byard recorded three albums with the saxophonist Eric Kloss, then, in 1970, returned to Mingus' band, including for performances in Europe. Byard occasionally substituted on piano in Duke Ellington's orchestra in 1974 when the leader was unwell. In 1974–75 Byard had a residency at Bradley’s in New York. He also fronted a big band, the Apollo Stompers, which was formed in the late 1970s. There were two versions of the band: one made up of musicians in New York, and the other using students from the New England Conservatory of Music, where Byard had taught from 1969.

In 1980 Byard was the subject of a short documentary film, "Anything for Jazz", which featured him playing, teaching and with his family. By the 1980s his main instrument remained the piano, and he still played both alto and tenor saxophones, but he had stopped playing the other instruments that he used to use professionally – bass, drums, guitar, trombone, and trumpet, although he still taught all of them. In the same period, he was often heard in New York playing solo, in duos, or in trios. In 1988 he played with a band founded by Mingus' widow to perform the bassist's compositions – the Mingus Big Band. Byard played and recorded with a former student of his, Ricky Ford, from 1989 to 1991, and continued to play and teach during the 1990s.

Byard was a charter faculty member at the New England Conservatory of Music, helping to establish its jazz studies program, initially named 'Afro-American Music'; he stayed for more than 15 years. He also taught at the Hartt School of Music from 1975, the Manhattan School of Music from 1989 to 1999, the New School for Jazz and Contemporary Music, and lectured for three years at Harvard University.

As teacher and player, Byard was renowned for his knowledge of the history of jazz piano. This meant that some aspiring young musicians sought him out as a teacher. One of these was pianist Jason Moran, who described their first meeting, at a performance by the Apollo Stompers: Jaki had all these toys and whistles and bells and things that he was playing from the piano, and also screaming and yelling from the piano in joy. I remember thinking, 'This guy's out of his mind.' After the set, I went up to him, introduced myself, and said that I would be studying with him. He said something to the effect of, 'get ready'. Moran studied with Byard for four years, and credits the older man with developing his skills, building his awareness of jazz history, and creating his willingness to experiment with different styles. Another student, Fred Hersch, reported that Byard was both organized and chaotic as a teacher: giving his students worksheets and having them study early stride piano, but also behaving eccentrically and missing lessons. Classical composer Bruce Wolosoff was taught by Byard at the New England Conservatory and counts him as an important influence.

Jazz flautist Jamie Baum also studied with Byard, and after his death organized a tribute band consisting mainly of his students: Baum, Adam Kolker, Jerome Harris, George Schuller and Ugonna Okegwo, called Yard Byard or The Jaki Byard Project, using compositions Byard had left with Baum but never performed.

Byard died in his home in Hollis, Queens, New York City, of a gunshot wound on February 11, 1999. He was shot once in the head. The police reported that Byard's family, with whom he shared the house, last saw him at 6 pm, that he was killed around 10 pm, that there "were no signs of robbery, forced entry or a struggle", and that no weapon was found. The death was soon declared to be a homicide, but the circumstances surrounding it have not been determined, and the case remains unsolved.

Byard was survived by two daughters, a son, four grandchildren, and six greatgrandchildren. His wife of four decades had died five years earlier.

Giddins described the nature of Byard's piano playing: "His tone [...] is unfailingly bright. His middle-register improvisations are evenly articulated with a strong touch and rhythmic elan [... he] likes ringing tremolos and portentous fifths [... and] barely articulated keyboard washes that float beyond the harmonic bounds but are ultimately anchored by the blues". Byard played in a variety of styles, often mixed together in one performance: John S. Wilson commented that Byard "progresses from a basic melodic statement to nimble Art Tatum fingering to Fats Waller stride, to prickly Thelonious Monk phrases, to Cecil Taylor dissonances". This could have deliberately comic, surrealistic effects.

Byard pointed out that the use of humor did not mean that his music was not serious: "I might do it with humor, but it's still serious because I mean what I'm doing". He stated that his choice to play in a variety of styles was not imitatory or superficial: "I can't play one way all night; I wouldn't want to and I wouldn't want the public to hear me that way". One obituary writer noted that, "Nobody thinks it odd if a pianist underpins melody with stride patterns or a boogie bass. When Byard did that 30 years ago, distinctions were drawn more tightly". Music writer Dan Lander also stated that Byard's playing was ahead of its time, and added that it has influenced 21st-century pianists: Byard's grasp and integration of historical forms, his ability to embrace tradition and risk taking, was visionary, impacting on a new generation of jazz musicians who understood the history of jazz as a material to build on and work with, at the service of creating something new, rather than as an unmovable weight, fixing them to the past.

A 1968 review of a Byard concert reported that his alto saxophone playing was "in a manner rooted in the bop era", and that he occasionally accompanied himself, "saxophone with his left hand, piano with his right". His playing on tenor saxophone was influenced by Lester Young; Byard himself cited Ben Webster as an influence on his tenor ballad playing.

Byard plays only piano, unless otherwise noted.

An asterisk (*) indicates that the year is that of release.

Sources:

Bibliography



</doc>
<doc id="702521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=702521" title="Carl Allen (drummer)">
Carl Allen (drummer)

Carl Allen (born April 25, 1961) is an American jazz drummer.

Allen attended William Paterson University.

He has worked with a wide variety of musicians, including Freddie Hubbard, Jackie McLean, George Coleman, Phil Woods, the Benny Green Trio and Rickie Lee Jones.

It was with Green that Allen met bassist Christian McBride. The two have teamed up frequently, working for many combos of big name leaders. McBride recruited Allen for his band, Christian McBride & Inside Straight. Allen is that quintet's drummer for both its first recording, "Kinda Brown", and its road tours.

In 1988 Allen and Vincent Herring founded Big Apple Productions, which produced several albums featuring young jazz performers.

He joined the faculty of The Juilliard School in 2001, and became the Artistic Director of Jazz Studies in 2008. He was replaced as director by Wynton Marsalis in 2013, and left Juilliard at the end of the academic year.

In 2011, Allen appeared as himself in two episodes of the HBO series "Tremé", in a studio recording scene in New York City.

In 2014, he formed his own group, The Art of Elvin to pay tribute to Art Blakey and Elvin Jones. The band debuted at the Percussive Arts Society (PAS) conference in Indianapolis, Indiana with Allen on drums, Freddie Hendrix (trumpet), Tivon Pennicott (tenor sax), Xavier Davis (piano), Yasushi Nakamura (bass).


Collaborations

Co-led with Rodney Whitaker

With Manhattan Project

With Arkadia Jazz All Stars

With Don Braden
With Donald Brown
With Donald Byrd
With Cyrus Chestnut

With Art Farmer

With Dan Faulk
With Ricky Ford
With Benny Golson
With the Benny Green Trio
With Vincent Herring
With Freddie Hubbard

With Jackie McLean

With Dewey Redman

With Woody Shaw

With Phil Woods

With Eliane Elias

With Christian McBride



</doc>
<doc id="711844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711844" title="Carl Fontana">
Carl Fontana

Carl Charles Fontana (July 18, 1928 - October 9, 2003) was an American jazz trombonist. After working in the big bands of Woody Herman, Lionel Hampton, and Stan Kenton, he devoted most of his career to playing music in Las Vegas.

His first break into the professional jazz scene came in 1951 when he was hired to stand in for one of Woody Herman's regular trombonists, Urbie Green. When Green returned, Herman kept Fontana on as a permanent member of the band.

After three years with Herman, Fontana joined Lionel Hampton's big band in 1954. In early 1955 he played briefly with Hal McIntyre and Chicago pianist and Playboy executive, Sam Distefano at Sam's Miami nightclub, The Stut 'n' Tut. He later joined Stan Kenton's big band. Fontana recorded three albums with Kenton and worked with trombonist Kai Winding during this period.

After 1958, Fontana would tour rarely, such as a 1966 tour of Africa with Herman's band sponsored by the U.S. State Department. He primarily performed with house orchestras in Las Vegas during the 1960s, particularly Paul Anka's band (with Frank Rosolino). He also performed in bands backing Sammy Davis Jr., Tony Bennett, Wayne Newton, and the Benny Goodman orchestra.

In the 1970s, he continued performing in house orchestras and lounges in Las Vegas. He also recorded with Louie Bellson, Bill Watrous, and Supersax. It was not until 1975 that Fontana recorded an album as an ensemble co-leader. He shared the billing for this record, "The Hanna-Fontana Band: Live at Concord" (Concord Jazz) with drummer Jake Hanna. Fontana toured in Japan with this ensemble. In 1978 he was featured on the jazz trombone recording "Bobby Knight's Great American Trombone Company", with Charles Loper, Lew McCreary, Frank Rosolino, Phil Teele, and Bobby Knight.

In the 1980s, he appeared regularly on National Public Radio's "Monday Night Jazz" program. His first album as a headliner was "The Great Fontana" (Uptown Jazz, 1985).

In 2001 he joined The West Coast All Stars and played a concert in Stuttgart, Germany. He was joined by Conte Candoli, Teddy Edwards, Pete Jolly, Chuck Berghofer, and Joe LaBarbera. He was featured on the song "If I Only Had a Brain", from the movie "The Wizard of Oz".

Fontana died October 9, 2003, in Las Vegas, Nevada, at age of 75 after suffering from Alzheimer's disease.


With Louie Bellson

With Max Bennett

With Conte Candoli

With Woody Herman

With Stan Kenton

With Yank Lawson, Bob Haggart

With Tommy Vig

With Kai Winding

With others



</doc>
<doc id="711847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=711847" title="Frank Rosolino">
Frank Rosolino

Frank Rosolino (August 20, 1926 – November 26, 1978) was an American jazz trombonist.

Born in Detroit, Michigan, United States, Frank Rosolino studied the guitar with his father from the age of nine. He took up the trombone at age 14 while he was enrolled at Miller High School, where he played with Milt Jackson in the school's stage band and small group. He did not graduate. He joined the 86th Division Army Band during World War II.

Following his time in the Army, he returned home to Detroit. He performed in the Mirror Ballroom or the Bluebird with other musicians, such as Kenny Burrell, Paul Chambers, Tommy Flanagan, and the Jones brothers, Hank, Thad, and Elvin). He played with Charlie Parker in the 3 Deuces on 52nd Street in New York City.

During these years Rosolino was also performing with the big bands of Bob Chester, Glen Gray, Tony Pastor, Herbie Fields, Gene Krupa, and Stan Kenton. After a period with Kenton he settled in Los Angeles, where he performed with Howard Rumsey's Lighthouse All-Stars (1954–1960) in Hermosa Beach.

Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, between nightclub engagements, Rosolino was active in many Los Angeles recording studios where he performed with such notables as Frank Sinatra, Sarah Vaughan, Tony Bennett, Peggy Lee, Mel Tormé, Michel Legrand, and Quincy Jones. In the mid-to-late 1960s he and fellow trombonist Mike Barone, billed as "Trombones Unlimited," recorded for Liberty Records several albums of pop-style arrangements of current hits, such as the 1968 album "Grazing in the Grass." He can also be seen performing with Shelly Manne's group in the film "I Want to Live!" (1958) starring Susan Hayward, and also in "Sweet Smell of Success" (1957) with Burt Lancaster and Tony Curtis. He was a regular on "The Steve Allen Show" and a guest artist on "The Tonight Show" and "The Merv Griffin Show". Rosolino was a talented vocalist, renowned for his wild form of scat-singing, notably on Gene Krupa's hit record, "Lemon Drop". He recorded one vocal album, "Turn Me Loose!", featuring both his singing and trombone playing. He can also be seen performing in the half-hour syndicated program "Jazz Scene USA", hosted by Oscar Brown, Jr.

It was during the 1970s that Rosolino performed and toured with Quincy Jones and the Grammy Award winning group Supersax.

Rosolino's private life was highly troubled. On November 26, 1978, Rosolino shot both of his sons as they slept. One died instantly; the other survived, but was blinded. Rosolino shot himself in the head immediately after shooting his sons and died.


With Georgie Auld
With Chet Baker
With Elmer Bernstein
With Buddy Bregman
With Conte Candoli
With Benny Carter
With Buddy Collette
With June Christy
With Bob Cooper
With Paulinho Da Costa
With Victor Feldman
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Benny Golson
With Quincy Jones
With Stan Kenton
With Barney Kessel
With Johnny Mandel 
 With Shelly Manne
With Gerry Mulligan 
With Shorty Rogers
With Pete Rugolo
With Moacir Santos
With Lalo Schifrin
With Bud Shank 
With Horace Silver 
With Zoot Sims
With Sonny Stitt 




</doc>
<doc id="719096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=719096" title="Omar Rodríguez-López">
Omar Rodríguez-López

Omar Alfredo Rodríguez-López (born September 1, 1975) is an American guitarist, songwriter, producer and filmmaker. He is known for being the guitarist and band-leader of The Mars Volta from 2001 until their breakup in 2012, and is the guitarist for the alternative rock groups At the Drive-In, Antemasque and Bosnian Rainbows. He was also the bassist for the dub band De Facto. He has embarked on a solo career, both in studio and in concert, frequently described as experimental, avant-garde and/or progressive. He has collaborated with numerous artists spanning from John Frusciante to El-P.

Rodríguez-López was born in Puerto Rico and grew up in El Paso, Texas, and spent some of his childhood in South Carolina. He began playing the bass at age 12, but then switched to guitar at 15 because he "needed more strings". It was during this time that Rodríguez-López met Cedric Bixler-Zavala while practicing with friend Paul Hinojos. Since then Rodríguez-López has spent most of his career living and working with his close friend Bixler-Zavala. During this time he frequently collaborated with his friends and future bandmates from El Paso, which included people such as Paul Hinojos, Cedric Bixler-Zavala, Julio Venegas and the late Jeremy Michael Ward. He attended Coronado High School in El Paso. He says he enjoys the company of his close friends and family when not fulfilling obligations to his many bands and projects. Rodríguez-López has been a vegetarian for most of his life.

At 17, Rodríguez-López left El Paso to hitchhike around the country for a year in the early 1990s, during which he acquired an addiction to opiates. Eventually he got in touch with friend Cedric Bixler-Zavala who suggested he come back to El Paso. With the help of Bixler-Zavala, he was able to return to El Paso where he could begin to reclaim his life from addiction and join At the Drive-In as backup vocalist and bass guitarist. After receiving a record deal with Flipside Records and recording "Acrobatic Tenement" with the band, he became their full-time bassist before switching to guitar. After several years and two more critically acclaimed albums, for a variety of reasons, Rodríguez-López and Bixler-Zavala left At the Drive-In and the band went on "indefinite hiatus". The remaining members, Paul Hinojos, Tony Hajjar, and Jim Ward went on to form Sparta while the duo focused on other projects.

On January 9, 2012, At the Drive-In announced that they were reforming for a tour.

They refocused their efforts on the dub outfit called De Facto which also included Jeremy Michael Ward and Isaiah "Ikey" Owens which they had started years before while still in At the Drive-In. Eventually the same collective of musicians in De Facto would be expanded into Rodríguez-López's new band, The Mars Volta. Once again starting from scratch he wrote and toured with the band which consumed almost all his time and money.

On May 25, 2003 less than a month before the release of their first full-length album, "De-Loused in the Comatorium", bandmate and close friend Jeremy Ward was found dead of a heroin overdose. This event, coupled with the memories of the suicide of his friend Julio Venegas years earlier, finally convinced both him and Bixler-Zavala to quit using opiates. Since then he has been clean and credited his newfound musical work ethic on his new lifestyle. The Mars Volta's second album, "Frances the Mute", would later be dedicated to Ward.

During the early years of the band he also worked on a low budget movie called "A Manual Dexterity" which starred Jeremy Ward. The soundtrack "" was released in 2004. The release of the second volume, which was originally planned for Spring of 2005, and the film were both delayed indefinitely due to legal problems. Conflicts over ownership of certain footage and Rodríguez-López's reluctance to revisit the project which featured his late friend Jeremy Michael Ward were both cited as reasons for the delay. However, Rodríguez-López stated that he does intend to release both Volume 2 and the film at some point in the future.

On February 8, 2009, he and his fellow Mars Volta bandmates won the Grammy for Best Hard Rock Performance.

On January 23, 2013, the Mars Volta officially announced that they had broken up, following a series of tweets posted by Cedric Bixler-Zavala stating that he had departed the band. Their future was uncertain at this point, although Rodriguez-Lopez has not ruled out the possibility of reuniting in the future.

In 2005 Rodríguez-López relocated to Amsterdam, where he eventually wrote and recorded four separate albums. His first solo project was the "Omar Rodríguez-López Quintet". Rodríguez-López played several live shows in Europe with his quintet, which in 2005 also included three members of the Mars Volta Group (Juan Alderete, Marcel Rodríguez-López and Adrián Terrazas-González) and Money Mark.

The songs featured on this tour later appeared on the album "Omar Rodriguez". It was characterized by long, improvisational songs with Dutch titles and no lyrics. The Quintet also performed live with Damo Suzuki, parts of which were recorded and incorporated into a 25-minute EP titled Please Heat This Eventually, which was released in 2007.

During this time Rodríguez-López was also working on the Mars Volta's 2006 record "Amputechture" and composing the score to the film "El Búfalo de la Noche" simultaneously to his work with the quintet.

On May 29, 2007, "Se Dice Bisonte, No Búfalo" was released. It was the third full-length solo album by Rodríguez-López. It featured performances by Mars Volta members Cedric Bixler-Zavala, Marcel Rodríguez-López, Juan Alderete, Adrián Terrazas-González as well as cameos by Money Mark, John Frusciante, and John Theodore. It was written and recorded between 2005–2006 in California and Amsterdam.

The Quintet later resurfaced in 2007, now known as "The Rodríguez-López Group" to perform on the "white" stage at the Fuji Rock Festival in Japan on July 28. Performing with the group for the first time were singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala and drummer Thomas Pridgen.

On October 8, 2007 the EP "Omar Rodriguez-Lopez & Lydia Lunch", a collaboration with spoken word poet Lydia Lunch, was released. "The Apocalypse Inside of an Orange" is a double LP featuring the original quintet and was released on vinyl November 20, 2007. It was also released for digital download. "Calibration", a record that Rodríguez-López recorded during his stay in Amsterdam, was released February 5, 2008. It was described as being influenced by electronic music and acid-jazz.

On June 10, 2008 a recording titled "Omar Rodriguez-Lopez & Jeremy Michael Ward" was released. It was a collaboration between the two and was recorded in 2001 before the formation of The Mars Volta. The LP consists of various ambient tracks based on field recordings in the musique concrète tradition. Rodríguez-López has continued to release a series of albums recorded in 2001 which include "Absence Makes the Heart Grow Fungus" and "Minor Cuts and Scrapes in the Bushes Ahead", both released in late 2008.

Another new album, "Old Money" was released in October 2008, with a vinyl version becoming available in early 2009 on the Stones Throw record label. Sonny Kay, co-owner of the former Gold Standard Labs label with Omar, created the album covers (and has done so for the majority of future Omar releases). Two Omar Rodríguez-López solo albums were released in Europe on January 26, 2009 from the Netherlands-based record label Willie Anderson Recordings: "Megaritual" and "Despair". "Despair" is best described as a field recording, while "Megaritual" is a collaboration jam between Omar and his brother, Marcel Rodríguez-López.

In mid-2009, a new entity has been created called El Grupo Nuevo de Omar Rodriguez Lopez ("the New Omar Rodriguez-Lopez Group") to release the first in a series of three recordings completed in 2006. Thus far these recordings have only been known as the "Omar and Zach Hill collaborations". The first recording titled "Cryptomnesia" was released on May 5, 2009. Vocals written and performed by Bixler-Zavala were recorded in 2008. The lineup for this entity is: Omar Rodríguez-López on guitar, Cedric Bixler-Zavala on vocals, Zach Hill on drums, Jonathan Hischke on synth bass, and Juan Alderete on bass.

The Omar Rodriguez-Lopez Group toured Europe in March 2009, supported by Zechs Marquise.

At the end of 2009, Rodríguez-López released three albums, "Los Sueños de un Hígado", "Xenophanes" and "Solar Gambling" digitally through Rodríguez-López Productions. While "Xenophanes" was also released on CD and vinyl, "Los Suenos De Un Higado" and "Solar Gambling" only had a limited vinyl release. Rodríguez-López also created a video for "Asco Que Conmueve los Puntos Erógenos", from "Xenophanes", and posted it on YouTube on November 30, 2009.

In January 2010, "Ciencia de los Inútiles" was released under a new group, El Trio de Omar Rodriguez-Lopez. The trio features Rodríguez-López on acoustic guitar, Ximena Sariñana on vocals and Aaron Cruz on upright bass. A video for "Miércoles" was also released. In May 2010, he released a collaboration titled "Omar Rodriguez-Lopez & John Frusciante" with John Frusciante, free of charge through his website, with the option to donate. All money raised will go to the Keep Music in Schools programs. On May 30, 2010, the album "Sepulcros de Miel" by Omar Rodriguez-Lopez Quartet was digitally released, which also featured Frusciante.

The album "Tychozorente" was scheduled for release on November 1, 2010; however, it received an early release on September 14, 2010 as a digital download. Another album, titled "Cizaña de los Amores", was digitally released on October 11, 2010. CD and vinyl versions of both albums are only available in Europe. "Mantra Hiroshima", another Omar and Zach Hill collaboration, was digitally released on November 29, followed next day by "Dōitashimashite", album of live material recorded in September during the Omar Rodriguez-Lopez Group's first US tour. A video for "Agua Dulce de Pulpo" from the upcoming album "Un Escorpión Perfumado" was also released during that period, and the album itself was released on December 20 in digital form, with CD and vinyl versions to follow.

On April 16, 2011, Omar released "Telesterion" a compilation album featuring 38 songs from Omar's solo albums. Although this has been the only release of 2011, other projects have been hinted at, such as "Двойственность вздохов" (Russian for "Duality of Sighs"), a documentary about the Omar Rodriguez-Lopez Group's Russian mini-tour, directed by Omar and shot by Paco Ibarra. The Vinyl edition of "Telesterion" also contained artwork for 6 solo albums that have yet to be released, and featured a new track, "Cásate Colmillo", off of an album supposedly titled "The Somnambulis."

On July 7, 2016, Ipecac Records announced that they are going to release 12 albums by Omar, fortnightly, till December 2016. They were recorded in the period 2008-2013 and one featured The Mars Volta line-up and a guest appearance by John Frusciante. The first album "Sworn Virgins" was released digitally on July 15, 2016, and featured the single "To Kill A Chi Chi". Recorded in El Paso and Zapopan, the titles include "Sworn Virgins, Corazones, Blind Worms Pious Swine, Arañas En La Sombra, Umbrella Mistress, El Bien Y Mal Nos Une, Cell Phone Bikini, Infinity Drips, Weekly Mansions, Zapopan, Nom De Guerre Cabal, Some Need It Lonely".

On April 8, 2014, Omar announced a new musical project called Antemasque with former At the Drive-In and Mars Volta bandmates Cedric Bixler-Zavala (vocals) and David Elitch (drums) as well as Flea, the bassist for the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The group released their first song, "4AM". Flea said that Antemasque is a project between Omar and Cedric, and that he is only a contributing artist.

In 2012, with Mars Volta going on hiatus, Rodrigues Lopez formed a solo band that eventually took the name Bosnian Rainbows. It consists of Deantoni Parks (drums, keyboards), Teri Gender Bender (vocals) and Nicci Kasper (keyboards). They released one self-titled album in June 2013. , both Bosnian Rainbows & Antemasque have essentially been put on hold due to touring commitments of At the Drive-In.

Aside from music, Rodríguez-López is also involved in filmmaking and photography. Beginning in his At the Drive-in days he started to document all kinds of things: live shows, sound checks, dressing rooms, hotels, airport lounges, sightseeing, encounters with colleagues. Since 2001 he produced a large number of films, of which "The Sentimental Engine Slayer" was the first to be released. Rodríguez-López wrote, directed, produced and starred in the film, which was premiered at the International Film Festival Rotterdam in February 2010 and saw the DVD release in January 2013. Another film directed by Omar, "Los Chidos", was premiered in March 2012 at SXSW. Furthermore, Rodríguez-López and Hans Zimmer worked together to compose the score for the 2009 Guillermo Arriaga film "The Burning Plain". The film was his second collaboration with the writer/director after scoring the 2007 film "El Búfalo de la Noche" with the Mars Volta; in addition to some original material, the score also includes material used in "Amputechture". Rodríguez-López's first photo book, "Hunters in High Heels" documenting the years from 2000 to 2006, was slated to release in 2013 but was since postponed indefinitely due to unknown reasons.

Rodríguez-López's compositional and playing style is characterized by, among other factors, riffs, melodies based in minor modes, changing meters, unresolving dissonances (in particular a heavy use of the tritone), chromatic passages, and lengthy improvisation. He is also known for his vast array of effects pedals; in a feature appearing in Guitar World, Rodríguez-López stated that he "began to see effects as allies in my war against the guitar". In that interview he also stated that he hated the guitar for a very long time. He only utilized it because it was the instrument his bandmates could "relate to". He said he "wrestled" guitar by adding effects and playing oddly to attempt "making it sound like anything besides this thing I hate—the guitar!". However, he claimed to feel more comfortable with the instrument on "Amputechture".

Rodríguez-López plays guitar left-handed. He has cited salsa pianist and bandleader Larry Harlow as his primary influence. Both Rodríguez-López and bandmate Cedric Bixler-Zavala have recorded with former Can lead singer Damo Suzuki for the "Please Heat This Eventually" EP. In the progressive rock genre in which the Mars Volta are often categorized, he has professed that he "like[s] a lot of those groups, particularly King Crimson and early Genesis." As such, he has cited his main and clearest influence Frank Zappa, Crimson's Robert Fripp, jazz fusion guitarist John McLaughlin as well as hardcore punk and hard rock guitarists Greg Ginn and Jimi Hendrix respectively. He has also stated that film is a primary influence on him, likening his recording style to that of a film director, where the "scenes are shot out of sequence and the final creation is in the hands of the director.".

Omar has endorsed Ibanez guitars since the Mars Volta's inception in 2001. Previously he used Squier Super-Sonic guitars while playing with At the Drive-In. He also recorded "De-Loused in the Comatorium" with a Gibson SG II from the early 1970s which he also used in live improv shows with Flea and John Frusciante. In 2008, Ibanez released the ORM-1 Omar Rodriguez-Lopez signature guitar, which was produced through 2012. He uses Seymour Duncan Little '59 pickups as well. Although he tunes to E standard tuning, Omar uses Ernie Ball .013-.056 gauge strings with a wound G string, saying that "they feel more real than the really thin ones". Omar also plays through an Orange Rockerverb combo amp as well. In recent years, Omar has taken a minimalist approach to his pedals, which at one point was a very complex setup. During the Mars Volta's 2011 tour with Soundgarden, he used a Boss DD5 Digital Delay, an MXR Phase 90, an Electro-Harmonix Memory Boy analog delay, a Boss PS-6 Harmonist, a Line 6 M9 Stompbox Modeler, an MXR M133 Micro Amp, an Ibanez WH10V2 wah-wah, an Ibanez TC7 tri-mode chorus, and a Line 6 DL4 delay modeler.

During the Mars Volta's final shows and At the Drive-In's reunion tour, Rodriguez-Lopez switched back to a full-sized Ibanez Jetking guitar, although retaining his preferred single-pickup and volume knob configuration and 24" neck scale. In a recent interview with TC Electronic, he is seen using a blue Ibanez Jetking with two full-size humbuckers.

Most recently, while performing with Bosnian Rainbows, Rodriguez-Lopez began to use a mid-1960s era left-handed Supro 3/4 scale guitar with a single pickup in the bridge position. Shortly afterwards, he was seen playing a custom Ibanez guitar that closely resembled his Supro. In addition, Rodriguez-Lopez now uses flatwound strings on his guitar. Rodriguez-Lopez's pedalboard for Bosnian Rainbows consisted of a Boss TU-3 Chromatic Tuner, an Empress Superdelay, a Blackout Effects Whetstone analog phaser, a Catalinbread Semaphore tremolo pedal, a Boss DD-5 Digital Delay, an EarthQuaker Devices Rainbow Machine, an Empress Fuzz pedal, a Catalinbread Calisto chorus/vibrato pedal, and a Boss SL-20 slicer.

Rodríguez-López is also notable for his recording, producing and songwriting techniques. He has claimed that he is "ignorant of music theory" and that thus he lacks knowledge in writing music in standard notation, claiming that his songwriting "comes from emotion completely". Rodríguez-López claims to write all of the music for his projects, then dictates the performance to the musicians involved.

In addition to his producing credits with the Mars Volta and his solo albums, he also produced the only LP from the defunct LA-based band Radio Vago and in 2009, handled the production of a recording titled "Terra Incognita" from actress/singer Juliette Lewis' band The New Romantiques. Omar also produced (as well as contributed bass to) "Sin Sin Sin", the debut LP from the band Le Butcherettes, which was released in 2011 on Rodriguez-Lopez Productions.






















</doc>
<doc id="725671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=725671" title="Lonnie Johnson (musician)">
Lonnie Johnson (musician)

Alonzo "Lonnie" Johnson (February 8, 1899 – June 16, 1970) was an American blues and jazz singer, guitarist, violinist and songwriter. He was a pioneer of jazz guitar and jazz violin and is recognized as the first to play an electrically amplified violin.

Johnson was born in New Orleans, Louisiana, and raised in a family of musicians. He studied violin, piano and guitar as a child and learned to play various other instruments, including the mandolin, but he concentrated on the guitar throughout his professional career. "There was music all around us," he recalled, "and in my family you'd better play something, even if you just banged on a tin can."

Johnson pioneered the single-string solo guitar styles that have become customary in modern rock, blues and jazz music.

By his late teens, he was playing guitar and violin in his father's family band at banquets and weddings, alongside his brother James "Steady Roll" Johnson. He also worked with the jazz trumpeter Punch Miller in the Storyville district of New Orleans.

In 1917, Johnson joined a revue that toured England, returning home in 1919 to find that all of his family, except his brother James, had died in the 1918 influenza epidemic.

He and his brother settled in St. Louis in 1921, where they performed as a duo. Lonnie also worked on riverboats and in the orchestras of Charlie Creath and Fate Marable.

In 1925 Johnson married, and his wife, Mary, soon began a blues career of her own, performing as Mary Johnson and pursuing a recording career from 1929 to 1936. (She is not to be confused with the later soul and gospel singer of the same name.) As with many other early blues artists, information on Mary Johnson is often contradictory and confusing. Various online sources give her name before marriage as Mary Smith and state that she began performing in her teens. However, the writer James Sallis gave her original name as Mary Williams and stated that her interest in writing and performing blues began when she started helping Lonnie write songs and developed from there. The two never recorded together. They had six children before their divorce in 1932.

In 1925, Johnson entered and won a blues contest at the Booker T. Washington Theatre in St. Louis, the prize being a recording contract with Okeh Records.
To his regret, he was then tagged as a blues artist and later found it difficult to be regarded as anything else. He later said, "I guess I would have done anything to get recorded – it just happened to be a blues contest, so I sang the blues." Between 1925 and 1932 he made about 130 recordings for Okeh, many of which sold well (making him one of the most popular OKeh artists). He was called to New York to record with the leading blues singers of the day, including Victoria Spivey and the country blues singer Alger "Texas" Alexander. He also toured with Bessie Smith, a top attraction of the Theater Owners Bookers Association.

In December 1927, Johnson recorded in Chicago as a guest artist with Louis Armstrong and His Hot Five, paired with the banjoist Johnny St. Cyr. He played on the sides "I'm Not Rough", "Savoy Blues", and "Hotter Than That." In an unusual move, he was invited to sit in with many OKeh jazz groups. In 1928, he recorded "Hot and Bothered", "Move Over", and "The Mooche" with Duke Ellington for Okeh. He also recorded with a group called the Chocolate Dandies (in this case, McKinney's Cotton Pickers). He pioneered the guitar solo on the 1927 track "6/88 Glide", and on many of his early recordings he played 12-string guitar solos in a style that influenced such future jazz guitarists as Charlie Christian and Django Reinhardt and gave the instrument new meaning as a jazz voice. He excelled in purely instrumental pieces, some of which he recorded with the white jazz guitarist Eddie Lang, with whom he teamed in 1929. These recordings were among the first to feature black and white musicians performing together, although Lang was credited as Blind Willie Dunn to disguise the fact.

Much of Johnson's music featured experimental improvisations that would now be categorized as jazz rather than blues. According to the blues historian Gérard Herzhaft, Johnson was "undeniably the creator of the guitar solo played note by note with a pick, which has become the standard in jazz, blues, country, and rock". Johnson's style reached both the Delta bluesmen and urban players who would adapt and develop his one-string solos into the modern electric blues style. However, the writer Elijah Wald declared that in the 1920s and 1930s Johnson was best known as a sophisticated and urbane singer rather than an instrumentalist: "Of the forty ads for his records that appeared in the "Chicago Defender" between 1926 and 1931, not one even mentioned that he played guitar."

Johnson's compositions often depicted the social conditions confronting urban African Americans ("Racketeers' Blues", "Hard Times Ain't Gone Nowhere", "Fine Booze and Heavy Dues"). In his lyrics he captured the nuances of male-female love relationships in a way that went beyond Tin Pan Alley sentimentalism. His songs displayed an ability to understand the heartaches of others, which Johnson saw as the essence of his blues.

After touring with Bessie Smith in 1929, Johnson moved to Chicago and recorded for Okeh with the stride pianist James P. Johnson. However, with the temporary demise of the recording industry in the Great Depression, he was compelled to make a living outside music, working at one point in a steel mill in Peoria, Illinois. In 1932 he moved again, to Cleveland, Ohio, where he lived for the rest of the decade. There he performed on radio programs and intermittently played with the band backing the singer Putney Dandridge.

By the late 1930s, he was recording and performing in Chicago for Decca Records, working with Roosevelt Sykes and Blind John Davis, among others. In 1939, during a session for Bluebird Records with the pianist Joshua Altheimer, Johnson used an electric guitar for the first time. He recorded 34 tracks for Bluebird over the next five years, including the hits "He's a Jelly Roll Baker" and "In Love Again".

After World War II, Johnson made the transition to rhythm and blues, recording for King in Cincinnati and having a hit in 1948 with "Tomorrow Night" written by Sam Coslow and Will Grosz. The topped the "Billboard" Race Records chart for 7 weeks and reached number 19 on the pop chart with sales of three million copies. A blues ballad with piano accompaniment and background singers, the song bore little resemblance to much of Johnson's earlier blues and jazz material. The follow-ups "Pleasing You", "So Tired", and "Confused" were also R&B hits.

In 1952 Johnson toured England. Tony Donegan, a British musician who played on the same bill, paid tribute to Johnson by changing his name to Lonnie Donegan. Johnson's performances are thought to have been received poorly by British audiences; this may have been due to organizational problems with the tour.

After returning to the United States, Johnson moved to Philadelphia. He worked in a steel foundry and as a janitor. In 1959 he was working at the Benjamin Franklin Hotel in Philadelphia in 1959 when WHAT-FM disc jockey Chris Albertson located him and produced "Blues by Lonnie Johnson" for Bluesville Records. This was followed by other Prestige albums, including one ("Blues & Ballads") with the former Ellington boss Elmer Snowden, who had helped Albertson locate Johnson. Snowden had been the original bandleader of the Washingtonians, which Ellington took over after Snowden vacated the position and made into the famous Ellington orchestra. There followed a Chicago engagement for Johnson at the Playboy Club. This succession of events placed him back on the music scene at a fortuitous time: young audiences were embracing folk music, and many veteran performers were stepping out of obscurity. Johnson was reunited with Duke Ellington and appeared as a guest at an all-star folk concert.

In 1961, Johnson was reunited with his Okeh recording partner Victoria Spivey for another Prestige album, "Idle Hours", and the two singers performed at Gerdes Folk City. In 1963 he toured Europe as part of the American Folk Blues Festival with Muddy Waters and others and recorded an album with Otis Spann in Denmark.

In May 1965, he performed at a club in Toronto before an audience of four people. Two weeks later, his shows at a different club attracted a larger audience, and Johnson, encouraged by Toronto's relative racial harmony, decided to move to the city. He opened his club, Home of the Blues, on Toronto's Yorkville Avenue in 1966, but it was a business failure, and Johnson was fired by the man who became owner. Through the rest of the decade, he recorded, played clubs in Canada, and embarked on several regional tours.

In March 1969 he was hit by a car while walking on a sidewalk in Toronto. He was seriously injured, suffering a broken hip and kidney injuries. A benefit concert was held on May 4, 1969, with two dozen acts that included Ian and Sylvia, John Lee Hooker, and Hagood Hardy. He never fully recovered from his injuries and suffered what was described as a stroke. He was able to return to the stage for one performance at Massey Hall on February 23, 1970, walking with the aid of a cane, to sing a couple songs with Buddy Guy; Johnson received a standing ovation.

Johnson died on June 16, 1970. A funeral was held at Mount Hope Cemetery in Toronto by his friends and fellow musicians, but his family members insisted on transferring the body to Philadelphia where he was buried. He was "virtually broke." The Killer Blues Headstone project, a nonprofit organization that places headstones on unmarked graves of blues musicians, purchased a headstone for Johnson around 2014.

In 1993, Smithsonian Folkways released "The Complete Folkways Recordings," an anthology of Johnson's music, on Folkways Records. He had been featured on several compilation blues albums from Folkways, beginning in the 1960s, but never released a solo album on the label in his lifetime.

Johnson was posthumously inducted into the Louisiana Blues Hall of Fame in 1997.

Johnson is a character in "Who Do You Love?" (2008), a feature film that dramatised the life of Leonard Chess, starring Alessandro Nivola, David Oyelowo and TJ Hassan as Johnson. The film was directed by Jerry Zaks.


Johnson's early recordings are the first guitar recordings that display a single-note soloing style with string bending and vibrato. Johnson pioneered this style of guitar playing on records, and his influence is obvious in the playing of Django Reinhardt, T-Bone Walker and virtually all electric blues guitarists.

One of Elvis Presley's earliest recordings was a version of Johnson's blues ballad "Tomorrow Night", written by Sam Coslow and Will Grosz. Presley's vocal phrasing mimics Johnson's, and many of Presley's signature vibrato and baritone sounds can be heard in development. "Tomorrow Night" was also recorded by LaVern Baker and (in 1957) by Jerry Lee Lewis.

In the liner notes for the album "Biograph", Bob Dylan described his encounters with Johnson in New York City. "I was lucky to meet Lonnie Johnson at the same club I was working and I must say he greatly influenced me. You can hear it in that first record. I mean "Corrina, Corrina"...that's pretty much Lonnie Johnson. I used to watch him every chance I got and sometimes he'd let me play with him. I think he and Tampa Red and of course Scrapper Blackwell, that's my favorite style of guitar playing." In his autobiography, "Chronicles, Vol. 1", Dylan wrote about the performing method he learned from Robert Johnson and remarked that Robert Johnson had learned a lot from Lonnie Johnson. Some of Robert Johnson's songs are seen as new versions of songs recorded by Lonnie Johnson.




</doc>
<doc id="739770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=739770" title="James Blood Ulmer">
James Blood Ulmer

James "Blood" Ulmer (born February 8, 1940) is an American jazz, free funk and blues guitarist and singer. Ulmer plays a Gibson Byrdland guitar. His guitar sound has been described as "jagged" and "stinging". His singing has been called "raggedly soulful".

Willie James Ulmer was born in St. Matthews, South Carolina. He began his career playing with soul jazz ensembles, first in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from 1959–1964, and then in the Columbus, Ohio from 1964–1967. He recorded with organist Hank Marr in 1964 (released 1967). After moving to New York in 1971, Ulmer played with Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers, Joe Henderson, Paul Bley, Rashied Ali, and Larry Young.

In the early 1970s, Ulmer joined Ornette Coleman; he was the first electric guitarist to record and tour extensively with Coleman. He has credited Coleman as a major influence. Coleman's reliance on electric guitar in his fusion-oriented recordings owes a debt to Ulmer.

His appearance on Arthur Blythe's two consecutive Columbia albums, "Lenox Avenue Breakdown" (1979) and "Illusions" (1980), was followed by Ulmer's signing to that label. That resulted in three albums: "Free Lancing", "Black Rock", and "Odyssey", which was the inaugural release of Odyssey The Band with drummer Warren Benbow and violinist Charles Burnham. The trio was called "avant-gutbucket" by music critic Bill Milkowski to describe the music as "conjuring images of Skip James and Albert Ayler jamming on the Mississippi Delta."

Ulmer formed Music Revelation Ensemble around 1980, co-led with David Murray for the first decade and lasting into the 1990s. Later versions of the band included Arthur Blythe, Sam Rivers, Pharoah Sanders, and John Zorn. In the 1980s he co-led the quartet Phalanx with saxophonist George Adams. Ulmer has recorded as a leader, including blues-oriented albums produced by Vernon Reid: "Memphis Blood", "No Escape from the Blues", "Bad Blood in the City", and "Birthright".

He was a judge for the 8th annual Independent Music Awards to support independent musicians.

In a 2005 "Down Beat" interview, he said guitar technique stagnated after the death of Jimi Hendrix. He stated technique could advance "if the guitar would stop following the piano" and indicated he tunes his guitar strings to A.

In 2009, Ulmer started the label American Revelation. In spring 2011, he joined James Carter's organ trio as a special guest with Nicholas Payton on trumpet for a six-night stand of performances at Blue Note New York.


With Music Revelation Ensemble

With New Jazz Art Quartet with John Hicks, Reggie Workman, Rashied Ali

With Odyssey the Band

With Phalanx

With members of Rip Rig + Panic

With Rodolphe Burger

With Third Rail






</doc>
<doc id="743699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=743699" title="George Lewis (trombonist)">
George Lewis (trombonist)

George Emanuel Lewis (born July 14, 1952) is an American composer, electronic performer, installation artist, trombone player, and scholar in the fields of improvisation and experimental music. He has been a member of the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) since 1971 and is a pioneer of computer music.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, Lewis graduated from Yale University in 1974 with a degree in philosophy. In the 1980s, he succeeded Rhys Chatham as the music director of The Kitchen. Since 2004, he has served as Edward H. Case Professor of American Music at Columbia University in New York City, where he is now Vice-Chair of the Department of Music. He previously taught at the University of California, San Diego.
In 2002, Lewis received a MacArthur Fellowship. He has also received a Guggenheim Fellowship (2015), a United States Artists Fellowship (2011), the Alpert Award in the Arts (1999), and the American Musicological Society's Music in American Culture Award in 2009. He became a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2015, a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy in 2016, and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 2018.

He has recorded or performed with Anthony Braxton, Anthony Davis, Bertram Turetzky, Conny Bauer, Count Basie, David Behrman, David Murray, Derek Bailey, Douglas Ewart, Evan Parker, Fred Anderson, Frederic Rzewski, Gil Evans, Han Bennink, Irène Schweizer, J. D. Parran, James Newton, Joel Ryan, Joëlle Léandre, John Zorn, Karl E. H. Seigfried, Laurie Anderson, Leroy Jenkins, Marina Rosenfeld, Michel Portal, Misha Mengelberg, Miya Masaoka, Muhal Richard Abrams, Nicole Mitchell, Richard Teitelbaum, Roscoe Mitchell, Sam Rivers, Steve Lacy, and Wadada Leo Smith.

He was also a sometime member of Musica Elettronica Viva, the Globe Unity Orchestra, and the ICP Orchestra (Instant Composer's Pool).

Lewis has long been active in creating and performing with interactive computer systems, most notably his software called Voyager, which "listens to" and reacts to live performers. Between 1988 and 1990, Lewis collaborated with video artist Don Ritter to create performances of interactive music and interactive video controlled by Lewis's improvised trombone. Lewis and Ritter performed at venues in North America and Europe, including Festival International de Musique Actuelle de Victoriaville, Verona Jazz Festival, Art Institute of Chicago, The Kitchen (New York City), New Music America 1989 (New York City), The Alternative Museum (New York City), A Space (Toronto), and the MIT Media Lab (Cambridge, Massachusetts).

In 2008, Lewis published a book-length history of the AACM titled "A Power Stronger Than Itself: The AACM and American Experimental Music" (University of Chicago Press). The book received the 2009 American Book Award.

Lewis has received three honorary degrees: Doctor of Music from the University of Edinburgh in 2015; Doctor of Humane Letters from New College of Florida in 2017, and Doctor of Music from Harvard University in 2018.

In 1992, Lewis collaborated with Canadian artist Stan Douglas on the video installation "Hors-champs" which was featured at documenta 9 in Kassel, Germany. The installation features Lewis in an improvisation of Albert Ayler's "Spirits Rejoice" with musicians Douglas Ewart, Kent Carter and Oliver Johnson.

Lewis is featured extensively in "Unyazi of the Bushveld" (2005), a documentary about the first symposium of electronic music held in Africa, directed by Aryan Kaganof.

Lewis gave an invited keynote lecture and performance at NIME-06, the sixth international conference on New Interfaces for Musical Expression, which was held at IRCAM, Paris, in June 2006.

In 2008 his work "Morning Blues for Yvan" was featured on the compilation album "" (Bridge Records) produced by Mendi + Keith Obadike.



With Anthony Braxton

With Anthony Davis
With Steve Lacy
With David Murray

With Gil Evans

With Globe Unity Orchestra

With ICP Orchestra

With Muhal Richard Abrams

With Richard Teitelbaum

With Roscoe Mitchell

With Steve Lacy

With others

Solo and chamber music


Electronics

Installations

Interactive computer music

Music Theatre

Creative orchestra

Graphic and instructional scores





</doc>
<doc id="752892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=752892" title="Chester Thompson">
Chester Thompson

Chester Cortez Thompson (born December 11, 1948) is an American drummer, percussionist, session musician, producer, and teacher. He performed with Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention from 1973 to 1975, and with the progressive rock band Genesis from 1977 to 1992, and again in 2007. He is a current member of his jazz group, the Chester Thompson Trio, formed in 2011.

Thompson was born on December 11, 1948, in Baltimore, Maryland. He has an older brother, who played in the drum corps. At elementary school, he learned to play the flute and read music. At eleven, Thompson took up the drums, receiving lessons from James Harrison, a professional jazz drummer from whom he learned his rudiments. Thompson practiced by playing along with albums by jazz musicians Miles Davis, Max Roach and Art Blakey. From there, he moved on to studying records by drummer Elvin Jones, whom Thompson cites as a major musical influence along with Tony Williams. While attending high school, he studied privately with drummer and percussionist Tony Ames of the National Symphony Orchestra for one semester. Thompson's practice focused on mastering drumming rudiments using a book published by the National Association of Rudimental Drummers. He started to play his first live gigs two years later in local venues. Still underage, Thompson went as far as to draw a mustache on his upper lip using an eyebrow pencil "because the club owners were worried about me playing there". He played as many as three jam sessions a week.

Among his first major jobs was a short tour, mainly across Canada, with jazz singer Ben E. King. In 1970, he played with organist Jack McDuff, followed by gigs with other local groups before returning to Baltimore in 1971 to study at the Community College of Baltimore County. Thompson studied there for two years, including the flute, and coached a basketball team at the Rec Center. He played as part of the house band in a club that supported visiting soul artists.

Thompson built a reputation as a session drummer. One of his first bands was Doc "Soul Stirrer" Young and The We Four Trio. Since the early 1970s, Thompson has played with the jazz rock band Air Pocket, a band with the Fowler Brothers at its core.

From 1973 to 1975, Thompson toured and recorded with Frank Zappa as a member of his band, The Mothers of Invention. He was a friend of their tour manager, Marty Perellis, also of Baltimore, and landed an audition in Los Angeles after learning of Zappa's wish to use two drummers in his group. Thompson recalled the audition involved him jamming with the band for a solid hour without a break. "We just drifted in and out of so many different kinds of feels and grooves," he remembers. After the jam, Zappa told Thompson that he got the gig. His time in Zappa's band was challenging because of the leader's "incredibly difficult music" which involved as much as 40 hours of weekly practice for four to six weeks before a tour. Thompson played on several Zappa albums, including "Roxy & Elsewhere" (1974), "One Size Fits All" (1975), "Studio Tan" (rec. 1969, 1974–1976, rel. 1978), "Sleep Dirt" (rec. 1974 & 1976, rel. 1978), and "You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 2" (rec. 1974, rel. 1988).

In 1975, he was fired by Frank Zappa just prior to their tour of Australia. Thompson joined the jazz rock band Weather Report following the departure of drummer Leon "Ndugu" Chancler and the completion of "Tale Spinnin'" (1975). Their bassist, Alphonso Johnson, invited him to jam with them and it was a success. Thompson recalled his time in the band as a "major knock out" because he was a big fan of the group. Thompson stayed with the band for "Black Market" (1976), after which he left.

After leaving Weather Report, Thompson played recording sessions in Los Angeles and well as part of the San Francisco Broadway theatre production of "The Wiz". He was recommended for the gig by his friend Roy McCurdy, and it was there where he met his future wife who had parts in the musical. He also toured as a member of the live band for The Pointer Sisters, and rehearsed with Santana after they expressed an interest in having Thompson join the band.

Just two weeks into Santana rehearsals, Thompson was invited by Genesis drummer and singer Phil Collins to join the band as their touring drummer after their current drummer, Bill Bruford, wished to move on. Collins wished to pick an American drummer, and heard Thompson's playing on Zappa's live album "Roxy & Elsewhere" (1974) which featured Thompson playing in tandem with drummer Ralph Humphrey. Thompson had heard of Genesis's music from bassist Alphonso Johnson, and agreed to join the band for rehearsals in November 1976 for their upcoming tour supporting "Wind & Wuthering" (1976). "The first day of rehearsal, we just started jamming as everybody was setting up gear, we were just going for it". Thompson was shown the drum part to "Afterglow" and at first had difficulty in playing its straightforward beat.

From 1976–2007, Thompson played with Genesis as their touring drummer. Thompson is featured on the live albums "Seconds Out" (1977), "Three Sides Live" (1982), "" (1992), "" (1993), and "Live over Europe 2007" (2007).

After the 1992 tour, Thompson stepped down as their touring drummer in order to spend more time with his family. He talked with Genesis bassist/guitarist Mike Rutherford about the possibility of playing the drums on their final studio album, "Calling All Stations" (1997). However, since Collins had left the band, Thompson wanted to become a full-time member of the band, and not just a side man. However, Genesis continued without Thompson for the album and tour. Thompson played an impromptu jam at Collins's wedding in 1999, which made him realize how much he had missed his Genesis band mates.

Thompson joined Phil Collins as drummer for Collins's solo concert tours, drumming on the 1982/83 "Hello, I Must Be Going!" tour, 1985 "No Jacket Required" tour, 1990 "...But Seriously" tour, The "Tarzan" Premiere tour of 1999 and The Final Farewell tour of 2004/05. He also appears on Collins' "Serious Hits... Live!" (1990) live album and DVD.

In 1988, Thompson was invited to play the drums for former boss Frank Zappa's final concert tour before his death. Thompson declined the offer. By this time, Thompson had become a devout Christian, and said Zappa's anti-religious sentiments and lyrics conflicted with his own religious beliefs.

In 1989, Thompson worked as the drummer for Bee Gees for their One for All World Tour (10.4.–7.12.1989), in support for their "One" (1989) album. He was later replaced by Michael Murphy in St. Paul, Minnesota.

Thompson continued to work with other members of Genesis on their solo projects. Thompson also plays on the Steve Hackett albums, "Please Don't Touch" (1978) and "" (1996). Later on, he played on Tony Banks' solo album "A Curious Feeling" (1979). He also appears on Steve Hackett's live album "The Tokyo Tapes" released in 1998 which also features John Wetton, Ian McDonald and Julian Colbeck.

He was also a founding member of the band Fire Merchants with Brand X guitarist John Goodsall and bassist Doug Lunn and appeared on their first eponymous recording in 1989. Thompson played drums with Santana in 1984 and is credited in the Beyond Appearances album along with Chester D. Thompson on keyboards.

In 1992, Thompson and his family relocated to Nashville, Tennessee, after liking the area when they visited to attend noted drummer Larrie Londin's funeral. He has since played on sessions for various artists in the area, mainly in jazz, pop, and Christian music.

In 1995, former Genesis guitarist Steve Hackett invited Thompson to play on his Genesis project album "Genesis Revisited". Thompson was unsure of playing on all of the tracks as initially discussed, and said "we both thought it would be too weird to do the whole album with both of us being sort of ex-Genesis people". Instead, Hackett brought on additional musicians and Thompson plays on just three tracks.

In the late 1990s, Thompson began touring with jazz guitarist Denny Jiosa. In 1999, he released his first solo album, "A Joyful Noise". In 2001, Thompson toured Korea with singer and worship leader Ron Kenoly. In January 2002, Thompson performed at the debut charity gig by Collins's Little Dreams Foundation.

Thompson has taught drums at Belmont University in Nashville since 1998, and has also taken classes at the university in composition and arranging. In 2008, he was "two classes away" from earning a degree. He is an adjunct instructor at its school of music.

In 2008, Thompson was honoured with a Lifetime Achievement Award at the 32nd Percussive Arts Society International Convention (PASIC).

In 2011, Thompson formed his jazz group, the Chester Thompson Trio, with pianist Joe Davidian and bassist Mike Rinne. They had initially played together as part of the rhythm section of the Nashville Trombone Festival which was followed by a weekly residency at the Commodore Lounge for over a year. They have released two albums: "Approved" (2013) and "Simpler Times" (2015).

Thompson has endorsed Ludwig Drums (1970-March, 1977), Pearl Drums (April, 1977 - July, 1987), Sonor Drums (1990–1999) and Paiste cymbals (1970–90); he has endorsed DW Drums since 2000 and Sabian cymbals since 1990. He uses Remo drumheads, Meinl Percussion, Gibraltar racks and has his own Regaltip Chester Thompson signature drumstick.

In 1980, Thompson became a Christian. He married his wife who he first met during his time playing in "The Wiz" in 1976. They have one son.





</doc>
<doc id="754200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=754200" title="Joe Venuti">
Joe Venuti

Giuseppe "Joe" Venuti (September 16, 1903 – August 14, 1978) was an Italian-American jazz musician and pioneer jazz violinist.

Considered the father of jazz violin, he pioneered the use of string instruments in jazz along with the guitarist Eddie Lang, a friend since childhood. Through the 1920s and early 1930s, Venuti and Lang made many recordings, as leader and as featured soloists. He and Lang became so well known for their 'hot' violin and guitar solos that on many commercial dance recordings they were hired to do 12- or 24-bar duos towards the end of otherwise stock dance arrangements. In 1926, Venuti and Lang started recording for the OKeh label as a duet (after a solitary duet issued on Columbia), followed by "Blue Four" combinations, which are considered milestone jazz recordings. Venuti also recorded commercial dance records for OKeh under the name "New Yorkers".

He worked with Benny Goodman, Adrian Rollini, the Dorsey Brothers, Bing Crosby, Bix Beiderbecke, Jack Teagarden, Frank Signorelli, the Boswell Sisters, and most of the other important white jazz and semi-jazz figures of the late 1920s and early 1930s. However, following Lang's death in 1933, Venuti's career began to wane, though he continued performing through the 1930s, recording a series of commercial dance records (usually containing a Venuti violin solo) for the dime store labels, OKeh and Columbia, as well as the occasional jazz small group sessions. He was also a strong early influence on western swing players like Cecil Brower. Many of the 1920s OKeh sides continued to sell and remained in print through 1935 when ARC discontinued the OKeh label and reissued selected sides on the 35-cent Vocalion label (the OKeh label was revived by CBS in 1940).
After a period of relative obscurity in the 1940s and 1950s, Venuti played violin and other instruments with Jack Statham at the Desert Inn Hotel in Las Vegas. Statham headed several musical groups that played at the Desert Inn from late 1961 until 1965, including a Dixieland combo. Venuti was with him during that time, and was active with the Las Vegas Symphony Orchestra during the 1960s. He was 'rediscovered' in the late 1960s. In the 1970s, he established a musical relationship with tenor saxophonist Zoot Sims that resulted in three recordings. In 1976, he recorded an album of duets with pianist Earl Hines entitled "Hot Sonatas". He also recorded an entire album with country-jazz musicians including mandolinist Jethro Burns (of Homer & Jethro), pedal steel guitarist Curly Chalker and former Bob Wills sideman and guitarist Eldon Shamblin. Venuti died in Seattle, Washington.

Venuti was well known for giving out conflicting information regarding his early life, including his birthplace and birth date as well as his education and upbringing. Gary Giddins summarized the situation by saying that "depending on which reference book you consult, (Venuti's age when he died in 1978) was eighty-four, eighty-two, eighty, seventy-five, seventy-four, or seventy-two. Venuti, who surely had one of the strangest senses of humor in music history, encouraged the confusion. (...) The deception has been variously traced to Venuti's father, who hoped to speed up the naturalization process, to Joe's fear that a foreign-born jazz musician would not be taken seriously by his peers, and to his general penchant for mayhem."

According to official records, he was born on September 16, 1903 in Philadelphia.

He was classically trained in the violin from a young age, and studied solfeggio with his grandfather. He later said that while he studied music from him, he did not learn any one instrument but rather music theory in general. He began studying the violin in Philadelphia, and later claimed to have studied at a conservatory, without providing any corroborating details. Despite this, his style of playing was characteristic of someone who had a solid basis in violin technique.

Venuti began playing violin professionally 1924, beginning a 54-year career that lasted nearly until his death in 1978. During this time, he helped redefine jazz violin. He spent time in the early 1900s playing in the James Campbell School Orchestra in the violin section. It was there that he first met and befriended Salvatore Massaro, who was also playing in the same section. During this time the pair was experimenting with jazz and blues in addition to classical playing.

In 1924 he moved to Detroit to join Jean Goldkette's band, and began playing with the Book Cadillac Hotel Orchestra, one of Goldkette's dance bands. It was here that he made his first recordings with Goldkette's big band. By mid-1925, he had moved to Atlantic City briefly to play with Bert Estlow's band before settling in New York. Here, he once again encountered Massaro, who had changed his name to Eddie Lang. Lang had also switched instruments from the violin to the guitar. The two friends struck up a professional partnership which was to last until Lang's death in 1933. They began playing with Roger Wolfe Kahn's dance orchestras in addition to playing in Broadway pit orchestras to support themselves.

From 1926 to 1928, the Venuti and Lang duo were recording with most of the prominent jazz musicians of the day, including Goldkette (1926–27), Red Nichols (1927–28), Bix Beiderbecke (1927), Adrian Rollini (1927) and Frankie Trumbauer (1927). Between 1927 and 1929 Lang and Venuti were leading bands and performing in Atlantic City. Venuti then moved back to New York in 1929 to play with Paul Whiteman's orchestra from 1929 to 1931. He also appeared in the film "King of Jazz" (1930) with the band. From the period of 1931–1933, Venuti recorded again with Eddie Lang, Bix Beiderbecke and Frankie Trumbauer. The most famous recording of Venuti's career was also produced during this time: his October 22, 1931 recording with Joe Venuti-Eddie Lang and their All Star orchestra. This session also included Benny Goodman and Jack Teagarden. Both Venuti and Lang rejoined Roger Wolfe Kahns' orchestra in 1932 and played and recorded with him until Eddie Lang's death in 1933.

Following Eddie Lang's death, Venuti conducted a tour of Europe and the UK. During this period he also alternated from violin to guitar, varying from his almost strictly violin approach formerly. Upon returning to the US in 1935, he formed a big band and worked as its leader. During this time he also composed most of his original arrangements. Venuti was less successful as a big band leader than as a soloist, and the band folded in 1943.

After this period, Venuti transitioned from being in a position of relative prominence to one of ignominy. Venuti moved to California in 1944 to become a studio musician with MGM, in addition to playing with other film and radio studios. He also appeared regularly on Bing Crosby's radio show during this time. Later, Venuti returned to a small group format and continued to play and record in and around Los Angeles, while touring frequently. In 1953 he conducted another tour of Europe, and in 1963 a tour of Seattle.

Throughout much of the 1950s Venuti made records and played at clubs. This was the beginning of about a 15-year lull in Venuti's career. In the early 1960s Venuti was mostly inactive due to his development of alcoholism. The late 1960s marked a revival in his career. In 1967 he was invited to perform at Dick Gibson's Colorado Jazz Party, and was such a success that he would be asked to repeat his performances annually until his death in 1978. In 1968 he was also invited to the Newport Jazz Festival, and in 1969 he performed at the London Jazz Expo.

Living in Seattle in 1973 he was featured in the short film, "Thank You Joe". A portion of the film was shot at the District Tavern in Seattle with Venuti sitting in with the New Deal Rhythm band led by John Holte.

During the 1970s, at the end of his life, Venuti toured extensively in Europe with a small ensemble. During this time he made his final recordings with Earl Hines, George Barnes, Ross Tompkins, Dave McKenna, Marian McPartland, Scott Hamilton, Leon Redbone, and most notably Zoot Sims. Venuti continued to tour and play until his death in 1978.

Venuti pioneered the violin as a solo instrument to the jazz world. He was famous for a fast, "hot" playing style characteristic of jazz soloists in the 1920s and the swing era. His solos have been described as incredibly rhythmic with patterns of duplets and running eighth and sixteenth notes. He favored a lively, fast tempo that showed off his superior technique. Venuti was a virtuosic player with a wide range of techniques, including left-hand pizzicato and runs spanning the length of the fingerboard.

He also frequently implemented slides common in blues and country fiddle playing. Occasionally, he used an uncommon technique in which he unscrewed the end of his bow and wrapped the bow hair around the strings of the violin, allowing him to play chords, lending the subsequent sound a "wild" tone. He was particularly notable in small ensemble jazz, since — prior to the invention of the musical amplifier — the force of the horns in big band jazz was sufficient to drown out the violin.

Joe Venuti's compositions included "Satan's Holiday", "Goin' Home", "Put and Take", "Pretty Trix", "Doin' Things" with Eddie Lang, "Apple Blossoms", with Lennie Hayton, Frankie Trumbauer, and Eddie Lang, "Beatin' the Dog", "Black and Blue Bottom", "Black Satin", "Blues for Nobody", "Blues in G", "Blues Inc.", "Dandy Cat", "Cheese and Crackers", "Clown Cat", "Dinner at Nine", "Flip", and "Betcha I Getcha", which Venuti claimed to have co-written with Bix Beiderbecke.

Apart from his impressive playing style, Joe Venuti was almost as well known for his practical jokes. He was well known to play inexpensive violins, since many of his former band members have said that he had been known to crack these over the heads of his players on occasion. There are many anecdotes of his pranks told by his associates. One of the best known tales was one in which he filled a tuba player's horn with flour during a break in a rehearsal. Another involved sending the one-armed Wingy Manone a single cufflink for Christmas. He was also well known for having called every bass player in the New York phonebook and asking them to meet with him on a street corner. When over 50 bass players arrived with their instruments it created a minor roadblock. He then subsequently had to pay the players for their time as mandated by the AFM.

Little is known about Venuti's personal life aside from his extensive jazz career. Some of his many biographers claim that he was married three times. In a 1934 passenger list he is stated traveling with his wife Sarah Venuti (née Israel). They got married in August 1934. Wingy Manone reported that Venuti was married to a woman named "Sally", and in 1950, the "Los Angeles Times" reported on his divorce from a woman named "Dorothy".

Venuti suffered from alcoholism in his middle age, throughout the 1950s and early 1960s. He was able to recover, and to regain his former acclaim for his playing. In 1970 Venuti was diagnosed with cancer. He died on August 14, 1978 in Seattle, Washington, of either cancer or a heart attack.



</doc>
<doc id="756707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=756707" title="Lee Konitz">
Lee Konitz

Lee Konitz (born October 13, 1927) is an American composer and alto saxophonist.

He has performed successfully in a wide range of jazz styles, including bebop, cool jazz, and avant-garde jazz. Konitz's association with the cool jazz movement of the 1940s and 1950s includes participation in Miles Davis's "Birth of the Cool" sessions and his work with pianist Lennie Tristano. He was notable during this era as one of relatively few alto saxophonists to retain a distinctive style when Charlie Parker exerted a massive influence.

Like other students of Tristano, Konitz was noted for improvising long, melodic lines with the rhythmic interest coming from odd accents, or odd note groupings suggestive of the imposition of one time signature over another. Other saxophonists were strongly influenced by Konitz, notably Paul Desmond and Art Pepper.

Konitz was born on October 13, 1927, in Chicago to Jewish parents of Austrian and Russian descent. At the age of eleven, Konitz received his first clarinet. However, he later dropped the instrument in favor of the tenor saxophone. He eventually moved from tenor to alto. His greatest influences at the time were the swing big bands he and his brother listened to on the radio; hearing Goodman on the radio was what prodded him to ask for a clarinet. He improvised on the saxophone before learning to play standards.

Konitz began his professional career in 1945 with the Teddy Powell band as a replacement for Charlie Ventura. A month later, the band broke up. Between 1945 and 1947, he worked intermittently with Jerry Wald. In 1946, he met pianist Lennie Tristano, and the two worked together in a small cocktail bar. His next substantial work was with Claude Thornhill in 1947 with Gil Evans arranging and Gerry Mulligan as a composer.

He participated with Miles Davis in a group that had a brief booking in September 1948 and another the following year, but he recorded in 1949 and 1950 the sides collected on the "Birth of the Cool" album. The presence of Konitz and other white musicians in the group angered some black jazz players because many were unemployed at the time, but Davis rebuffed their criticisms.

Konitz has stated he considered the group to belong to Gerry Mulligan. His debut as leader also came in 1949 with sides collected on the album "Subconscious-Lee". (Prestige, 1955). He turned down an opportunity to work with Goodman in 1949, a decision he regretted. Parker lent him support on the day Konitz's child was born in Seattle, Washington, while he was stuck in New York City. The two were good friends, not the rivals some jazz critics made them out to be.

In the early 1950s, Konitz recorded and toured with Stan Kenton's orchestra, but he continued to record as a leader. In 1961, he recorded "Motion" with Elvin Jones on drums and Sonny Dallas on bass. This spontaneous session consisted entirely of standards. The loose trio format aptly featured Konitz's unorthodox phrasing and chromaticism.

In 1967, Konitz recorded "The Lee Konitz Duets" in configurations that were often unusual for the period (saxophone and trombone, two saxophones). The recordings drew on nearly the entire history of jazz from Louis Armstrong's "Struttin' with Some Barbecue" with valve trombonist Marshall Brown to two free improvisation duos: one with a Duke Ellington associate, violinist Ray Nance, and one with guitarist Jim Hall.

Konitz contributed to the film score for "Desperate Characters" (1971). In 1981, he performed at the Woodstock Jazz Festival, which was held in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Creative Music Studio.

Konitz has worked with Dave Brubeck, Ornette Coleman, Charles Mingus, Attila Zoller, Gerry Mulligan, and Elvin Jones. He recorded trio dates with Brad Mehldau and Charlie Haden, released by Blue Note, as well as a live album recorded in 2009 at Birdland and released by ECM in 2011 with drummer Paul Motian. Konitz has become more experimental as he has grown older and has released a number of free jazz and avant-garde jazz albums, playing alongside many younger musicians. His album with Grace Kelly was given 4 1/2 stars by Michael Jackson in "Down Beat" magazine.

He has had problems with his heart for which he has received surgery in the past. He was scheduled to appear at Melbourne's Recital Centre in 2011 for the Melbourne International Jazz Festival, but he canceled due to illness.

In August 2012 Konitz played to sell-out crowds at the Blue Note in Greenwich Village as part of Enfants Terribles, a collaboration with Bill Frisell, Gary Peacock, and Joey Baron. Days after his 87th birthday in 2014, he played three nights at Cafe Stritch in San Jose, California, with the Jeff Denson Trio, improvising on the old standards he favors.




[Category:Pupils of Pran Nath (musician)]]


</doc>
<doc id="756836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=756836" title="Ray Nance">
Ray Nance

Ray Willis Nance (December 10, 1913, in Chicago – January 28, 1976, in New York City) was a jazz trumpeter, violinist and singer. He is best remembered for his long association with Duke Ellington and his orchestra.

Nance was the leader of his own band in Chicago from 1932 to 1937. Then, he worked with Earl Hines from 1937 to 1939; and from 1939 to 1940 he worked with Horace Henderson.

Ellington hired Nance to replace trumpeter Cootie Williams, who had joined Benny Goodman, in 1940. Nance's first recorded performance with Ellington was at the Fargo, North Dakota ballroom dance. Shortly after joining the band, Nance was given the trumpet solo on the earliest recorded version of "Take the "A" Train", which became the Ellington theme. Nance's "A Train" solo is one of the most copied and admired trumpet solos in jazz history. Indeed, when Cootie Williams returned to the band more than twenty years later, he would play Nance's solo on "A Train" almost exactly as the original.

Nance was often featured on violin and was the only violin soloist ever featured in Ellington's orchestra (especially noteworthy is his violin contribution to the original 1942 version of "The 'C' Jam Blues"). He is also one of the better known male vocalists associated with Ellington's orchestra. On later recordings of "It Don't Mean a Thing (If It Ain't Got That Swing)", Nance took the previously instrumental horn riff into the lead vocal, which constitute the line "Doo wha, doo wha, doo wha, doo wha, yeah!" He was often featured as vocalist on "Jump for Joy," "Just A-Sittin' and A-Rockin'" and "Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me)". His multiple talents (trumpet, violin, vocals and also dancing) earned him the nickname "Floorshow".

Nance was absent from the Duke Ellington Orchestra for around 3–4 months in 1946, including the date of that year's Carnegie Hall concert. In 1949, Ray showed up, along with Ellington sidemen Russell Procope, Johnny Hodges and Sonny Greer on several Ivory Joe Hunter sessions for King Records of Cincinnati.

He left Ellington in 1963 during their Middle East tour after having played alongside his returned predecessor Cootie Williams for a year. He continued to make several guest appearances in the orchestra over the years and later toured and recorded in England in 1974.

Nance made a few recordings as a bandleader, and also recorded or performed with Earl Hines, Rosemary Clooney, Jaki Byard, Chico Hamilton and others.


With Ahmed Abdul-Malik
With Jaki Byard
With Duke Ellington
With Horace Henderson
With Earl Hines
With Johnny Hodges
With Budd Johnson
With Joya Sherrill



</doc>
<doc id="756871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=756871" title="Jim Hall (musician)">
Jim Hall (musician)

James Stanley Hall (December 4, 1930 – December 10, 2013) was an American jazz guitarist, composer and arranger. "Premier Guitar" magazine stated that "It could be argued that the jazz guitar tree is rooted in four names: Django [Reinhardt], Charlie [Christian], Wes [Montgomery], and Jim [Hall]".

Born in Buffalo, New York, Hall moved with his family to Cleveland, Ohio during his childhood. Hall's mother played the piano, his grandfather violin, and his uncle guitar. He began playing the guitar at age ten when his mother gave him an instrument as a Christmas present. At 13 he heard Charlie Christian play on a Benny Goodman record, which he calls his "spiritual awakening". As a teenager in Cleveland, he performed professionally, and also took up the double bass. Hall's major influences since childhood were tenor saxophonists Coleman Hawkins, Lester Young, Paul Gonsalves, and Lucky Thompson. While he copied out solos by Charlie Christian, and later Barney Kessel, it was horn players from whom he took the lead. In 1955, Hall attended the Cleveland Institute of Music where he majored in composition, studying piano and bass in addition to theory. 

In 1956, Hall moved to Los Angeles. In Los Angeles, he studied classical guitar with Vicente Gómez. From 1955 to 1956, played in Chico Hamilton's quintet, a group associated with the cool jazz movement, and Hall's playing began to gain attention from critics and fellow musicians.

Hall left Hamilton's group to join another cool jazz ensemble, the Jimmy Giuffre Three, and he worked on and off with Giuffre from 1957 to 1960. Hall recorded his first solo album for Pacific Jazz in 1957, though the album made only a modest impact, and Hall did not get to record a follow-up until 1969.

During the late 1950s and early 1960s, Hall developed a preference for "challenging arrangements and interactive improvisation in duos and trios." He taught at the Lenox School of Jazz in Massachusetts in the summer of 1959. Hall toured during the late 1950s with Jazz at the Philharmonic and worked around this time in Los Angeles with Ben Webster, appearing on Ben Webster at the Renaissance (recorded in 1960). During 1959, he recorded the first of six albums as a featured soloist with Paul Desmond. In 1960, Hall also toured and recorded with Ella Fitzgerald in Europe. 

Hall moved to New York City around 1960 and began performing with band leaders including Lee Konitz (1960–61), Sonny Rollins (1961-2, 1964), and Art Farmer (1962-1964). He formed a studio partnership with Bill Evans during this time, appearing on four albums with Evans from 1962 to 1966. Hall also worked as a studio guitarist for commercial recording dates during the early and mid-1960s. As a freelance studio musician, he appeared on albums by singers Big Joe Turner, Johnny Hartman, June Christy, Big Miller, and Freda Payne, as well as on commercially-oriented orchestral pop and jazz albums by Quincy Jones, Lalo Schifrin, Oliver Nelson, and Gary McFarland. His freelance jazz work in the 1960s covered a range of styles. He participated in cool jazz, bossa nova, and third stream albums led by John Lewis, Gerry Mulligan, Bob Brookmeyer, and Paul Desmond. Hall recorded bebop and hard bop sessions with Sonny Stitt, Nat Adderley, and Sonny Rollins. He recorded a soul jazz session with organist Paul Bryant.

In 1962, he led a trio with Tommy Flanagan and Ron Carter, who was replaced by Red Mitchell in 1965. In the mid-1960s, Hall joined the studio orchestra of The Merv Griffin Show, playing with Bill Berry, Bob Brookmeyer, Benny Powell, Art Davis and Jake Hanna.
In the late 1960s, Hall decided to leave his television job and pursue his solo career more actively. He recorded and performed in Germany and Japan, appearing on the "Berlin Festival Guitar Workshop" LP (1968) alongside Barney Kessel and Baden Powell, and on the "Guitar Genius In Japan" LP (1970) alongside Kenny Burrell and Attila Zoller. The German MPS label recorded Hall's second solo album, It's Nice to Be With You in 1969. In 1971, he began recording for Milestone Records, whose co-founder Orrin Keepnews had produced several records with Hall when running his previous label, Riverside Records. While on Milestone, Hall recorded the first of three duet albums with Ron Carter. Moving to CTI Records, Hall made the Concierto album, which featured Paul Desmond and Chet Baker, and became a critical and financial success.

Hall was an arranger and composer as much as a performer, known for developing motifs and using blues inflections. These characteristics are showcased in his 1975 album "Jim Hall Live!", with Don Thompson and Terry Clarke. During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Hall recorded with pianist George Shearing, classical violinist Itzhak Perlman, and had a studio reunion with Art Farmer. He also continued recording in duos with Red Mitchell and Ron Carter until 1985.

Hall recorded steadily from the 1970s until 2010, releasing albums on the Horizon, Concord, MusicMasters, and Telarc record labels.

Hall continued to tour all over the world during these years as well. His band members included drummers Bill Stewart and Andy Watson; and Joey Baron, bass players Scott Colley and Steve LaSpina; pianists Gil Goldstein and Larry Goldings. At times, Hall included Chris Potter and Greg Osby on the tenor saxophone. These players are featured on Hall's video "Master Sessions with Jim Hall" from 1993. Hall appeared as a guest soloist in Michel Petrucciani's trio with Wayne Shorter in 1986 and performed at the Village Vanguard with Bill Frisell. In 1990, he hosted the JVC Jazz Festival New York, which also featured Pat Metheny and John Scofield. After this, he played a number of duo concerts with Metheny. In 1994, Hall recorded a solo album. Furthermore, in 1996, he returned to Europe to lead a quartet with Joe Lovano.

In 1995, Hall was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music. In 1997, Hall received the New York Jazz Critics Award for Best Jazz Composer/Arranger. His pieces for string, brass, and vocal ensembles can be heard on his "Textures" and "By Arrangement" recordings. His original composition, "Quartet Plus Four", a piece for jazz quartet featuring the Zapolski string quartet, was debuted in Denmark, where he was awarded the Jazzpar Prize.

His last orchestral composition was a concerto for guitar and orchestra, commissioned by Towson University in Maryland for The First World Guitar Congress, which was debuted in June 2004 with the Baltimore Symphony. He was awarded an NEA Jazz Masters Fellowship award in January 2004. Hall was one of the first artists to join the fan-funded label ArtistShare and released "Magic Meeting" in 2005. In 2006, on behalf of the French Minister of Culture, Kareen Rispal, Cultural Counselor of the Embassy of France, bestowed Hall with the honor of Chevalier dans l'ordre des Arts et des Lettres, saying, in part, "We honor you, Jim Hall, for expanding the musical universe, for your innovations and contributions to musical expression. We salute your ongoing experimentation which has been known countless times to bring people around the world together." In November 2008 the double album "Hemispheres" was released through ArtistShare, featuring fellow guitarist and former student Bill Frisell with Scott Colley (bass), Joey Baron (drums) and produced by Brian Camelio.

Hall performed in a project titled The Live Project, where he shared his music making process through ArtistShare as well as interviews with other musicians about his lasting influence. In 2010, Hall and Baron recorded a duo album entitled "Conversations". In 2012 at the age of 81, Hall had gigs at the Blue Note in New York City and at a number of jazz festivals in the US as well as in Europe.

Hall married Jane Hall (née Jane Herbert) on September 9, 1965. Jane, a psychoanalyst by profession, was also an occasional composer and singer. Hall recorded several of her compositions, including "O Gato", "It's Nice to Be with You", "Where Would I Be?", "Goodbye, My Love", "The Answer Is Yes", and "Something Tells Me".

Hall died in his sleep in his Manhattan, New York apartment on December 10, 2013, six days after his 83rd birthday.

"Hall's musical style develops with every new album and collaboration he engages in. His approach to music is unique - he views music as a way to break all barriers, not limited to music, as well as to share his discoveries with others." "Music is a vehicle of peace for Hall and he therefore makes it a goal to reach out to others and communicate his music, teaching seminars all over the world. He is innovative and always interested in new modes of musical expression to further his ability."

Jim Hall insisted a lot on the aural aspect of improvising music, stating that "Players should force themselves to hear something and then play it, rather than just do whatever comes under their fingers. I try to make my playing as fresh as possible by not relying on set patterns."

Hall's tone has been described as mellow, warm, gentle, subtle, rich, and lightly amplified. Unlike other musicians, Hall's work is not necessarily recognized by a signature riff but rather his expressive capabilities. As an arranger, his solos are aptly constructed, taking into account harmonic, melodic and rhythmic elements. They are composed with both feeling and technique with clarity as the ultimate goal.

Hall was especially innovative with instrumentation, mixing classical with jazz by adding violinist Itzhak Perlman into the mix. Furthermore, in 1957, he played in a trio with saxophonist Jimmy Giuffre and trombonist Bob Brookmeyer, without any rhythm section. Without piano, bass, or drums, the three musicians improvise at the same time, keeping rhythm themselves. Similar to Duke Ellington, the other artists on the record influence the composition and he creates music to showcase their talents as well. Furthermore, he is always open to what is new and what others are playing, including the guitar synthesizer.
Silence is as much a part of Hall's music as is sound. Intimate settings, such as smaller clubs, showcase this strength. Hall "carefully [chooses] a few notes instead, one after another, and placed them with the care of someone setting an elegant table." Although Hall is generally a leader, his excellent listening skills allow him to aid other musicians harmonically when required and staying silent when needed. Everyone is equal in Hall's groups, he explains, "each one of these guys is a creative, growing musician, and I treat them that way."

Exemplifying Hall's musical style is his collaboration with guitarist Pat Metheny (1999). The duo had met thirty years previously, when guitarist Attila Zoller brought 15-year-old Metheny to The Guitar, a club where Hall and bassist Carter had a standing position.

Because of his desire for spontaneity and emphasis on communication with other musicians and others, Hall preferred live venues. However, Metheny is the opposite, so the album contains pieces recorded live and in the studio. Reflecting Hall's broad musical tendencies, this album contains originals by him, Metheny, mutual friends Steve Swallow and Zoller, and two standards. Hall and Metheny's expertise and virtuosity allowed for much improvisation, usually spurred by mood, which led to different compositions,"at times acoustic, soft, reverential, melodic, cacophonous, outlandish, humorous, and upbeat." Apart from Metheny, he influenced other contemporary artists such as Bill Frisell, Mick Goodrick, John Scofield, and John Abercrombie.

Hall always used an extremely simple approach regarding his instruments. In the very beginning of his tenure with Chico Hamilton, he used a Gibson Les Paul Custom. He soon switched to the hollow-body electric Gibson ES-175 guitar. This guitar, which Hall used for many years with its original P-90 pickup, was used with a Gibson GA50 amplifier. By the early 1970s, Hall was using a Guild-band humbucker pickup in his guitar. In the mid-to-late 1970s, luthier Jimmy D'Aquisto supplied Hall with a pair of archtop guitars, one of which was all-acoustic, and the other of which had an electric pickup, and Hall began to use these instruments professionally. Also in the 1970s, Hall started using solid-state amplifiers, including those made by Polytone, Walter Woods, and Roland. Hall started working with luthier Roger Sadowsky in 1982, initially using Sadowsky for repair and maintenance work. Eventually the two collaborated on Sadowsky's Jim Hall Model guitar, a commercially available guitar based on Hall's original D'Aquisto.

Hall used flatwound strings gauges 11, 15, 20 (unwound), 30, 40, 50 (from high E to low E) and picks of varying thickness whose usage depended on what part he was playing. He would usually use medium picks for playing melodies, a thin pick if he would play a calypso, or 'some kind of zany rhythmic thing' and heavy picks for ballads. Hall sometimes used a Boss Chorus pedal and a Digitech whammy pedal.

When asked if he ever tried playing solid-body guitars again, he said "solid bodies are strange to me, I need to feel the body resonating".



</doc>
<doc id="758672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=758672" title="Marshall Brown (musician)">
Marshall Brown (musician)

Marshall Richard Brown (1920–1983) was a jazz valve trombonist and teacher. 

Brown graduated from New York University with a degree in music. He was a band teacher in New York City schools, and one of his school band's performed at the Newport Jazz Festival in the 1950s. With George Wein, he went to Europe to look for musicians for the International Youth Band. In the late 1950s he started the Newport Youth Band. His students included Eddie Gomez, Duško Gojković, George Gruntz, Albert Mangelsdorff, Jimmy Owens, and Gabor Szabo. He worked with Ruby Braff, Bobby Hackett, Lee Konitz, and Pee Wee Russell.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Marshall Brown among hundreds of musicians whose material was destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.




</doc>
<doc id="762236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=762236" title="Howard Johnson (jazz musician)">
Howard Johnson (jazz musician)

Howard Lewis Johnson (born August 7, 1941) in Montgomery, Alabama, is an American jazz musician known mainly for his work on tuba and baritone saxophone, although he also plays the bass clarinet, trumpet, and other reed instruments.

Johnson has accompanied George Gruntz extensively. As a leader, he released three albums during the 1990s for Verve Records, the first "Arrival", a tribute to Pharoah Sanders.

In the 1960s he worked with Charles Mingus, Hank Crawford, Rahsaan Roland Kirk, Archie Shepp, and Hank Mobley on the album "A Slice of the Top". He also began a long association with Gil Evans in 1966. He was arranger of a horn section that backed Taj Mahal on Mahal's 1971 live album, "The Real Thing", which featured three other tubists/multi-instrumentalists, Bob Stewart, Joseph Daley and Earl McIntyre. Johnson also played with The Band on their "Rock of Ages" live album, "The Last Waltz" and into the late 2000s with The Band drummer, Levon Helm's Band. During the 1970s, he was the live band conductor of the Saturday Night Live Band; he can be seen in several musical numbers, including playing bass saxophone in the King Tut sketch.

He has also led three tuba bands, collaborated with Tomasz Stanko, Substructure, Tuba Libre and GRAVITY, perhaps his best-known band. He has recorded frequently.

In 1981 he performed at the Woodstock Jazz Festival, held in celebration of the tenth anniversary of the Creative Music Studio.

In 1984, he appeared as part of the Gil Evans Orchestra, accompanying Jaco Pastorius at the Live Under The Sky Festival in Japan.

He had a minor role in the 1983 film, "Eddie and the Cruisers" as Wendell's replacement. He has also appeared in episodes of "Matlock" and "Hill Street Blues".

Johnson famously accompanied James Taylor in a performance of "Jelly Man Kelly" on Sesame Street in 1983, and also on tin whistle when Taylor sings to Oscar The Grouch.

Howard Johnson has two grown children, David and Nedra. David (1964–2009) was an actor in New York, and lived in Brooklyn. Nedra is an accomplished and respected blues singer and musician.


With George Gruntz Concert Jazz Band

With Mario Pavone



</doc>
<doc id="762274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=762274" title="Claude Hopkins">
Claude Hopkins

Claude Driskett Hopkins (August 24, 1903 – February 19, 1984) was an American jazz stride pianist and bandleader.

Claude Hopkins was born in Alexandria, Virginia, United States, in 1903. Historians differ in respect of the actual date of his birth. His parents were on the faculty of Howard University. A talented stride piano player and arranger, he left home at the age of 21 to become a sideman with the Wilbur Sweatman Orchestra but stayed less than a year. In 1925, he left for Europe as the musical director of The Revue Negre which starred Josephine Baker with Sidney Bechet in the band.

He returned to the US in 1927 where, based in Washington, he toured the TOBA circuit with The Ginger Snaps Revue before heading once again for New York City where he took over the band of Charlie Skeets. At this time (1932–36), he led a fairly successful Harlem band employing many jazz musicians who were to become famous in their own right, such as Edmond Hall, Jabbo Smith and Vic Dickenson (although his records were arranged to feature his piano more than his band). This was his most successful period, with long residencies at the Savoy and Roseland ballrooms and at the Cotton Club. In 1937 he took his band on the road with a great deal of success.

The high-pitched vocals of Orlando Roberson (Orlando Herbert Roberson 1909–1977) brought the band a good part of its popularity. The band included Ovie Alston, Fernando Arbello, Shirley Clay, Vic Dickenson, Edmond Hall, Arville Harris, Pete Jacobs, Sylvester Lewis, Ben Smith, and Jabbo Smith.

He broke up the band in 1940 and used his arranging talents working for several non-jazz band leaders and for CBS. In 1948/9 he led a "novelty" band briefly but took a jazz band into The Cafe Society in 1950. From 1951 until his death, he remained in New York City, working mostly as a sideman with other Dixieland bands at festivals, New York clubs, and recording. He died on February 19, 1984.


With Red Allen

With Cozy Cole

With Bud Freeman

With Coleman Hawkins

With Lonnie Johnson

With Ma Rainey


</doc>
<doc id="765705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=765705" title="Horace Henderson">
Horace Henderson

Horace W. Henderson (November 22, 1904 – August 29, 1988), the younger brother of Fletcher Henderson, was an American jazz pianist, organist, arranger, and bandleader.

Henderson was born in Cuthbert, Georgia. While later attending Wilberforce University he formed a band called the Collegians, which included Benny Carter and Rex Stewart. This band was later known as the Horace Henderson Orchestra and then as the Dixie Stompers. Henderson left it to work with Sammy Stewart, then in 1928 organized a new band called the Collegians. Don Redman took over this band in 1931; Henderson continued to work as the band's pianist and arranger before leaving to work for his brother.

Fletcher Henderson's book contained about as many of Horace's arrangements as of Fletcher's. Although Horace worked continually, led bands, arranged, recorded, and composed into the 1980s, and although he is considered by many the more talented and skillful of the Henderson brothers, Fletcher remained more popular and accomplished more in the field.

Horace Henderson arranged for many other jazz musicians of the era. Among his other clients for arrangements were Charlie Barnet, the Casa Loma Orchestra, Tommy Dorsey, Benny Goodman, Earl Hines, and Jimmie Lunceford. His best-known arrangements were of his own "Hot and Anxious" (part of which became the main theme of "In The Mood") and "Christopher Columbus", of which he was one of the writers (but never received credit). He also wrote another popular instrumental of the big band era titled "Big John's Special". These were three important compositions of the period.

At different times in his career, Horace was pianist and musical director for both Lena Horne and Billie Holiday.


</doc>
<doc id="772206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=772206" title="Al Hibbler">
Al Hibbler

Albert George Hibbler (August 16, 1915 – April 24, 2001) was an American baritone vocalist, who sang with Duke Ellington's orchestra before having several pop hits as a solo artist. Some of Hibbler's singing is classified as rhythm and blues, but he is best seen as a bridge between R&B and traditional pop music. According to one authority, "Hibbler cannot be regarded as a jazz singer but as an exceptionally good interpreter of twentieth-century popular songs who happened to work with some of the best jazz musicians of the time."

Hibbler was born in Tyro, Mississippi, United States, and was blind from birth. Some sources give his birth name as Andrew George Hibbler. At the age of 12 he moved to Little Rock, Arkansas, where he attended Arkansas School for the Blind, joining the school choir. Later he began working as a blues singer in local bands, failing his first audition for Duke Ellington in 1935. However, after winning an amateur talent contest in Memphis, Tennessee, he was given his start with Dub Jenkins and his Playmates; Jenkins was a popular Memphis saxophonist and bandleader. He later joined a band led by Jay McShann in 1942, and the following year joined Ellington's orchestra, replacing Herb Jeffries.

He stayed with Ellington for almost eight years, and featured on a range of Ellington standards, including "Do Nothin' Til You Hear From Me", the words for which were written specifically for him and which reached # 6 on the "Billboard" pop chart (and # 1 for eight weeks on the "Harlem Hit Parade") in 1944, "I Ain't Got Nothin' But the Blues," and "I'm Just a Lucky So-and-So". Although Hibbler's style was described as "mannered", "over-stated", and "full of idiosyncrasies" and "bizarre vocal pyrotechnics", he was also considered "undoubtedly the best" of Ellington's male vocalists. While with Ellington, Hibbler won the "Esquire" New Star Award in 1947 and the "Down Beat" award for Best Band Vocalist in 1949.

Hibbler left Ellington's band in 1951 after a dispute over his wages. He then recorded with various bands including those of Johnny Hodges and Count Basie, and for various labels including Mercury and Norgran, a subsidiary of Verve Records, for whom he released an LP, "Al Hibbler Favorites", in 1953. In 1954 he released a more successful album, "Al Hibbler Sings Duke Ellington", and in 1955, he started recording with Decca Records, with immediate success. His biggest hit was "Unchained Melody", which reached # 3 on the US pop chart, sold over one million copies, and was awarded a gold disc. Hibbler's version also reached # 2 in the United Kingdom, becoming his only British chart success. Its success led to network appearances, including a live jazz club remote on NBC's "Monitor". Other hits were "He" (1955), "11th Hour Melody" and "Never Turn Back" (both in 1956). "After the Lights Go Down Low" (also in 1956) was his last top ten hit.

In the late 1950s and 1960s, Hibbler became a civil rights activist, marching with protestors and getting arrested in 1959 in New Jersey and in 1963 in Alabama. The notoriety of this activism discouraged major record labels from carrying his work, but Frank Sinatra supported him and signed him to a contract with his label, Reprise Records. However, Hibbler made very few recordings after that, occasionally doing live appearances through the 1990s. In 1971, Hibbler sang two songs at Louis Armstrong's funeral. In 1972 he made an album, "A Meeting of the Times", with another fiercely independent blind musician, the multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk.

He died at Holy Cross Hospital in Chicago in 2001, at the age of 85. He is buried at Lincoln Cemetery in Blue Island, Illinois.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Al Hibbler among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.


With Count Basie






</doc>
<doc id="775634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=775634" title="György Cziffra">
György Cziffra

György Cziffra (in Hungarian form Cziffra György ; 5 November 192115 January 1994), also known as Georges Cziffra and George Cziffra, was a Hungarian virtuoso pianist and composer. He is considered to be one of the greatest pianists of all time. Among his teachers were István Thomán, who was a favourite pupil of Franz Liszt.

He became a French citizen in 1968. Cziffra is known for his recordings of works of Franz Liszt, Frédéric Chopin and Robert Schumann, and also for his technically demanding arrangements of several orchestral works for the piano – among them, Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's "Flight of the Bumblebee" and Johann Strauss II's "The Blue Danube".

Cziffra was born to a poor family in Budapest in 1921. In his memoirs Cziffra describes his father as "a cabaret artist". His parents had lived in Paris before World War I, when they were expelled as enemy aliens.

His earliest training in piano came from watching his sister practice. She had decided she was going to learn the piano after finding a job which allowed her to save the required amount of money for buying an upright piano. Cziffra, who was weak as a child, often watched his sister practice, and mimicked her. He learned without sheet music, instead repeating and improvising over tunes sung by his parents. Later he earned money as a child improvising on popular music at a local circus.

In 1930 Cziffra began to study at the Franz Liszt Academy under the tuition of Ernő Dohnányi until 1941, when he was conscripted into the Hungarian Army. He gave numerous concerts in Hungary, Scandinavia and the Netherlands.

Hungary was allied with the Axis during the Second World War. Cziffra had just married his wife Soleilka, who was pregnant when he entered military training. His unit was sent to the Russian front. He was captured by Russian partisans and held as a prisoner of war. After the war he earned a living playing in Budapest bars and clubs, touring with a European Jazz band from 1947–1950 and earning recognition as a superb Jazz pianist and virtuoso.

After attempting to escape communist Hungary in 1950 he was again imprisoned and subject to hard labour in the period 1950–1953. In 1956 Cziffra escaped with his wife and son to Vienna, where his recital was warmly received. His successful Paris debut the following year preceded his London debut at the Royal Festival Hall playing Liszt's first piano concerto and "Hungarian Fantasy" which was also well received. His career continued with concerts throughout Europe and debuts at the Ravinia Festival (Grieg and Liszt concertos with Carl Schuricht) and Carnegie Hall, New York with Thomas Schippers.

Cziffra always performed with a large leather wristband to support the ligaments of his wrist, which were damaged after he was forced to carry 130 pounds of concrete up six flights of stairs during his two years in a labor camp.

In "Cannons and Flowers", his autobiography, which has been described as "a hallucinatory journey through privation, acclaim, hostility and personal tragedy", Cziffra recounts his life story up until 1977. In 1966, he founded the Festival de musique de La Chaise-Dieu in the Auvergne, and three years later he inaugurated the piano competition named after him at Versailles. In 1968 he took French citizenship and adopted the first name 'Georges'. In 1977 he founded the Cziffra Foundation, sited in the Saint Frambourg chapel in Senlis, Oise, which he bought and restored, with the aim of helping young musicians at the outset of their careers.

Cziffra's son, György Cziffra Jr., was a professional conductor and participated in several concerts and recordings with his father. However, his promising career was cut short by his death in an apartment fire in 1981. Cziffra never again performed or recorded with an orchestra, and some critics have commented that the severe emotional blow affected his playing quality.

Cziffra died in Longpont-sur-Orge, Essonne, France, aged 72, from a heart attack resulting from a series of complications from lung cancer.







</doc>
<doc id="782487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=782487" title="Nat Adderley">
Nat Adderley

Nat Adderley (November 25, 1931 – January 2, 2000) was an American jazz trumpeter. He was the younger brother of saxophonist Julian "Cannonball" Adderley, whom he remained very close to in his career, but under whose shadow he lived for most of his life.

Adderley's composition "Work Song" is a jazz standard, and also became a success on the pop charts after singer Oscar Brown Jr. wrote lyrics for it.

Nathaniel Carlyle Adderley was born in Tampa, Florida, but moved to Tallahassee when his parents were hired to teach at Florida A&M University. His father played trumpet professionally in his younger years, and he passed down his trumpet to Cannonball. When Cannonball picked up the alto saxophone, he passed the trumpet to Nat, who began playing in 1946. He and Cannonball played with Ray Charles in the early 1940s in Tallahassee and in amateur gigs around the area.

Adderley attended Florida University, majoring in sociology with a minor in music. He switched to cornet in 1950. From 1951–1953 he served in the army and played in the army band under his brother, taking at least one tour of Korea before returning to a station in the United States. After returning home, he attended Florida A&M intending to become a teacher.

Shortly before Adderley was expected to begin student teaching, Lionel Hampton played a concert at Florida A&M. Confident in his abilities, he played for Hampton, and Hampton invited him to join the band. Putting school on hold, he played under Hampton from 1954 to 1955 and went to Europe on tour. After returning, he intended to go back to school to become a teacher.

The turning point in the Adderley brothers' careers occurred on a trip to New York in 1955. The brothers stopped by the Café Bohemia in Greenwich Village when bassist Oscar Pettiford was playing. Both of them showed up ready to play. Cannonball was asked to sit in because the regular saxophonist was out, and he overwhelmed the musicians. Then Nat was pulled on stage, and everyone was equally impressed. This appearance was enough to renew their careers. Job offers began pouring in, and Nat recorded for the first time that year.

The brothers moved to New York City to pursue their careers, founding the bop group Cannonball Adderley Quintet in 1956. Due to lack of popular interest, they disbanded the group in 1957. Nat played for trombonist J. J. Johnson for a couple of years and ended up in the Woody Herman sextet. Cannonball rose to higher fame, joining the Miles Davis sextet alongside John Coltrane in time to record the album "Kind of Blue".

In 1959 the Cannonball Adderley Quintet reunited for another attempt at popularity. This time around the group was more successful and had its first hit, "This Here", written by pianist Bobby Timmons. The group sound became known as soul jazz, starting the genre. The quintet also played hard bop, as everyone in the group had been influenced by bebop and wanted to continue a virtuosic tradition. Soul jazz kept the group popular, while hard bop gave the musicians a chance to challenge themselves and demonstrate their abilities.

During the 1960s, Adderley acted as cornetist, composer, and manager for the quintet. While he kept the band in order, he also composed some of the group's most successful songs. His most successful song was "Work Song", a hard bop tune. Adderley called it his "Social Security song" due to the steady flow of income over the years from to royalty payments when others recorded the song. "Work Song" is now considered a jazz standard. His other popular songs include "Jive Samba", "Hummin'", "Sermonette", and "The Old Country".

While he was an integral part of the Cannonball Adderley Quintet, this was not the only project occupying his time in his career as professional jazz musician. Since moving to New York, he had been recording outside the Adderley group. He worked with Kenny Clarke, Wes Montgomery, and Walter Booker.

Other projects included the 1966 film "A Man Called Adam". In the film, Sammy Davis Jr.'s character plays the trumpet. Since Davis could not play the trumpet in real life, Adderley was hired to ghost everything that the character played. His other significant project during this time was a musical. He and his brother wrote "Shout Up a Morning" based on the folk hero John Henry. While this project started as a collaboration, work was interrupted when Cannonball died from a stroke.

After Cannonball's death in 1975, the quintet broke up. Nat Adderley toured Europe as a headliner. He toured Japan, then returned to the U.S. and taught courses at Harvard while performing and recording with his quintet, which included Walter Booker, Jimmy Cobb, and Vincent Herring. Adderley established a name for himself away from his brother. He also worked with Ron Carter, Sonny Fortune, Johnny Griffin, and Antonio Hart.

Adderley created the Adderley Brotherhood, a sextet which included several members of the Cannonball Adderley Quintet. This group toured Europe in 1980. "Shout Up a Morning", after having a concert performance in Carnegie Hall shortly after Cannonball's death, was staged in several locations around the United States in 1986. Adderley became involved in several other ensembles over the next decade, including the Paris Reunion Band and a group that labeled themselves the Riverside Reunion Band, a bop group that formed at the Monterey Jazz Festival in 1993 and then toured Europe in 1994.

Adderley spent half the year touring and the other half at home in Lakeland, Florida, writing and recording. He thought many of his greatest fans were in Japan, but Europeans were also enthusiastic about the music.

In 1997, he joined the faculty of Florida Southern College as an artist-in-residence. He also helped in the founding and development of the annual Child of the Sun Jazz Festival held annually at the university which he headlined for over a decade. During the same year, he was inducted into the Jazz Hall of Fame in Kansas City.

He lived on 112th Street in Harlem in the 1960s and in Teaneck, New Jersey, in the 1970s, before moving to Lakeland. He also lived near his brother in Corona, Queens.

Nat Adderley died as a result of complications from diabetes at the age of 68 in Lakeland, Florida. He was interred near his brother in the Southside Cemetery in Tallahassee, Florida. He was an innovator in the popularization of soul jazz and was one of the most prolific jazz artists of his time, recording nearly 100 albums. He proved that cornet could be a modern jazz instrument.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Nat Adderley among hundreds of artists who lost material in the 2008 Universal fire.

Although Adderley started playing trumpet, he switched to the less common cornet. He preferred the darker tone of the conical cornet to the brighter sound of the cylindrical trumpet. He could produce a rich, earthy tone that became his signature sound, one that could only come from the cornet. He also enjoyed the cornet's historic quality, reinvigorating the instrument played by the founders of Dixieland jazz.

Adderley is widely attributed with the development and establishment of the 1960s style of soul jazz along with the rest of the members Cannonball Adderley Quintet. This style is characterized by simple harmonies, a heavy blues feel, catchy riffs, and a presence of the church. The point of soul jazz was to bring back a simpler type of jazz that had direct influence from blues and church music.

However, this is not the only style that Adderley wrote and played. The quintet was also widely known for their hard bop, which comprised roughly half of their recorded work. This is a rougher, edgier style descended from bebop, and virtuosic abilities are required to be able to play it.

As a soloist and composer, Adderley had a wide range of abilities. He could improvise simpler, more soulful solos for soul jazz numbers, but he could experiment and show off all of his abilities for hard bop. Especially in playing hard bop, he was not afraid to use the range of the instrument, often playing below the typical cornet range for short bursts before returning to the normal range. Although his range was starting to fade by the late 1960s, this did not keep him from continuing to play for the rest of his life.


With Cannonball Adderley
With Gene Ammons
With Kenny Burrell
With Charlie Byrd
With James Clay
With Victor Feldman
With Red Garland
With Benny Golson
With Bennie Green and Gene Ammons
With Johnny Griffin
With Louis Hayes
With Jimmy Heath
With Milt Jackson
With Budd Johnson
With J. J. Johnson
With Philly Joe Jones
With Sam Jones
With Quincy Jones
With Wynton Kelly
With King Curtis
With Oliver Nelson
With Sal Nistico
With Sonny Rollins
With A. K. Salim
With Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson
With Don Wilkerson
With Joe Williams


</doc>
<doc id="784425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=784425" title="Slim Gaillard">
Slim Gaillard

Bulee "Slim" Gaillard (January 9, 1911 – February 26, 1991), also known as McVouty, was an American jazz singer and songwriter who played piano, guitar, vibraphone, and tenor saxophone.

Gaillard was noted for his comedic vocalese singing and word play in his own constructed language called "Vout-o-Reenee", for which he wrote a dictionary. In addition to English, he spoke five languages (Spanish, German, Greek, Arabic, and Armenian) with varying degrees of fluency.

He rose to prominence in the late 1930s with hits such as "Flat Foot Floogie (with a Floy Floy)" and "Cement Mixer (Put-Ti-Put-Ti)" after forming Slim and Slam with Leroy Eliot "Slam" Stewart. During World War II, Gaillard served as a bomber pilot in the Pacific. In 1944, he resumed his music career and performed with notable jazz musicians such as Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, and Dodo Marmarosa.

In the 1960s and 1970s, he acted in films—sometimes as himself—and also appeared in bit parts in television series such as "".

In the 1980s, Gaillard resumed touring the circuit of European jazz festivals. He followed Dizzy Gillespie's advice to move to Europe and, in 1983, settled in London, where he died on 26 February 1991, after a long career in music, film and television, spanning nearly six decades.

Along with Gaillard's date of birth, his lineage and place of birth are disputed. Many sources state that he was born in Detroit, Michigan, though he said that he was born in Santa Clara, Cuba of an Afro-Cuban mother called Maria (Mary Gaillard) and a German-Jewish father called Theophilus (Theophilus Rothschild) who worked as a ship's steward.

During an interview in 1989, Gaillard added: "They all think I was born in Detroit because that was the first place I got into when I got to America." However, the 1920 census lists one "Beuler Gillard" as living in Pensacola, Florida, having been born in April, 1918 in Alabama. Researchers Bob Eagle and Eric LeBlanc have concluded that he was born in June 1918 in Claiborne, Alabama, where a "Theophilus Rothchild" had been raised the son of a successful merchant in the small town of Burnt Corn; other documents give his name as Wilson, Bulee, or Beuler Gillard or Gaillard.

At the age of twelve, he accompanied his father on a world voyage and was accidentally left behind on the island of Crete. On a television documentary in 1989, he said, "When I was stranded in Crete, I was only twelve years old. I stayed there for four years. I traveled on the boats to Beirut and Syria and I learned to speak the language and the people's way of life." After learning a few words of Greek, he worked on the island "making shoes and hats". He then joined a ship working the eastern Mediterranean ports, mainly Beirut, where he picked up some knowledge of Arabic. When he was about 15, he re-crossed the Atlantic, hoping the ship would take him home to Cuba, but it was bound for the U.S. and he ended up in Detroit. He never saw either of his parents again.

Alone and unable to speak English, he tried to get a job at Ford Motor Company but was rejected because of his age. He worked at a general store owned by an Armenian family, with whom he lived for some time, then tried to become a boxer. During Prohibition in 1931 or 1932, he drove a hearse with a coffin that was packed with whiskey for the Purple Gang. He attended evening classes in music and taught himself to play guitar and piano. When Duke Ellington came to Detroit, he went backstage and met his hero. Determined to become a musical entertainer, he moved to New York City and entered the world of show business as a 'professional amateur'. As Gaillard recalled much later:

Gaillard first rose to prominence in the late 1930s as part of Slim & Slam, a jazz novelty act he formed with bassist Slam Stewart. Their hits included "Flat Foot Floogie (with a Floy Floy)", "Cement Mixer (Put-Ti-Put-Ti)" and the hipster anthem, "The Groove Juice Special (Opera in Vout)". The duo performs in the 1941 movie "Hellzapoppin'".

Gaillard's appeal was similar to Cab Calloway's and Louis Jordan's in that he presented a hip style with broad appeal (for example in his children's song "Down by the Station"). Unlike them, he was a master improviser whose stream of consciousness vocals ranged far from the original lyrics. He sang wild interpolations of nonsense syllables, such as "MacVoutie O-reeney". One such performance is celebrated in the 1957 novel "On the Road" by Jack Kerouac. Gaillard, with Dodo Marmarosa on piano, appeared as a guest several times on "Command Performance", recorded at KNX radio studios in Hollywood in the 1940s and distributed on transcription discs to American troops in World War II.

In 1943, Gaillard was drafted in the United States Army Air Forces and "qualified as a pilot flying [...] B-26 bombers in the Pacific" and resumed his music career on his release from the draft in 1944. Upon his return he released the song Atomic Cocktail, which featured seemingly lighthearted lyrics laced with symbolism about nuclear war.

Gaillard later teamed with bassist Bam Brown. They can be seen in a 1947 motion picture featurette "O'Voutie O'Rooney" filmed live at one of their nightclub performances. Slim and Bam was featured at the first Cavalcade of Jazz concert held at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles that was produced by Leon Hefflin Sr. on September 23, 1945 along with Count Basie. Gaillard also played for the 2nd Cavalcade of Jazz held at Wrigley Field on Oct. 12, 1946, and played for the 3rd Cavalcade of Jazz held also at Wrigley Field on September 7, 1947.

In the late 1940s and early 1950s, Gaillard frequently opened at Birdland for Charlie Parker, Flip Phillips, and Coleman Hawkins. His December 1945 session with Parker and Dizzy Gillespie is notable, both musically and for its relaxed convivial air. "Slim's Jam", from that session, is one of the earliest known recordings of Parker's speaking voice.

Gaillard could play several instruments and managed to turn the performance from jazz to comedy. He would play the guitar with his left hand fretting with fingers pointing down over the fingerboard (instead of the usual way up from under it), or would play credible piano solos with his palms facing up. Gaillard wrote the theme song to the Peter Potter radio show. In addition, in 1950 he wrote and recorded the "Don Pitts On the Air" theme for San Francisco DJ Don Pitts. On March 27, 2008 the Pitts theme song entered the archives of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, Ohio.

In the early 1960s, Gaillard lived in San Diego, California. During that time he recorded several singles and performed with local bands. Under the name Slim Delgado, he recorded a rock and roll single for the Xavier label titled "Frank Rhoads Round."

Gaillard appeared in several shows in the 1960s and 1970s, such as "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "Charlie's Angels", "", "Medical Center", "The Flip Wilson Show", and "Then Came Bronson". He also appeared in the 1970s TV series "" and reprised some of his old hits on the NBC prime-time variety program "The Chuck Barris Rah Rah Show".

By the early 1980s Gaillard was touring the European jazz festival circuit, playing with such musicians as Arnett Cobb. He also played with George Melly and John Chilton's Feetwarmers, appearing on their BBC television series and also occasionally deputising for Melly when he was unwell. Gaillard's behavior on stage was often erratic and nerve-wracking for the accompanying musicians. He made a guest appearance on Show 106 of the 1980s music program "Night Music", an NBC late-night music series hosted by David Sanborn.

Around Christmas 1985, Gaillard recorded the album "Siboney" at Gateway Studios in Battersea, London, produced by Joe Massot. As Massot recalled later:

Gaillard used Yiddish in at least two of his songs, "Dunkin' Bagels", and "Matzo Balls", where he refers to numerous Jewish ethnic dishes eaten by Ashkenazi Jews. The songs were issued by the Slim Gaillard Quartet in 1945 on the Melodisc label, featuring Gaillard on guitar, Zutty Singleton on drums, "Tiny" Brown on bass and Dodo Marmarosa on piano. "Dunkin Bagels" was later included in the 2010 compilation CD "Black Sabbath: The Secret Musical History of Black-Jewish Relations", issued by the Idelsohn Society for Musical Preservation.

He made a cover version of a Greek folk song called "Tee say malee" ("Why Do You Care"). Arabic is used in some of Gaillard's songs, for example "Yep-Roc-Heresy" and "Arabian Boogie". Irish is present in the name "O'Voutie O'Rooney", the title of his 1947 movie and reminiscent of Vout-o-Reenee, the name he used for his invented language.

Gaillard fathered several children: Janis Gaye (née Hunter, ex-wife of singer Marvin Gaye and mother of Nona Gaye and Frankie Christian Gaye), Michael Gaillard, Mark Gaillard, Casonna S. Gaillard and Michael Hamlin.






</doc>
<doc id="786408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=786408" title="Louie Bellson">
Louie Bellson

Louis Bellson (born Luigi Paulino Alfredo Francesco Antonio Balassoni on July 6, 1924 – February 14, 2009), known by the stage name Louie Bellson (his own preferred spelling, although he is often seen in sources as Louis Bellson), was an American jazz drummer. He was a composer, arranger, bandleader, and jazz educator, and is credited with pioneering the use of two bass drums.

Bellson was an internationally acclaimed artist who performed in most of the major capitals around the world. Bellson and his wife, actress and singer Pearl Bailey (married from 1952 until Bailey's death in 1990), had the second highest number of appearances at the White House (only Bob Hope had more).

Bellson was a vice president at Remo, a drum company. He was inducted into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 1985.

Bellson was born in Rock Falls, Illinois in 1924, where his father owned a music store. He started playing drums at three years of age. While still a young child, Bellson's father moved the family and music store to Moline, Illinois . At 15, he pioneered using two bass drums at the same time, a technique he invented in his high school art class. At age 17, he triumphed over 40,000 drummers to win the Slingerland National Gene Krupa contest.

After graduating from Moline High School in 1942, he worked with big bands throughout the 1940s, with Benny Goodman, Tommy Dorsey, Harry James, and Duke Ellington. In 1952, he married jazz singer Pearl Bailey. During the 1950s, he played with the Dorsey Brothers, Jazz at the Philharmonic, acted as Bailey's music director, and recorded as a leader for Norgran Records and Verve Records.

Over the years, his sidemen included Ray Brown, Pete and Conte Candoli, Chuck Findley, John Heard, Roger Ingram, Don Menza, Blue Mitchell, Larry Novak, Nat Pierce, Frank Rosolino, Bobby Shew, Clark Terry, and Snooky Young.

In an interview in 2005 with "Jazz Connection" magazine, he cited as influences Jo Jones, Sid Catlett, and Chick Webb. "I have to give just dues to two guys who really got me off on the drums – Big Sid Catlett and Jo Jones. They were my influences. All three of us realized what Jo Jones did and it influenced a lot of us. We all three looked to Jo as the 'Papa' who really did it. Gene helped bring the drums to the foreground as a solo instrument. Buddy was a great natural player. But we also have to look back at Chick Webb's contributions, too."

During the 1960s, he returned to Ellington's orchestra for Emancipation Proclamation Centennial stage production, "My People" in and for A Concert of Sacred Music, which is sometimes called The First Sacred Concert. Ellington called these concerts "the most important thing I have ever done."

Bellson's album "The Sacred Music of Louie Bellson and the Jazz Ballet" appeared in 2006. In May 2009, Francine Bellson told "The Jazz Joy and Roy" syndicated radio show, "I like to call (Sacred) 'how the Master used two maestros,'" adding, "When (Ellington) did his sacred concert back in 1965 with Louie on drums, he told Louie that the sacred concerts were based on 'in-the-beginning,' the first three words of the bible." She recalled how Ellington explained to Louie that "in the beginning there was lightning and thunder and that's you!" Ellington exclaimed, pointing out that Louie's drums were the thunder. Both Ellington and Louie, says Mrs. Bellson, were deeply religious. "Ellington told Louie, 'You ought to do a sacred concert of your own' and so it was," said Bellson, adding, "'The Sacred Music of Louie Bellson' combines symphony, big band and choir, while 'The Jazz Ballet' is based on the vows of Holy Matrimony..."

On December 5, 1971 he took part in a memorial concert at London's Queen Elizabeth Hall for drummer Frank King. This tribute show also featured Buddy Rich and British drummer Kenny Clare. The orchestra was led by Irish trombonist Bobby Lamb and American trombonist Raymond Premru. A few years later, Rich (often called the world's greatest drummer) paid Bellson a compliment by asking him to lead his band on tour while he (Rich) was temporarily disabled by a back injury. Bellson accepted.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Louie Bellson among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

As a prolific creator of music, both written and improvised, his compositions and arrangements (in the hundreds) embrace jazz, jazz/rock/fusion, romantic orchestral suites, symphonic works and a ballet. Bellson was also a poet and a lyricist. His only Broadway venture, "Portofino" (1958), was a resounding flop that closed after three performances.

As an author, he published more than a dozen books on drums and percussion. He was at work with his biographer on a book chronicling his career and bearing the same name as one of his compositions, "Skin Deep". In addition, "The London Suite" (recorded on his album "Louie in London") was performed at the Hollywood Pilgrimage Bowl before a record-breaking audience. The three-part work includes a choral section in which a 12-voice choir sings lyrics penned by Bellson. Part One is the band's rousing "Carnaby Street", a collaboration with Jack Hayes.

In 1987, at the Percussive Arts Society convention in Washington, D.C., Bellson and Harold Farberman performed a major orchestral work titled "Concerto for Jazz Drummer and Full Orchestra", the first piece ever written specifically for jazz drummer and full symphony orchestra. This work was recorded by the Bournemouth Symphony Orchestra in England, and was released by the Swedish label BIS.

Bellson was known throughout his career to conduct drum and band clinics at high schools, colleges and music stores.

Bellson maintained a tight schedule of clinics and performances of both big bands and small bands in colleges, clubs and concert halls. In between, he continued to record and compose, resulting in more than 100 albums and more than 300 compositions. Bellson's Telarc debut recording, "Louie Bellson And His Big Band: Live From New York", was released in June 1994. He also created new drum technology for Remo, of which he was vice-president.

Bellson received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters in 1985 at Northern Illinois University. As of 2005, among other performing activities, Bellson had visited his home town of Rock Falls, Illinois every July for Louie Bellson Heritage Days, a weekend in his honor close to his July 6 birthday, with receptions, music clinics and other performances by Bellson. At the 2004 event celebrating his 80th birthday, Bellson said, "I'm not that old; I'm 40 in this leg, and 40 in the other leg." He celebrated his birthday every year at the River Music Experience in Davenport, Iowa.

Bellson was voted into the Halls of Fame for "Modern Drummer" magazine, in 1985, and the Percussive Arts Society, in 1978. Yale University named him a Duke Ellington Fellow in 1977. He received an honorary Doctorate from Northern Illinois University in 1985. He performed his original concert – Tomus I, II, III – with the Washington Civic Symphony in historic Constitution Hall in 1993. A combination of full symphony orchestra, big-band ensemble and 80-voice choir, "Tomus" was a collaboration of music by Bellson and lyrics by his late wife, Pearl Bailey. Bellson was a nine-time Grammy Award nominee.

In January 1994, Bellson received the NEA Jazz Masters Award from the National Endowment for the Arts. As one of three recipients, he was lauded by NEA chair Jane Alexander, who said, "These colossal talents have helped write the history of jazz in America."

On November 19, 1952, Bellson married an American actress and singer, Pearl Bailey, in London. Bellson and Bailey adopted a son, Tony, in the mid-1950s, and a daughter, Dee Dee (born April 20, 1960). Tony Bellson died in 2004, and Dee Dee Bellson died on July 4, 2009 at age 49, within five months of her father. After Bailey's death in 1990, Bellson married Francine Wright in September 1992.

Trained as a physicist and engineer at MIT, Wright became his manager. The union lasted until his death in 2009.

On February 14, 2009, Bellson died at age 84 from complications of a broken hip suffered in December 2008 and Parkinson's disease. He is buried next to his father in Riverside Cemetery, Moline, Illinois.

With Count Basie
With James Brown
With Benny Carter
With Buddy Collette
With Duke Ellington
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Stephane Grappelli
With Johnny Hodges
With Harry James
With Oscar Peterson
With Mel Powell
With Sonny Stitt
With The Trumpet Kings
With Sarah Vaughan
With Ben Webster






</doc>
<doc id="788436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=788436" title="Ben Webster">
Ben Webster

Benjamin Francis Webster (March 27, 1909 – September 20, 1973) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist. He is considered one of the three most important "swing tenors" along with Coleman Hawkins and Lester Young. Known affectionately as "The Brute" or "Frog", he had a tough, raspy, and brutal tone on stomps (with growls), yet on ballads he played with warmth and sentiment. He was indebted to alto saxophonist Johnny Hodges, who, he said, taught him to play his instrument.

Born in Kansas City, Missouri, United States, he studied violin in elementary and taught himself piano with the help of his neighbor Pete Johnson, who taught him the blues. In 1927-1928 he played for silent movies in Kansas City and in Amarillo, Texas.

Once Budd Johnson showed him some basics on the saxophone, Webster began to focus on that instrument, playing in the Young Family Band (which at the time included Lester Young), although he did return to the piano from time to time, even recording on the instrument occasionally. 

In his first biography (‘Ben Webster / In A mellow Tone’, Van Gennep/The Netherlands, 1992, published as ‘Ben Webster / His Life and Music’ with Berkeley Hills Books/USA in 2001), author Jeroen de Valk (assisted by Ben’s cousin Harley W. Robinson) traces back his ancestry to his great-great grandmother, a woman from Guinea who reportedly was brought to America as a slave in the early 19th century. Her son managed to escape from slavery. He called himself 'Missourian Sallé'. Ben’s father, who worked as a porter on Pullman trains, separated from his mother before his son was born. Ben was raised by his grand-aunt, Agnes Johnson, to whom he referred as his ‘grandmother’. Her father was Missourian Sallé. His mother Mayme worked as a school teacher. 
He had to play the violin as a kid but hated the instrument, as other kids called him ‘sissy with the violin’. He had his first piano lessons by his second cousin, Joyce Cockrell. He changed to the tenor saxophone after hearing Frankie Trumbauer’s solo on the C-Melody saxophone in 'Singing The Blues', but soon Coleman Hawkins became a major influence. 
Webster was married for a couple of years in the early 40s to Eudora Williams. He never had a family of his own and lived with his mother and grand-aunt off and on until their passing in 1963. 

Kansas City was a melting pot from which emerged some of the biggest names in 1930s jazz. Webster joined Bennie Moten's band in 1932, a grouping which also included Count Basie, Hot Lips and Walter Page. This era was recreated in Robert Altman's film "Kansas City".

Webster spent time with quite a few orchestras in the 1930s, including Andy Kirk, the Fletcher Henderson Orchestra in 1934, then Benny Carter, Willie Bryant, Cab Calloway, and the short-lived Teddy Wilson big band.

Ben Webster played with Duke Ellington's orchestra for the first time in 1935, and by 1940 was performing with it full-time as the band's first major tenor soloist. He credited Johnny Hodges, Ellington's alto soloist, as a major influence on his playing. During the next three years, he played on many recordings, including "Cotton Tail" and "All Too Soon"; his contributions (together with that of bassist Jimmy Blanton) were so important that Ellington's orchestra during that period is known as the Blanton–Webster band. Webster left the band in 1943 after an angry altercation during which he allegedly cut up one of Ellington's suits. Another version of Webster's leaving Ellington came from Clark Terry, a longtime Ellington player, who said that, in a dispute, Webster slapped Ellington, upon which the latter gave him two weeks notice.

After leaving Ellington in 1943, Webster worked on 52nd Street in New York City, where he recorded frequently as both a leader and a sideman. During this time he had short periods with Raymond Scott, John Kirby, Bill DeArango, and Sid Catlett, as well as with Jay McShann's band, which also featured blues shouter Jimmy Witherspoon. For a few months in 1948, he returned briefly to Ellington's orchestra.

In 1953, he recorded "King of the Tenors" with pianist Oscar Peterson, who would be an important collaborator with Webster throughout the decade in his recordings for the various labels of Norman Granz. Along with Peterson, trumpeter Harry 'Sweets' Edison and others, he was touring and recording with Granz's Jazz at the Philharmonic package. In 1956, he recorded a classic set with pianist Art Tatum, supported by bassist Red Callender and drummer Bill Douglass. "Coleman Hawkins Encounters Ben Webster" with fellow tenor saxophonist Coleman Hawkins was recorded on December 16, 1957, along with Peterson, Herb Ellis (guitar), Ray Brown (bass), and Alvin Stoller (drums). The Hawkins and Webster recording is a jazz classic, the coming together of two giants of the tenor saxophone, who had first met back in Kansas City.

In the late 1950s, he formed a quintet with Gerry Mulligan and played frequently at a Los Angeles club called Renaissance. It was there that the Webster-Mulligan group backed up blues singer Jimmy Witherspoon on an album recorded live for Hi-Fi Jazz Records. That same year, 1959, the quintet, with pianist Jimmy Rowles, bassist Leroy Vinnegar, and drummer Mel Lewis, also recorded "Gerry Mulligan Meets Ben Webster" for Verve Records (MG V-8343).

Webster generally worked steadily, but in late 1964 he moved permanently to Europe, working with other American jazz musicians based there as well as local musicians. He played when he pleased during his last decade. He lived in London and several locations in Scandinavia for one year, followed by three years in Amsterdam and made his last home in Copenhagen in 1969. Webster appeared as a sax player in a low-rent cabaret club in the 1970 Danish blue film titled "Quiet Days in Clichy". In 1971, Webster reunited with Duke Ellington and his orchestra for a couple of shows at the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen; he also recorded "live" in France with Earl Hines. He also recorded or performed with Buck Clayton, Bill Coleman and Teddy Wilson.

Webster suffered a cerebral bleed in Amsterdam in September 1973, following a performance at the Twee Spieghels in Leiden, and died on 20 September. His body was cremated in Copenhagen and his ashes were buried in the Assistens Cemetery in the Nørrebro section of the city.

After Webster's death, Billy Moore Jr., together with the trustee of Webster's estate, created the Ben Webster Foundation. Since Webster's only legal heir, Harley Robinson of Los Angeles, gladly assigned his rights to the foundation, the Ben Webster Foundation was confirmed by the Queen of Denmark's Seal in 1976. In the Foundation's trust deed, one of the initial paragraphs reads: "to support the dissemination of jazz in Denmark". The trust is a beneficial foundation which channels Webster's annual royalties to musicians in both Denmark and the U.S. An annual Ben Webster Prize is awarded to a young outstanding musician. The prize is not large, but is considered highly prestigious. Over the years, several American musicians have visited Denmark with the help of the Foundation, and concerts, a few recordings, and other jazz-related events have been supported.

Webster's private collection of jazz recordings and memorabilia is archived in the jazz collections at the University Library of Southern Denmark, Odense.

Ben Webster used the same Saxophone from 1938 until his death in 1973. Ben left instructions that the horn was never to be played again. It is on display in the Jazz Institute at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, NJ.

Ben Webster has a street named after him in southern Copenhagen, "Ben Websters Vej".

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Ben Webster among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.


With Count Basie

With Buddy Bregman

With Benny Carter
With Harry Edison

With Duke Ellington

With Dizzy Gillespie

With Lionel Hampton
With Coleman Hawkins

With Woody Herman

With Johnny Hodges

With Richard "Groove" Holmes

With Illinois Jacquet

With Barney Kessel

With Mundell Lowe

With Les McCann

With Carmen McRae

With Oliver Nelson

With Buddy Rich

With Art Tatum

With Clark Terry

With Joe Williams



</doc>
<doc id="793333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=793333" title="Jimmy Heath">
Jimmy Heath

James Edward Heath (October 25, 1926 – January 19, 2020), nicknamed Little Bird, was an American jazz saxophonist, composer, arranger and big band leader. He was the brother of bassist Percy Heath and drummer Albert Heath.

Heath was born in Philadelphia on October 25, 1926. His father, an auto mechanic, played the clarinet, performing on the weekends. His mother sang in a church choir. The family frequently played recordings of big band jazz groups around the house. His sister was a pianist, while his brothers were bassist Percy Heath and drummer Albert Heath (his youngest sibling).

Heath originally played alto saxophone, but, after the influence of Charlie Parker on his work for Howard McGhee and Dizzy Gillespie in the late 1940s, he earned the nickname "Little Bird" (Parker's nickname was "Bird") and he switched to tenor saxophone.

During World War II, Heath was rejected for the draft for being under the weight limit. From late 1945 through most of 1946 he performed with the Nat Towles band. In 1946 he formed his own band, which was a fixture on the Philadelphia jazz scene until 1949. John Coltrane was one of four saxophonists in this band, which played gigs with Charlie Parker and also at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Although Heath recalls that the band recorded a few demos on acetate, it never released any recordings, and its arrangements were lost at a Chicago train station. The band dissolved in 1949 so that Heath could join Dizzy Gillespie's band.

One of Heath's earliest big bands (1947–48) in Philadelphia included John Coltrane, Benny Golson, Specs Wright, Cal Massey, Johnny Coles, Ray Bryant, and Nelson Boyd. Charlie Parker and Max Roach sat in on one occasion.

Heath was arrested and convicted twice for the sale of heroin; he was an acknowledged addict. The first time, in the spring of 1954, he was sent to the Federal Medical Center, Lexington, Kentucky, where many musicians and celebrities (and other people) were given treatment. After release, In early 1955, still an addict, he was arrested again, and served most of a six-year prison sentence in Lewisburg. He went cold turkey, and was able to spend a lot of his time engaged in music. While in prison he actually composed most of the Chet Baker and Art Pepper album "Playboys" (1956). He was released early, on May 21, 1959, and remained clean for the rest of his life; conditions of probation made it difficult, but he managed to start rebuilding his career.

He briefly joined Miles Davis's group in 1959, replacing Coltrane, and also worked with Kenny Dorham and Gil Evans. Heath recorded extensively as leader and sideman. During the 1960s, he frequently worked with Milt Jackson and Art Farmer.

In 1975, he and his brothers formed the Heath Brothers, also featuring pianist Stanley Cowell.

Jimmy Heath composed "For Minors Only", "Picture of Heath", "Bruh' Slim", and "CTA" and recorded them on his 1975 album "Picture of Heath".

In the 1980s, Heath joined the faculty of the Aaron Copland School of Music at Queens College, City University of New York. With the rank of Professor, he led the creation of the Jazz Program at Queens College and attracted prominent musicians such as Donald Byrd to the campus. He also served on the Board of the Louis Armstrong Archives on campus, and the restoration and management of the Louis and Lucille Armstrong Residence in Corona, Queens, near his own home. In addition to teaching at Queens College for more than 20 years, he also taught at Jazzmobile.

At a coming-home party the night after his release from Lewisburg Penitentiary, he met his eventual wife, Mona Brown, whom he married in 1960; they had two children, Roslyn and Jeffrey.

Heath was the father of R&B songwriter/musician James Mtume.

In 2010 his autobiography "I Walked With Giants" was published by the Temple University Press. Heath stood just 5 feet, 3 inches. He notably played in a jazz concert at the White House, when President Bill Clinton himself borrowed his saxophone for one number.

Heath died on January 19, 2020 in Loganville, Georgia, of natural causes.

He received a Grammy nomination for box-set liner notes of "The Heavyweight Champion, John Coltrane, the Complete Atlantic Recordings" (Rhino, 1995), and Grammy nominations for "Little Man Big Band" (Verve, 1994) and "Live at the Public Theatre" with The Heath Brothers (Columbia, 1980).

Heath was a recipient of the 2003 NEA Jazz Masters Award. In 2004, he was awarded an honorary Doctorate in Human Letters.

During his career, Heath performed on more than 100 albums, including seven with the Heath Brothers and 12 as a leader. He wrote more than 125 compositions, many of which have become jazz standards and have been recorded by other artists, including Art Farmer, Cannonball Adderley, Clark Terry, Chet Baker, Miles Davis, James Moody, Milt Jackson, Ahmad Jamal, Ray Charles, Dizzy Gillespie, J. J. Johnson, and Dexter Gordon. Heath also composed extended works – seven suites and two string quartets – and premiered his first symphonic work, "Three Ears", in 1988 at Queens College, with Maurice Peress conducting.

With Nat Adderley

With Donald Byrd
With Benny Carter
With Stanley Cowell
With Continuum
With Miles Davis 

With Kenny Dorham

With Charles Earland

With Art Farmer

With Curtis Fuller

With Red Garland
'With Bunky Green

With Johnny Hartman

With Albert Heath

With Elmo Hope

With Freddie Hubbard 

With Milt Jackson

With J. J. Johnson

With Carmell Jones

With Sam Jones

With Herbie Mann

With Howard McGhee

With Blue Mitchell

With the Modern Jazz Quartet

With Don Patterson

With Pony Poindexter

With Julian Priester

With Don Sickler

With Don Sleet

With Cal Tjader

With Charles Tolliver

With Gerald Wilson

With Nancy Wilson


</doc>
<doc id="793413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=793413" title="Albert Heath">
Albert Heath

Albert "Tootie" Heath (born May 31, 1935) is an American jazz hard bop drummer, the brother of tenor saxophonist Jimmy Heath and the double-bassist Percy Heath.

He first recorded in 1957 with John Coltrane. From 1958 to 1974 he worked with, among others, J. J. Johnson, Wes Montgomery, Art Farmer and Benny Golson's Jazztet, Cedar Walton, Bobby Timmons, Kenny Drew, Sonny Rollins, Dexter Gordon, Johnny Griffin, Herbie Hancock, Friedrich Gulda, Nina Simone, and Yusef Lateef. In 1975, he, Jimmy and Percy formed the Heath Brothers. He remained with the group until 1978, then left to freelance. He has recorded extensively throughout his career.

Among his many workshop and classroom teaching assignments, Tootie Heath is a regular instructor at the Stanford Jazz Workshop.

Tootie Heath is now the producer and leader of The Whole Drum Truth, a jazz drum ensemble featuring Ben Riley, Ed Thigpen, Jackie Williams, Billy Hart, Charlie Persip, Leroy Williams and Louis Hayes.


With Kenny Barron
With Walter Benton
With Anthony Braxton
With George Cables
With the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band
With John Coltrane
With Ted Curson
With Kenny Dorham
With Art Farmer
With Benny Golson
With Dexter Gordon
With Bennie Green and Gene Ammons
With Johnny Griffin
With Herbie Hancock
With Jimmy Heath
With Milt Jackson
With J. J. Johnson
With Clifford Jordan
With Yusef Lateef
With Johnny Lytle
With Warne Marsh
With Ronnie Mathews
With Charles McPherson
With Blue Mitchell
With Roscoe Mitchell
With Wes Montgomery
With Tete Montoliu
With Don Patterson
With Cecil Payne
With Niels-Henning Orsted Pedersen
With Sonny Red
With George Russell
With Bud Shank
With Nina Simone
With Billy Taylor
With Bobby Timmons
With Mal Waldron
With Cedar Walton
With The Young Lions
With Michel Sardaby
With Guido Manusardi
With Kenny Drew
With Roberto Magris:



</doc>
<doc id="806020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=806020" title="Peter Kowald">
Peter Kowald

Peter Kowald (April 21, 1944 – September 21, 2002) was a German free jazz double bassist and tubist.

A member of the Globe Unity Orchestra, and a touring double-bass player, Kowald collaborated with many European free jazz and American free-jazz players during his career, including Peter Brötzmann, Irène Schweizer, Karl Berger, Fred Anderson, Hamid Drake, Karl E. H. Seigfried, Conny Bauer, Jeffrey Morgan, Wadada Leo Smith, Günter Sommer, William Parker, Barre Phillips, Joëlle Léandre, Alfred Harth, Lauren Newton and Evan Parker. He also recorded a number of solo double-bass albums, and was a member of the London Jazz Composer's Orchestra until 1985. He also recorded a number of pioneering double bass duets with Maarten Altena, Barry Guy, Joëlle Léandre, Barre Phillips, William Parker, Damon Smith and Peter Jacquemyn.

In addition, Kowald collaborated extensively with poets and artists and with the dancers Gerlinde Lambeck, Anne Martin (formerly of Pina Bausch Ensemble), Tadashi Endo, Patricia Parker (founder of the Vision Festival), Maria Mitchell, Sally Silvers, Cheryl Banks (formerly of Sun Ra's Arkestra), Arnette de Mille, Sayonara Pereira, and Kazuo Ohno. Specific works included "Die Klage der Kaiserin" (1989) with Pina Bausch, short pieces (since 1989) with Jean Sasportes, "The spirit of adventure" (1990) with Anastasia Lyra, "Wasser in der Hand" (1990/91) with Christine Brunel, and "Futan no sentaku"/"The burden of choice" (1990/91) with Min Tanaka and Butch Morris.

Besides his duo work with singers such as Jeanne Lee, Diamanda Galás, Anna Homler or Sainkho Namtchylak, Peter was especially interested in his international improvising ensemble Global Village with musicians from different cultural regions of the world: China, Japan, Near East, South Europe, North and South America.

He died of a heart attack in New York City in 2002.





</doc>
<doc id="806373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=806373" title="Snooky Young">
Snooky Young

Eugene Edward "Snooky" Young (February 3, 1919 – May 11, 2011) was an American jazz trumpeter. He was known for his mastery of the plunger mute, with which he was able to create a wide range of sounds.

Young was lead trumpeter of the Jimmie Lunceford band from 1939 to 1942. He played with Count Basie (three stints totalling eight years), Gerald Wilson and Lionel Hampton, among others, and was an original member of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Big Band.

His longest engagement was with NBC, where, as a studio trumpeter, he joined The Tonight Show Band in 1967 and stayed with them until 1992, when the band was replaced by a new, smaller group.

He was also part of the touring ensemble that traveled with Doc Severinsen, performing live concert dates, corporate events, and headling shows in the main rooms of Las Vegas. The one nighters usually occurred on Fridays, Saturdays, or Sundays, as Severinsen was committed to "The Tonight Show" on weeknights.

For the Las Vegas gigs, the nucleus of Severinsen's touring band (Young, conductor Steve Thoma, and drummer Paul Line) would commute to Vegas nightly, leaving Van Nuys airport around 6:00pm via Lear Jet, arriving in Las Vegas by 7:00. A limousine would transport the musicians directly backstage, where they would dress and prepare for an 8:00 pm and midnight show. Then back to the airport for the ride back to Los Angeles, where Severinsen and Young had their NBC gig, and Steve Thomas and Paul Line were undertaking studio sessions daily.

Young performed nightly with Severinsen, and he was featured prominently for several solos, as well as a trumpet version of "Dueling Banjos". He continued to perform in Los Angeles, appearing on the classic 1976 Coconut Grove recording "Bobby Bland and B.B. King Together Again...Live" and again on King's 2008 album "One Kind Favor".

He was one of horn players that accompanied rock group The Band on their 1972 live album "Rock of Ages".

Young recorded only three albums under his own name. The 1971 album, "Boys from Dayton", featured Norris Turney on alto sax, Booty Wood on trombone, Richard Tee on piano and organ, and Cornell Dupree on guitar. His 1978 album with altoist Marshal Royal, "Snooky and Marshal's Album", featured pianist Ross Tompkins, rhythm guitarist Freddie Green, bassist Ray Brown and drummer Louie Bellson. "Horn of Plenty" features Ross Tompkins on piano, John Collins on guitar, Ray Brown on bass, and Jake Hanna on drums.

He received a "NEA Jazz Masters Award" for 2009 on October 17, 2008 at Lincoln Center in New York City.

Throughout the years, Snooky recorded and performed with Gerald Wilson (a friend since the Lunceford days) and his Orchestra. Until 2010 he was still playing and recording with the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra.

Harry "Sweets" Edison considered Ed Lewis and Snooky Young "the two greatest first trumpet players" he ever played with.





</doc>
<doc id="810786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=810786" title="Stan McDonald">
Stan McDonald

Stanley Montrose McDonald (born August 28, 1935) is a traditional jazz clarinetist and soprano saxophone player. He was one of the founding members of the New Black Eagle Jazz Band in 1971. Ten years later he founded the Blue Horizon Jazz Band.
He made numerous recordings with the New Black Eagles. In 1973 the recording "On the River" was nominated for an Emmy Award.

McDonald was listed as one of the top five soprano saxophone players in the world in a 1985 "Mississippi Rag" poll. He has played with Ralph Sutton, Tommy Benford, Buzzy Drootin, Ross Petot, Sammy Price, Benny Waters, Doc Cheatham, Dick Wetmore, Marty Grosz, and Scott Hamilton.

In 2010, McDonald was the subject of a three-part series entitled "Visiting Stan McDonald" on Dave Radlauer's "Jazz Rhythm" radio series. The program won a Gabriel Award in 2011.

Blue Horizon Jazz Band Discography:





</doc>
<doc id="827340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=827340" title="J. C. Higginbotham">
J. C. Higginbotham

Jay C. (Jack) Higginbotham (May 11, 1906 – May 26, 1973) was an American jazz trombonist. His playing was robust and swinging.

He was born in Atlanta, Georgia on May 11, 1906, and raised in Cincinnati. In the 1930s and 1940s, he played with some of the premier swing bands, including Luis Russell's, Benny Carter's, Red Allen's, Chick Webb's, Fletcher Henderson's, and Mills Blue Rhythm Band. He also played with Louis Armstrong, who had taken over Russell's band from 1937 to 1940. From 1947 on, he chiefly led his own groups. He recorded extensively both as a sideman and as a leader. He played for a long period in the forties with his ideal partner Red Allen, and then disappeared from the scene for several years.

Higginbotham led several bands in the Fifties in Boston and Cleveland, appeared regularly at the Metropole in New York between 1956 and 1959, and led his own Dixieland band there in the Sixties. He also appeared on the DuMont series "Jazz Party" (1958), aired on WNTA-TV.

During the tenure with Luis Russell on February 5, 1930, a single session was issued under the name of J.C. Higgenbotham and His Six Hicks was issued on OKeh 8772, featuring "Give Me Your Telephone Number" and "Higgenbotham Blues." Musicians included Henry Allen, Higgenbotham, Charlie Holmes, Luis Russell, Will Hognson, Pops Foster and Paul Barbarin, all member of Russell's band.

He went on his first European tour with Sammy Price, appearing in Scandinavia, and worked once again briefly in 1964 with Louis Armstrong.

He died on May 26, 1973 in Manhattan, New York City at Harlem Hospital.

Higginbotham was considered to be the most vital of the swing trombone players. His strong, raucous sound on the trombone and wild outbreaks on stage were characteristic. Along with Jimmy Harrison and Jack Teagarden, Higginbotham contributed to the acceptance of the trombone in jazz music as a melodically capable instrument.

With Red Allen 
With Tiny Grimes
With Coleman Hawkins
With Rex Stewart and Cootie Williams
With Jimmy Witherspoon


</doc>
<doc id="842507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=842507" title="Frankie Trumbauer">
Frankie Trumbauer

Orie Frank Trumbauer (May 30, 1901 – June 11, 1956) was one of the leading jazz saxophonists of the 1920s and 1930s. His main instrument was the C-melody saxophone, a now-uncommon instrument between an alto and tenor saxophone in size and pitch. He also played alto saxophone, bassoon, clarinet and several other instruments.

He was a composer of sophisticated sax melodies, one of the major small group jazz bandleaders of the 1920s and 1930s. His landmark recording of "Singin' the Blues" with Bix Beiderbecke and Eddie Lang in 1927, was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1977. His major recordings included "Krazy Kat", "Red Hot", "Plantation Moods", "Trumbology", "Tailspin", "Singin' the Blues", "Wringin' an' Twistin'", and "For No Reason at All in C" with Bix Beiderbecke and Eddie Lang, and the first hit recording of "Georgia On My Mind" in 1931.

"Tram" was described as one of the most influential and important jazz saxophonists of the 1920s and 1930s, particularly influencing the sound of Lester Young. He is also remembered for his musical collaborations with Bix Beiderbecke, a relationship that produced some of the finest and most innovative jazz records of the late 1920s. Trumbauer and Beiderbecke also collaborated with jazz guitarist Eddie Lang.

Born of part Cherokee ancestry in Carbondale, Illinois, Trumbauer grew up in St Louis, Missouri, the son of a musical mother who directed saxophone and theater orchestras. His first important professional engagements were with the Edgar Benson and Ray Miller bands, shortly followed by the Mound City Blue Blowers, a local group that became nationally famous through their recordings on Brunswick.

Trumbauer recruited Bix Beiderbecke for Jean Goldkette's Victor Recording Orchestra, of which he became musical director. After leaving Goldkette, he and Beiderbecke worked briefly in Adrian Rollini's short lived "New Yorkers" band, then joined Paul Whiteman in 1927. In 1927, Trumbauer signed a contract with OKeh and released a 78 recording of "Singin' the Blues", featuring Beiderbecke on cornet and Eddie Lang on guitar. "Singin' the Blues" was a jazz classic originally recorded and released by the Original Dixieland Jazz Band in 1920. The Okeh recording became a smash hit. Fletcher Henderson and His Orchestra recorded it in 1931 in the Trumbauer-Beiderbecke version.

Trumbauer played with Whiteman for eight of the following nine years. He had a separate contract with OKeh from 1927 through 1930, he recorded some of the most legendary small group jazz recordings of the era, usually including Beiderbecke until the April 30, 1929, session. He recorded a handful of sides in 1931 for Brunswick. In 1932 he organized a band in Chicago and recorded for Columbia, but gave up the orchestra and returned to New York late in 1933. During 1934–1936, while again a member of Paul Whiteman's Orchestra, he also made a series of recordings for Brunswick and Victor, often including Jack Teagarden.

In 1936 he led The Three T's, featuring the Teagarden brothers; in 1938, he and Mannie Klein started a band which they co-led. In 1940, Trumbauer, a skilled pilot, left music (after recording a series of records for Varsity) to join the Civil Aeronautics Authority.

During World War II he was a test pilot with North American Aviation, and trained military crews in the operation of the B-25 Mitchell bomber. He continued to work for the CAA after the war, and also played in the NBC Orchestra. After 1947, although he continued to play and record, he earned most of his income in aviation.

Trumbauer died of a sudden heart attack in Kansas City, Missouri, where he had made his home for some years. He was 55 years old.

Lester Young acknowledged and cited Trumbauer as his main influence as a saxophonist. When an interviewer asked Young about his influences, he stated that Frankie Trumbauer was his major influence: "So, it's Trumbauer?" Young replied: "That was my man."

His life and career were documented in the biography "Tram: The Frank Trumbauer Story" by Philip R. Evans and Larry F. Kiner with William Trumbauer (Institute of Jazz Studies, Rutgers and Scarecrow Press Inc., 1994).

"Singin' the Blues", released by Frankie Trumbauer and His Orchestra featuring Bix Beiderbecke on cornet and Eddie Lang on guitar in 1927 as Okeh 40772-B, was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1977. Frankie Trumbauer played the C-melody saxophone solos on the landmark jazz recording.

In 2005, his 1927 recording of "Singin' the Blues" with Bix Beiderbecke and Eddie Lang was placed on the U.S. Library of Congress National Recording Registry.

In 2008, his recordings of "Ostrich Walk" and "There'll Come a Time" with Bix Beiderbecke were included on the soundtrack to the Brad Pitt movie "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", which was nominated for 13 Academy Awards, based on the F. Scott Fitzgerald short story from "Tales of the Jazz Age".

Trumbauer's compositions include:





</doc>
<doc id="851924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=851924" title="Sonny Stitt">
Sonny Stitt

Edward Hammond Boatner Jr. (February 2, 1924 – July 22, 1982), known professionally as Sonny Stitt, was an American jazz saxophonist of the bebop/hard bop idiom. Known for his warm tone, he was one of the best-documented saxophonists of his generation, recording more than 100 albums. He was nicknamed the "Lone Wolf" by jazz critic Dan Morgenstern because of his relentless touring and devotion to jazz. Stitt was sometimes viewed as a Charlie Parker mimic, especially earlier in his career, but gradually came to develop his own sound and style, particularly when performing on tenor saxophone.

Edward Hammond Boatner, Jr. was born in Boston, Massachusetts and grew up in Saginaw, Michigan. He had a musical background: his father, Edward Boatner, was a baritone singer, composer, and college music professor; his brother was a classically trained pianist, and his mother was a piano teacher. He was given up for adoption in 1924 by his father and adopted by the Stitt family in Saginaw. He later began calling himself "Sonny". While in high school in Saginaw, he played in the Len Francke Band, a local popular swing band.

In 1943, Stitt met Charlie Parker. As he often recalled, the two men had similar styles. Parker is alleged to have remarked, "Well, I'll be damned, you sound just like me", to which Stitt responded, "Well, I can't help the way I sound. It's the only way I know how to play." Kenny Clarke said of Stitt, "Even if there had not been a Bird, there would have been a Sonny Stitt."

During the 1940s, he played alto saxophone as a member of Tiny Bradshaw's big band, Billy Eckstine's big band with Gene Ammons and Dexter Gordon, and Dizzy Gillespie's big band.

Stitt was a leader of Bebop Boys and Galaxy in 1946 and 1948 respectively.

Stitt, when playing tenor saxophone, seemed to break free from some of the criticism that he was imitating Parker's style, and he began to develop a far more distinctive sound on tenor. He played with other bop musicians including Horace Parlan, Bud Powell and Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, a fellow tenor with a distinctly tough tone in comparison to Stitt, in the 1950s and recorded a number of sides for Prestige Records as well as albums for Argo, Verve, and Roost. Stitt experimented with Afro-Cuban jazz in the late 1950s, and the results can be heard on his recordings for Roost and Verve, on which he teamed up with Thad Jones and Chick Corea for Latin versions of such standards as "Autumn Leaves."

In 1952, Stitt had played with pianist Jimmy Jones and in 1953 performed orchestral music with Johnny Richards. In 1955, he played under Quincy Jones' guidance, playing uptempos and ballads such as "My Funny Valentine" and "Star Dust" and the same year performed "Afterwards" and "There Will Never Be Another You" with Hank Jones. In 1957, Stitt had joined Dolo Coker to perform "Blues for Yard" and "Blue Moon", before returning to Hank to perform "Cherokee".

Stitt joined Miles Davis briefly in 1960, and recordings with Davis' quintet can be found only in live settings on the tour of 1960. Concerts in Manchester and Paris are available commercially and also a number of concerts (which include sets by the earlier quintet with John Coltrane) on the record "Live at Stockholm" (Dragon), all of which featured Wynton Kelly, Jimmy Cobb, and Paul Chambers. However, Miles fired Stitt due to the excessive drinking habit he had developed, and replaced him with Hank Mobley. Later in the 1960s, Stitt paid homage to Parker on the album "Stitt Plays Bird", which features Jim Hall on guitar.

Stitt recorded several times with his friend Gene Ammons, interrupted by Ammons' own imprisonment for narcotics possession. The records recorded by these two saxophonists are regarded by many as some of both Ammons and Stitt's best work, thus the Ammons/Stitt partnership went down in posterity as one of the best dueling partnerships in jazz, alongside Zoot Sims and Al Cohn, and Johnny Griffin with Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis. Stitt ventured into soul jazz, and he recorded with fellow tenor saxophonist Booker Ervin in 1964 on the "Soul People" album. Stitt also recorded with Duke Ellington alumnus Paul Gonsalves in 1963 for Impulse! on the "Salt and Pepper" album in 1964. Around that time he appeared regularly at Ronnie Scott's in London, a live 1964 encounter with Ronnie Scott, "The Night Has a Thousand Eyes", eventually surfaced, and another in 1966 with resident guitarist Ernest Ranglin and British tenor saxophonist Dick Morrissey. Stitt was one of the first jazz musicians to experiment with the Selmer Varitone amplification system as heard on the albums "What's New!!!" in 1966 and "Parallel-a-Stitt" in 1967.

In the 1970s, Stitt slowed his recording output slightly, and in 1972, he produced another classic, "Tune-Up!", which was and still is regarded by many jazz critics, such as Scott Yanow, as his definitive record. Indeed, his fiery and ebullient soloing was quite reminiscent of his earlier playing. In 1971 he managed to record four albums; "Turn It On!" with Leon Spencer, Melvin Sparks, Idris Muhammad, and Virgil Jones, "You Talk That Talk!" with Gene Ammons and George Freeman as new members of the group, "Just The Way It Was - Live At The Left Bank" with Don Patterson and Billy James, and "Black Vibrations" which featured the same group as in "Turn It On!". "Just The Way It Was - Live At The Left Bank" which was released in 2000 also featured Stitt as an electric saxophone player, which was the first album which encompassed it. 

Stitt's productivity dropped in the 1970s due to alcoholism. Stitt had drunk heavily since giving up heroin in the late fifties and the abuse was beginning to take its toll. A series of alcohol-induced seizures caused Stitt to abstain and kick the habit for good.

In 1975, Sonny had performed with Ron Burton, Major Holley an John Lewis at the Village Vanguard.

Stitt joined the all-star group The Giants of Jazz (which also featured Art Blakey, Dizzy Gillespie, Thelonious Monk, Kai Winding and bassist Al McKibbon) and made albums for Atlantic, Concord and EmArcy. His last recordings were made in Japan. A rejuvenated Stitt also toured with Red Holloway in the late 1970s, who noted a marked improvement in his playing.

In 1981, Stitt had performed with George Duvivier and Jimmy Cobb, Six weeks before his death, Stitt had recorded two last consecutive sessions which were with George Duvivier, Jimmy Cobb, Bill Hardman and either with Junior Mance or Walter Davis Jr. on piano.

In 1982, Stitt was diagnosed with cancer, and he died on July 22 in Washington, D.C..

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Sonny Stitt among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.


With Gene Ammons

With Art Blakey

With Miles Davis

With Dizzy Gillespie

With Milt Jackson

With Don Patterson

With Oscar Peterson

With Zimbo Trio



</doc>
<doc id="851960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=851960" title="Al McKibbon">
Al McKibbon

Al McKibbon (January 1, 1919 – July 29, 2005) was an American jazz double bassist, known for his work in bop, hard bop, and Latin jazz.

In 1947, after working with Lucky Millinder, Tab Smith, J. C. Heard, and Coleman Hawkins, he replaced Ray Brown in Dizzy Gillespie's band, in which he played until 1950. In the 1950s he recorded with the Miles Davis nonet, Earl Hines, Count Basie, Johnny Hodges, Thelonious Monk, George Shearing, Cal Tjader, Herbie Nichols and Hawkins. McKibbon was credited with interesting Tjader in Latin music while he played in Shearing's group.

McKibbon has always been highly regarded (among other signs of this regard, he was the bassist for the Giants of Jazz), and continued to perform until 2004.

In 1999, the first album in his own name, "Tumbao Para Los Congueros De Mi Vida", was released. McKibbon's second album, "Black Orchid" (Nine Yards Music), was released in 2004 and was recorded at Icon Recording Studios, Hollywood, California. The album was recorded and mixed by studio owner Andrew Troy and Assistant Engineer - Aaron Kaplay, 2nd Assistant Engineer - Pablo Solorzano. He also wrote the Afterword to Raul Fernandez' book, "Latin Jazz", part of the Smithsonian Institution's series of exhibitions on jazz.


With Nat Adderley
With Lorez Alexandria
With Sonny Criss
With Victor Feldman
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Coleman Hawkins 
With Johnny Hodges
With The Jazz Crusaders
With Charles Kynard and Buddy Collette
With Thelonious Monk
With Randy Newman
With The Night Blooming Jazzmen
With Herbie Nichols
With Shuggie Otis
With Freddie Redd
With George Shearing
With George Shearing and Dakota Staton
With Robert Stewart
With Billy Taylor
With Cal Tjader
With Jack Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="853064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=853064" title="Nels Cline">
Nels Cline

Nels Courtney Cline (born January 4, 1956) is an American guitarist and composer. He has been the guitarist for the band Wilco since 2004.

In the 1980s he played jazz, often in collaboration with his twin brother Alex Cline, a percussionist. He has worked with musicians in punk and alternative rock such as Mike Watt and Thurston Moore. He leads the Nels Cline Singers, Nels Cline Trio, and the Nels Cline 4.

Cline was named the 82nd greatest guitarist of all time by "Rolling Stone" magazine in November 2011.

Cline began to play guitar at age 12 when his twin brother Alex Cline started playing drums. The brothers developed together musically, playing in a rock band called Homogenized Goo. Both graduated from University High School. Cline cites hearing a recording of Jimi Hendrix performing "Manic Depression" as a defining moment in his decision to become a guitarist.

Cline has performed on over 150 albums in jazz, pop, rock, country, and experimental music. He was featured in a cover story by "Guitar Player" magazine for his work with the rock band Wilco. 

Cline is married to Yuka Honda of Cibo Matto. Their wedding was in Honda's hometown in Japan in November 2010. They met through Mike Watt when he assembled the group Floored by Four. Cline joined Honda as a guest guitarist in the Yoko Ono Plastic Ono band for their tour in 2010. Cline joined Honda and her band Cibo Matto at the 2015 Solid Sound Festival.









































</doc>
<doc id="860421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=860421" title="Louis Nelson Delisle">
Louis Nelson Delisle

"Big Eye" Louis Nelson Delisle (28 January 1885 – 20 August 1949) was an early twentieth-century Dixieland jazz clarinetist in New Orleans, Louisiana. He also played double bass, banjo, and accordion.

Nelson Delisle was born into a family who were Creoles of color. He spent most of his life in New Orleans, Louisiana. He studied clarinet with the elder Lorenzo Tio.

By the age of 15, Delisle was working professionally in the music venues of Storyville, an area of brothels and clubs in New Orleans. He developed a style of hot jazz, a.k.a. Dixieland, and was an influence on clarinetists Johnny Dodds and Jimmie Noone.

Early in his career Delisle often played a C clarinet, as opposed to the more common B♭; the C was used by other New Orleans clarinetists of the era, such as Alcide Nunez.

In 1917, Delisle joined the reconstituted Original Creole Orchestra that included Freddie Keppard and Bill Johnson. The band had disbanded in Boston in the spring of that year but was reassembled in New York City in the fall of the same year. Delisle replaced George Baquet, who had toured with the group in vaudeville. After a short while, Delisle was replaced by Jimmie Noone. He was the regular clarinetist with the Jones & Collins Astoria Hot Eight but did not play on their 1929 recording sessions.

He made his only recordings in his later years in the 1940s, by which time he was often in poor health.


</doc>
<doc id="864138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=864138" title="Pekka Pohjola">
Pekka Pohjola

Jussi Pekka Pohjola (13 January 1952 – 27 November 2008) was a Finnish multi-instrumentalist, composer and producer. Best known as a bass player, Pohjola was also a classically trained pianist and violinist.

Pohjola rose to fame as the bass player of the Finnish progressive rock band Wigwam, but he soon departed on a solo career, initially releasing Frank Zappa-influenced progressive rock albums. As his career progressed Pohjola developed a more novel musical style that could best be described as fusion jazz. In addition to Wigwam and his solo albums, Pohjola also played with the band Made in Sweden, and the bands of Jukka Tolonen and Mike Oldfield.

Pohjola belonged to one of the most prominent musical families in Finland. Conductor Sakari Oramo is Pohjola's cousin.

Pohjola was born in Helsinki, Finland and studied classical piano and violin at the Sibelius Academy in the city. After a stint with (the seminal Finnish band led by brothers Eero and Jussi Raittinen), he joined Wigwam in 1970, contributing on two of their albums before leaving the group in 1972 to pursue a solo career (although he contributed again on Wigwam's "Being" in 1974). Pohjola's first solo album "Pihkasilmä Kaarnakorva" ("Resin Eye Bark Ear"), released 1972, bears a notable resemblance to the work of Frank Zappa.

After leaving Wigwam, Pohjola also played with the Jukka Tolonen Band for a short time. In 1974 his second solo album, "" ("Bialoipokku the Magpie"), was released in Finland. The album saw Pohjola's sound developing in a more distinctive direction, with heavy use of trumpets, saxophones and piano. The somewhat jazz-influenced album sufficiently piqued the interest of Virgin Records executive Richard Branson for him to release it in the United Kingdom the following year under the name "B the Magpie". The album was re-released, in October 2010, by Cherry Red Records.

At the request of Virgin, Pohjola teamed up with Mike Oldfield to record and produce his third solo album, released in 1977 in Finland as "Keesojen Lehto" ("Grove of the Keeso") and in the UK as "The Mathematician's Air Display". The album was released, in Germany (1981, album and cassette) and Italy (1987) as simply "Mike & Sally Oldfield / Pekka Pohjola". The album was also released in 1981 on the Happy Bird label, in the Netherlands, under the name "The Consequences of Indecisions" and credited to Oldfield instead of Pohjola. Oldfield asked Pohjola to join him on his 1978 tour and Pohjola can be heard on Oldfield's live album "Exposed", released in 1979.

In 1978 Pohjola formed , which released a self-titled album that same year. In 1979 Pohjola released "Visitation", his fourth solo album. All of Pohjola's 1970s solo albums exhibited fantasy influences, but these were undoubtedly strongest on his 1979 "Visitation".

In 1980 The Group changed its name to Pekka Pohjola Group and released the album "Kätkävaaran Lohikäärme" ("The Dragon of Kätkävaara"), with musicians Pohjola on bass and with Ippe Kätkä (drums), Pekka Tyni (keyboards) and Seppo Tyni (guitars). The group disbanded soon after the release of their second album.

Pohjola's next solo album, "Urban Tango", was released in 1982. It was a radical departure from fantasy- and nature-inspired works of the 70s. It was also the first Pekka Pohjola album to feature comprehensible singing, the vocals provided by Kassu Halonen. "Urban Tango" was also the first of Pohjola's albums to be released on his own Pohjola Records label. His next album was the soundtrack to Hannu Heikinheimo's 1983 movie "Jokamies" (released in 1984 under the title "Everyman" in the United States and Germany). The album was notable for an abundant use of synthesizers. "Space Waltz", released 1985, further explored the themes first heard on "Urban Tango" (1982). 1986's "Flight of the Angel" was to be Pohjola's last album of the 80s. The following year a compilation of his material was released under the name "New Impressionist".

Pohjola's record label in the United States during the 1980s was Breakthru' Records, a pioneering audiophile record company started by Robert Silverstein in 1983. The advent of the compact disc in 1984 made it very difficult for independent American record labels to make CD pressings in the U.S. as the first plants, aside from the Sony plant in Indiana, were in Germany and Japan. As a result, Breakthru' scrambled and forfeited away its rights to unscrupulous distributors in an effort to adapt to the fast changing audio landscape of the music business during 1984 and 1986. With the 1985 release of "Space Waltz", Breakthru' Records became the first label ever to release a compact disc by Pohjola. The first Pohjola album to be released on CD, "Space Waltz" was mastered in New York City by mastering engineer legend Greg Calbi. Pressed on CD in Switzerland, "Space Waltz" was also released by Breakthru' Records on audiophile vinyl and cassette. Robert Silverstein's 1980 interview with Pohjola can be found on the Music Web Express 3000. (www.mwe3.com) web site.

During the late 80s Pohjola composed "Sinfonia No 1" ("Symphony No. 1"), which premiered live in 1989 and was released on CD in 1990, performed by the AVANTI! music group. Returning to the music scene in 1992, Pohjola released his ninth solo album "Changing Waters". The album's sound differed greatly from Pohjola's guitar-driven works of the 80s, offering a softer, more piano-based soundscape. "Changing Waters" was given in an international release in spring 1993. The album featured Finnish top musicians Seppo Kantonen (keyboards), Markku Kanerva (guitar) and Anssi Nykänen (drums), who became Pohjola's regular band. In May 1995, Pohjola released "Live in Japan", a recording from three shows in Tokyo in November 1994. Later that year, Pohjola released a double-CD "Heavy Jazz - Live in Helsinki and Tokyo". His next studio album, "Pewit", followed in September 1997. In May 2001 Pekka Pohjola released "Views", on which he toned down the rock-solid guitar-based sound of "Urban Tango" (1982) and "Space Waltz" (1985), instead focusing more on jazz and pop-classical arrangements, leaning heavily on strings and brass arrangements. The only song on "Views" to feature a guitar is "The Red Porsche", after a poem written by Charles Bukowski.

Pohjola's piece "The Madness Subsides" from "B the Magpie" (1974) was sampled by DJ Shadow as the main bass line in his song "Midnight in a Perfect World", from the wildly successful debut album "Endtroducing..." (1996).

On 27 November 2008 Pohjola, who had suffered from alcoholism, died of an epileptic seizure at the age of 56.

Pekka Pohjola was part of the renowned Pohjola musical family. His father was choir director and cellist . Choreographer and music pedagogue Erkki Pohjola and violinist and conductor Paavo Pohjola were his uncles, and pianist Liisa Pohjola was his aunt. His younger brother Jukka Pohjola is a violinist. One of his three sons, Verneri Pohjola, is a trumpeter, and another one, Ilmari Pohjola, is a trombonist. His cousins include conductor Sakari Oramo, cellist Matti Pohjola and composer Seppo Pohjola.



</doc>
<doc id="864347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=864347" title="Joshua Redman">
Joshua Redman

Joshua Redman (born February 1, 1969) is an American jazz saxophonist and composer.

In 1991, he won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Saxophone Competition.

Joshua Redman was born in Berkeley, California, to jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman and dancer and librarian Renee Shedroff. He is Jewish. He was exposed to many kinds of music at the Center for World Music in Berkeley, where his mother studied South Indian dance. Some of his earliest lessons in music and improvisation were on recorder with gamelan player Jody Diamond. He was exposed at an early age to a variety of musics and instruments and began playing clarinet at age nine before switching to what became his primary instrument, the tenor saxophone, one year later. Redman cites John Coltrane, Ornette Coleman, Cannonball Adderley, his father Dewey Redman, as well as the Beatles, Aretha Franklin, the Temptations, Earth, Wind and Fire, Prince, the Police and Led Zeppelin as musical influences.

Redman graduated from Berkeley High School, class of 1986, after having been a part of the award-winning Berkeley High School Jazz Ensemble for all four years of high school. After graduation, Joshua frequented the classroom jam sessions of Bay Area pianist and professor of music (at Laney College in Oakland, California), Ed Kelly. It was there that he performed alongside saxophonist Robert Stewart.

In 1991, he graduated summa cum laude with a degree in Social Studies from Harvard University, where he was a member of Phi Beta Kappa Society. He had already been accepted by Yale Law School, but deferred entrance for what he believed was only going to be one year. Some of his friends had recently relocated to Brooklyn, and they were looking for another housemate to help with the rent. Redman accepted their invitation to move in, and almost immediately he found himself immersed in the New York jazz scene. He began jamming and gigging regularly with some of the leading jazz musicians of his generation and that of his father, including Brad Mehldau, Peter Martin, Mark Turner, Peter Bernstein, Roy Hargrove, Christian McBride, Kevin Hays, Jorge Rossy, Pat Metheny, Charlie Haden and Billy Higgins, among others.

Redman won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Saxophone Competition in 1991, and began focusing on his musical career. He was signed by Warner Bros. Records and issued his first self-titled album in the spring of 1993, which subsequently earned Redman his first Grammy nomination. He continued to develop his style throughout the 1990s, beginning with a sideman appearance on Elvin Jones' "Youngblood" alongside Javon Jackson, and following up with an appearance on his father Dewey's 1992 record "Choices". On his second album as a leader, "Wish", he was joined by a notable lineup consisting of guitarist Pat Metheny, bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Billy Higgins; this group then toured as "The Joshua Redman Quartet", featuring Christian McBride in place of Charlie Haden. He continued to work with various quartets, including one with pianist Brad Mehldau until forming a new trio, "Elastic", with keyboardist Sam Yahel and drummer Brian Blade. The trio debuted under the moniker "Yaya3", producing one album under this name. The same group of musicians made up the core on Redman's "Elastic" album, before becoming known as the "Joshua Redman Elastic Band". Some of his works were featured on The Weather Channel's "Local on the 8s". Redman performed in a fictitious supergroup, "The Louisiana Gator Boys", in the 1998 film "Blues Brothers 2000", performing on "How Blue Can You Get?" and "New Orleans".

In 1999, Joshua Redman was immortalized in the children's TV show "Arthur" on PBS. He appeared in the tenth episode of the fourth season, where it was rumored by the characters that he would get in a fight with famed cellist Yo-Yo Ma, who also appeared in the episode.

In 2000, Redman was named Artistic Director for the Spring Season of the non-profit jazz-presenting organization SFJAZZ. Redman co-founded the SFJAZZ with Executive Director Randall Kline, as the SFJAZZ Collective, an ensemble distinguished by the creativity of its members and a primary emphasis on composition. In March 2007, Redman announced that he was taking a hiatus from both the SFJAZZ Artistic Directorship and the SFJAZZ Collective in order to focus on new projects.

In 2004, Redman first sat in with Umphrey's McGee at their performance in Boston, Massachusetts, at the Paradise Rock Club. Redman has collaborated with Umphrey's McGee around 20 times since, including an all-improvised set in Madison, Wisconsin in January 2016.

In 2006, he performed with the New Zealand Symphony orchestra in composer John Psathas' concerto for saxophone and drumkit, Omnifenix, which was released in Rattle Records' album, View from Olympus. The album won Best Classical Album for 2007 in the New Zealand music awards.
In April 2007, Nonesuch released Redman's first ever piano-less trio record, "Back East", featuring Joshua alongside three bass and drum rhythm sections (Larry Grenadier & Ali Jackson, Christian McBride & Brian Blade, Reuben Rogers & Eric Harland) and three guest saxophonists (Chris Cheek, Joe Lovano and Dewey Redman). His January 2009 release, "Compass", continued the trio tradition, and even included some tracks with a double-trio setup, featuring saxophone, two basses and two drummers.

Starting in late 2009, Redman began performing with a new collaborative band called James Farm, featuring pianist Aaron Parks, bassist Matt Penman and drummer Eric Harland. They released their first self-titled album on April 26, 2011 and their follow-up album, "City Folk" on October 27, 2014.

Redman was also an inaugural member of the Independent Music Awards' judging panel to support independent artists.

In early 2013, it was announced that Redman would release a new collection of vintage and contemporary ballads featuring a jazz quartet and an orchestral ensemble titled "Walking Shadows." Produced by Redman's friend and frequent collaborator Brad Mehldau, the album also features Larry Grenadier (bass) and Brian Blade (drums). It was released on May 7, 2013 on Nonesuch. About Walking Shadows, the New York Times says "there hasn’t been a more sublimely lyrical gesture in his 20-year recording career."

On Sunday, December 8, 2013, Redman joined a group of jazz all-stars onstage at the Kennedy Center Honors in Washington, DC, to pay tribute to honoree Herbie Hancock in performance. The event aired on December 29, 2013 on CBS.

In 2015, Redman received his third Grammy nomination for his solo on "Friend or Foe" from the album "The Bad Plus Joshua Redman".

In addition to his own projects, Redman has recorded and performed with musicians including Joey Alexander, Brian Blade, Ray Brown, Dave Brubeck, Chick Corea, The Dave Matthews Band, Jack DeJohnette, Bill Frisell, Aaron Goldberg, Larry Goldings, Charlie Haden, Herbie Hancock, Roy Hargrove, Roy Haynes, Billie Higgins, Milt Jackson, Elvin Jones, Quincy Jones, Big Daddy Kane, Geoff Keezer, B.B. King, The Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra, Letieres Leite & Orkestra Rumpilezz, DJ Logic, Joe Lovano, Yo Yo Ma, Branford Marsalis, Christian McBride, John Medeski, Brad Mehldau, Pat Metheny, Marcus Miller, Paul Motian, Meshell Ndegeocello, Leon Parker, Nicholas Payton, John Psathas, Simon Rattle, Dewey Redman, Dianne Reeves, Melvin Rhyne, The Rolling Stones, The Roots, Kurt Rosenwinkel, John Scofield, Soulive, String Cheese Incident, Clark Terry, Toots Thielemans, The Trondheim Jazz Orchestra, Mark Turner, McCoy Tyner, Umphrey’s McGee, US3, Bugge Wesseltoft, Cedar Walton, Stevie Wonder and Sam Yahel.







</doc>
<doc id="867167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=867167" title="Conny Bauer">
Conny Bauer

Konrad "Conny" Bauer (born 4 July 1943) is a German free jazz trombonist. He is the brother of the trombonist Johannes Bauer.

As a student at senior high school in Sonneberg between 1957 and 1961, he was enthusiastic about modern music and dance genres such as swing, boogie-woogie, blues and rock 'n' roll, and taught himself to play guitar and piano. After leaving school with A-levels, he tried to play his music in several bands and was nicknamed "Conny" by his friends.

After recognizing that he did not know enough about music to become a professional musician, Bauer studied modern dance music from 1964 to 1968 at the Carl Maria von Weber-Music school Conservatory in Dresden. Because too many students wanted to study guitar, he entered the trombone class, having had some experience of playing the instrument. In 1968 he left the conservatory for Berlin to improve his skills with private lessons. From 1969 until 1971 he started his career as guitarist and singer in the band of Ernst-Ludwig Petrowsky. He also began a career as a trombone soloist in 1970.

During the second half of the 1970s Bauer became a prominent jazz player in European free jazz. He helped found numerous groups which influenced the development of jazz in East Germany: these included FEZ and its successive quartet and trio formations, the Doppelmoppel quartet, and Synopsis/Zentralquartett with Ernst-Ludwig Petrowsky, Ulrich Gumpert and Günter "Baby" Sommer. In 1986 he toured Japan for several weeks, encountering numerous Japanese musicians. From 1988 to 1989 he directed the National Jazz Orchestra of the former East Germany. Since 1983 he has worked with artists such as Tadashi Endo, Sheryl Banks, Tony Oxley, Derek Bailey, Maggie Nicols, Theo Jörgensmann, Peter Brötzmann, Barre Phillips, Peter Kowald, Han Bennink, Barry Altschul, Jay Oliver, Louis Moholo, Gerry Hemingway, George Lewis.

In 2004 Bauer was awarded the German SWR jazz prize especially for his solo recordings "Hummelsummen". As unaccompanied soloist Bauer uses multiphonics, with matchless "circular breathing techniques" he conjures his own loops.

With Graham Collier




</doc>
<doc id="878594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=878594" title="J. C. Heard">
J. C. Heard

James Charles Heard (August 10, 1917 – September 27, 1988), known as J. C. Heard, was an American swing, bop, and blues drummer.

Heard was born in Dayton, Ohio and grew up in Detroit, Michigan. As a young child he performed as a tap dancer in amateur contests and vaudeville shows. Heard began to switch his focus to drumming around age 11. He started out teaching himself to play, then took lessons as a student at Cass Technical High School. His parents supported his interest, and brought him to see major performers who toured to Detroit's famous music venues. He would later describe seeing Chick Webb play in 1937 as a formative experience.

Heard became a protege of the drummer Jo Jones, and through him would meet and sit in with Count Basie. With Jones's help, Heard got his first professional job with Teddy Wilson's band in 1939. They played the Golden Gate Ballroom in Harlem and the Roseland Ballroom, and recorded for Columbia Records. After the Wilson band's breakup, he went on to perform in bands led by Benny Carter, Louis Jordan, Louis Armstrong, Benny Goodman, Duke Ellington, Woody Herman, and Dizzy Gillespie. He also performed at major jazz festivals, and played alongside Roy Eldridge and Charlier Parker.

Heard's style was a hybrid of swing and bop. He was known for his innovative techniques and the hard swing he would bring to both large and small bands. He recorded with Charles Mingus, Ray Brown, Billie Holiday, Ray Charles, Nat King Cole, Dinah Washington, Lena Horne, and Sarah Vaughan. He also led his own bands, including a quintet that played at Cafe Society and a trio with Erroll Garner and Oscar Pettiford. Heard performed as a featured member of Cab Calloway's band from 1942-1945. As a member of the Calloway band, he appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Stormy Weather."

Heard toured with Norman Granz's Jazz at the Philharmonic in the 1950s. After a successful engagement in Japan in 1953, he stayed there for to perform and teach for several years. He was a mentor to young Japanese musicians like Yukimura Izumi, George Kawaguchi and Franky Sakai. He also met and married his wife Hiroko while living there.

After returning to New York in 1957, Heard played with the Coleman Hawkins-Roy Eldridge Quintet and with Teddy Wilson's trio. In 1966 he moved to Detroit where he was influential as a bandleader and a mentor to younger musicians. In 1983, he again recorded an album as leader, accompanied by saxophonist George Benson, pianist Claude Black, and Dave Young on bass. In 1981, Heard started a 13 piece big band which played around the state and at festivals, often featuring Dizzy Gillespie and other colleagues. This group recorded in 1986 and continued performing regularly until his death.

Heard died of a heart attack at the age of 71 in Royal Oak, Michigan. His legacy is honored with a yearly jazz drumming competition held as part of the Detroit Jazz Festival.


With Gene Ammons
With Shorty Baker and Doc Cheatham
With Benny Carter
With Arnett Cobb
With Roy Eldridge
With Bud Freeman
With Dizzy Gillespie
With Johnny Hodges
With Claude Hopkins
With Howard McGhee
With Al Sears
With John Wright
With Lester Young



</doc>
<doc id="881492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=881492" title="Jojo Mayer">
Jojo Mayer

Sergé "Jojo" Mayer (born 18 January 1963) is a Swiss virtuoso drummer born in Zürich and currently residing in New York City.

Mayer is the son of touring musician and bass player Vali Mayer and began his career as a drummer at an early age, receiving his first drum set at the age of two. Having taught himself throughout his childhood, he broke out into the professional music scene at the age of 18, joining the Monty Alexander group. Touring with the group launched him into the major jazz music scene, and he has played at the North Sea Jazz Festival, Montreux, Nice, and Athens etc., which culminated with his gigging with jazz-greats such as Dizzy Gillespie and Nina Simone. Eventually, after playing with a great variety of artists, Mayer moved away from jazz and into Drum 'n' Bass.

Jojo Mayer is known for bringing together jazz, drum and bass, jungle, and other influences. He is also famous for his ability to play the rhythms of programmed jungle drum 'n' bass music on acoustic drums, terming this technique "reverse engineering", a phrase borrowed from computing. He executes this approach using various methods such as the heel-toe bass drum technique, the Moeller stroke, the Valving technique, and the "pull-out" or "push-pull" accent which takes the beat on the rebound. Using these techniques, he can play beats at astonishing speeds. A few of his main influences are Tony Williams, Jack DeJohnette and Buddy Rich.

He is the leader of live electronica trio Nerve, which he founded in 1997.

He played with the guitarist David Fiuczynski in the avant-garde jazz rock band Screaming Headless Torsos and in the fusion jazz band, Intergalactic Maiden Ballet.

He ran the popular Prohibited Beatz live electronica party in NYC from 1996–2001.

With Intergalactic Maiden Ballet:

With John Medeski:

With Screaming Headless Torsos:

With Harry Sokal:

Sulfur:

With Janek Gwizdala:

With Depart

With Rebekka Bakken

Nerve (Jojo Mayer, John Davis, Jacob Bergson):

DVDs:

He was featured as the cover story of the January 2008 issue of Modern Drummer magazine. Jojo Mayer was interviewed by DrummerConnection.com in May 2010, and by Linus Wyrsch on "The Jazz Hole" for breakthruradio.com in July 2010.

Mayer is a long-time Sonor endorser who also uses Sabian cymbals, Vic Firth sticks and Evans Drumheads. He helped Sonor design the Jungle kit and snare. He has also collaborated with Sabian to create two lines of cymbals, the Vault "Fierce" series, and "Omni" series, which includes both AAX and HHX models. His Vault Fierce cymbals feature a raw, unlathed finish, and extensive hand hammering, while the Omnis are designed to function as both rides and crashes.
He also helped to develop the hoop crash of Sabian and the perfect balance (single pedal of Sonor).



</doc>
<doc id="890254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=890254" title="Arthur Blythe">
Arthur Blythe

Arthur Murray Blythe (July 5, 1940 – March 27, 2017) was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer. He was described by critic Chris Kelsey as displaying "one of the most easily recognizable alto sax sounds in jazz, big and round, with a fast, wide vibrato and an aggressive, precise manner of phrasing" and furthermore as straddling the avant garde and traditionalist jazz, often with bands featuring unusual instrumentation.

Born in Los Angeles, Blythe lived in San Diego, returning to Los Angeles when he was 19 years old. He took up the alto saxophone at the age of nine, playing R&B until his mid-teens when he discovered jazz. In the mid-1960s, Blythe was part of The Underground Musicians and Artists Association (UGMAA), founded by Horace Tapscott, on whose 1969 "The Giant Is Awakened" he made his recording debut.

After moving to New York in the mid-70s, Blythe worked as a security guard before being offered a place as sideman for Chico Hamilton (1975–77). He subsequently played with Gil Evans' Orchestra (1976–78), Lester Bowie (1978), Jack DeJohnette (1979) and McCoy Tyner (also 1979). Blythe's group – John Hicks, Fred Hopkins and Steve McCall (drummer) – played Carnegie Hall and the Village Vanguard in 1979.

In 1977, Blythe appeared on the LP "Rhythmatism", a recording led by drummer Steve Reid. Reviewing in "" (1981), Robert Christgau highlighted Blythe's "forceful" alto-saxophone playing and said, "like so many of the new players Blythe isn't limited to modern methods by his modernism—he favors fluent, straight-ahead Coltrane modalities, but also demonstrates why he belongs on a tune for Cannonball."

Blythe began to record as a leader in 1977 for the India Navigation label and then for Columbia records from 1978 to 1987. Bob Stewart's tuba was a regular feature of these albums, often taking the place of the more traditional string bass. Albums such as "The Grip" and "Metamorphosis" (both on the label) offered capable, highly refined jazz fare with a free angle which seemed "out there". Blythe played on many pivotal albums of the 1980s, among them Jack DeJohnette's "Special Edition" on ECM. Blythe was a member of the all-star jazz group The Leaders and joined the World Saxophone Quartet after the departure of Julius Hemphill . Beginning in 2000 he made recordings on Savant Records which included "Exhale" (2003) with John Hicks (piano), Bob Stewart (tuba), and Cecil Brooks III (drums).

Blythe died from complications of Parkinson's disease in Lancaster, California, at the age of 76.

With Synthesis
With The Leaders
With Roots
With Santi Debriano and Billy Hart
With Jeff Palmer, John Abercrombie, Victor Lewis
With David Eyges and Bruce Ditmas
With John Abercrombie, Terri Lyne Carrington, Anthony Cox, Mark Feldman, Gust Tsilis

With Joey Baron
With Lester Bowie
With Jack DeJohnette
With Gil Evans
With John Fischer

With Chico Freeman
With Chico Hamilton
With Craig Harris
With Julius Hemphill
With Azar Lawrence
With the Music Revelation Ensemble
With Woody Shaw
With Horace Tapscott
With Gust William Tsilis & Alithea
With McCoy Tyner 
With the World Saxophone Quartet



</doc>
<doc id="890667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=890667" title="Tab Smith">
Tab Smith

Talmadge "Tab" Smith (January 11, 1909 – August 17, 1971), was an American swing and rhythm and blues alto saxophonist. He is best known for the tracks, "Because of You" and "Pretend". He variously worked with Count Basie, the Mills Rhythm Boys and Lucky Millinder.

Smith was born in Kinston, North Carolina, United States. He joined his first professional band, the Carolina Stompers, in 1929. In the 1930s and 1940s he spent several years in the bands of Lucky Millinder and Count Basie, as well as spending long periods freelancing both as a player and as an arranger. In 1944 he participated in a recording date led by Coleman Hawkins, for which he also arranged the material. After the Second World War he led his own groups, which concentrated on rhythm and blues as jazz turned from swing to bop.

His biggest R&B hit was "Because of You", which reached number 1 on the US "Billboard" R&B chart, and number 20 on the pop chart, in 1951. "Because of You" was made for United Records, a label for which Smith recorded prolifically until it closed in 1957. Tab Smith put out 24 singles and a 10-inch album for the label. On his United sides, Smith sometimes played tenor saxophone.

During the 1950s, Smith was a significant rival to alto saxophone-playing bandleader Earl Bostic, who recorded for King. He was also in competition with his own formative influence, Johnny Hodges, until Hodges returned to the Duke Ellington band.

His career never recovered from the closure of United Records. After brief stays at Checker and King, Smith retired from the music business in the early 1960s. He sold real estate and played piano part-time in a steakhouse.

He died in St. Louis, Missouri, in August 1971, aged 62.

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Tab Smith among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.


</doc>
