<doc id="37698124" title="List of Brazilian telenovelas">
A list of Brazilian telenovelas.

Água Viva
Alma Gêmea (Soulmate)
Alta Estação  (What's Up?)
América (America)
Amor e Intrigas  (Love and Conspiracy)
Anjo Mau (1976), Anjo Mau (1997)  (Evil Angel)
Antônio Maria
Aritana
O Astro (The Illusionist)
Avenida Brasil (Brazil Avenue)
Baila Comigo
Bandeira Dois (referring to the higher night rate on taxicabs.)
A Barba Azul
Barriga de Aluguel
O Beijo do Vampiro
Beleza Pura (Pure Beauty)
Belíssima
Beto Rockfeller
O Bem-Amado
Bicho do Mato (Savage)
Chiquititas
Cama de Gato (Cat's Cradle)
Caminhos do Coração  (Ways of the Heart)
Os Mutantes: Caminhos do Coração  (The Mutants: Ways of the Heart—spin-off from the above)
Carinhoso
Carrossel (Carousel)
A Casa das Sete Mulheres (Seven Women)
O Casarão
Celebridade (Celebrity)
Chamas da Vida (Flames of Life)
Chocolate com Pimenta (Pepper Chocolate)
Cidadão Brasileiro (Scars)
Ciranda de Pedra
O Clone (The Clone)
Cobras & Lagartos (Snakes & Lizards)
Coração de Estudante (Students' Hearts)
O Cravo e a Rosa (The Thorn and the Rose)
Da Cor do Pecado (Shades of Sin)
Dance, Dance, Dance
Dancin' Days
Desejo Proibido (Forbidden Desire)
A Deusa Vencida
O Direito de Nascer
O Direito de Nascer
O Direito de Nascer
Dona Beija
Dona Xepa
Duas Caras (Two Faces)
Éramos Seis (The Six of Us)
Escalada
Escrava Isaura (The Slave Isaura)
O Espigão
Essas Mulheres (These Women)
Estúpido Cupido
Eterna Magia
A Favorita (The Favorite)
Feijão Maravilha
Gabriela
A Gata Comeu
Guerra dos Sexos (Fight or Love?)
Hoje é dia de Maria
Ídolo de Pano
Os Imigrantes
Irmãos Coragem
JK (Screen adaptation of the autobiography of Jucelino Kubistchek, Brazilian President from 1956 to 1961)
Kananga do Japão
Laços de Família (Family Ties)
Locomotivas (A 1970s slang for beautiful woman)
Luz do Sol (Sunshine)
Mad Maria
Minha Doce Namorada
As Minas de Prata
O Machão
Mulheres Apaixonadas (Women in Love)
Mulheres de Areia (Secrets of the Sand)
Meu Rico Português
A Muralha
Negócio da China
Niña Moza (Little Missy)
Ninho da Serpente
Nino, o Italianinho
Os Ossos do Barão
Páginas da Vida (Pages of Life)
Pai Herói
Paixões Proibidas (Forbidden Passion)
Pantanal
Pão pão, Beijo beijo
Paraíso Tropical (Tropical Paradise)
Por Amor (Anything for Love)
O Profeta (The Prophet)
Prova de Amor (Proof of Love)
A Próxima Vítima ('The Next Victim)
Quatro por Quatro
Que Rei Sou Eu?
Rainha da Sucata
O Outro Lado do Paraíso  (The Other Side of Paradise)
O Rebu (The Party)
Redenção
O Rei do Gado (The King of the Cattle)
Roda de Fogo
Roque Santeiro
Sangue do Meu Sangue
Saramandaia
Selva de Pedra
Senhora do Destino (Her Own Destiny)
Sete Pecados (Seven Sins)
Sinhá Moça (Little Missy)
Sol de Verão
Sonho Meu
A Sucessora
Terra Nostra
Três Irmãs
Tieta
Um Só Coração
Vale Tudo
Vereda Tropical
A Viagem
Vidas Opostas (Opposite Lives)
Xica da Silva
Caras & Bocas (Watercolours of Love)
Caminho das Índias (India: a love story)
Viver a Vida (Seize the day)
A História de Ester (Esther, The Queen)
Poder Paralelo (Another Power)
Uma Rosa com Amor (A Rose with Love)
Escrito nas Estrelas (Written in the Star)
Araguaia (Destiny River)
Ti-Ti-Ti (The Buzz)
Passione
Ribeirão do Tempo (River of Intrigues)
A História de Ana Raio e Zé Trovão
Insensato coração (Irrational Heart)
Amor e revolução (Love and Revolution)
Corações feridos
Rebelde (Brasil) (Rebel Rio!)
<\doc>
<doc id="53876980" title="A Moça Que Veio de Longe">
A Moça Que Veio de Longe (English: The Girl From Far Away) is a 1964 Brazilian telenovela written by Ivani Ribeiro, based on the novel by Abel Santa Cruz.


<\doc>
<doc id="45282250" title="Água Viva (TV series)">
Água Viva (English: Jellyfish) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1980.
<\doc>
<doc id="41610368" title="Além do Horizonte">
Além do Horizonte (English: Beyond the Horizon) is a Brazilian telenovela created by Carlos Gregório and Marcos Bernstein. It was produced and broadcast by Rede Globo.
The telenovela features an ensemble cast headed by Juliana Paiva, Thiago Rodrigues, Antônio Calloni, Rodrigo Simas, Mariana Rios, Sheron Menezzes, Flávia Alessandra, Alexandre Borges, Marcello Novaes, Cássio Gabus Mendes y special participation by Alexandre Nero.
<\doc>
<doc id="49897808" title="Além do Tempo">
Além do Tempo (English title: Time After Time) is a Brazilian telenovela that premiered on 13 July 2015 and ended 15 January 2016. It is created by Elizabeth Jhin. Written by Elizabeth
Jhin in conjunction with Eliane Garcia, Lílian Garcia, Duba Elia, Vinícius Vianna, Wagner de Assis and Renata Jhin; Além do Tempo is directed by Pedro Vasconcellos and Rogério Gomes. Starring Alinne Moraes, Rafael Cardoso, Paolla Oliveira, Ana Beatriz Nogueira, Emilio Dantas, Irene Ravache, Letícia Persiles and Júlia Lemmertz.
<\doc>
<doc id="5808168" title="Alma Gêmea">
Alma Gêmea (English: Soul Mate) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and aired by Rede Globo from June 20, 2005 to March 10, 2006, in 227 episodes, replacing Como uma Onda and being replaced by Sinhá Moça. Written by Walcyr Carrasco, in collaboration with Thelma Guedes, directed by Fred Mayrink and Pedro Vasconcelos and general direction and core direction by Jorge Fernando.
In the main roles had Eduardo Moscovis, Priscila Fantin, Flávia Alessandra, Liliana Castro, Sidney Sampaio, Bia Seidl, Elizabeth Savalla and Ana Lúcia Torre.
<\doc>
<doc id="44115857" title="Alto Astral">
Alto Astral Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈawtu aʃˈtɾaw] (International Title:Forever and Ever) is a Brazilian access prime telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It premiered on November 3, 2014, replacing Geração Brasil and ended on May 8, 2015 replaced by I Love Paraisópolis. It was originally created by Andréa Maltarolli, but due to her death in 2009, it's being written by Daniel Ortiz, with the supervision of Silvio de Abreu.
<\doc>
