<doc id="2340344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2340344" title="Sheldon Wolin">
Sheldon Wolin

Sheldon Sanford Wolin (; August 4, 1922 – October 21, 2015) was an American political theorist and writer on contemporary politics. A political theorist for fifty years, Wolin became Professor of Politics, Emeritus, at Princeton University, where he taught from 1973 to 1987.

During a teaching career which spanned more than forty years, Wolin also taught at the University of California, Berkeley, University of California, Santa Cruz, Oberlin College, Oxford University, Cornell University, and University of California, Los Angeles. He was a notable teacher of undergraduate and particularly graduate students, serving as a mentor to many students who themselves became prominent scholars and teachers of political theory.

After graduating from Oberlin College, Wolin received his doctorate from Harvard University in 1950, for a dissertation entitled "Conservatism and Constitutionalism: A Study in English Constitutional Ideas, 1760–1785". After teaching briefly at Oberlin, Wolin taught political theory at the University of California, Berkeley, from 1954 to 1970, and built a political theory program by bringing Norman Jacobson, John H. Schaar, Hanna Fenichel Pitkin, and Michael Rogin into the department.

One of Wolin's central concern was how the history of political thought could contribute to understanding contemporary political dilemmas and predicaments. He played a significant role in the Free Speech Movement and with John Schaar interpreted that movement to the rest of the world. During the seventies and eighties he published frequently for "The New York Review of Books". He also wrote opinion pieces and reviews for The New York Times. In 1980, he was the founding editor of the short-lived but intellectually influential journal "democracy" (1980–83). At Princeton, Wolin led a successful faculty effort to pass a resolution urging university trustees to divest from endowment investment in firms that supported South African apartheid.

Wolin left Berkeley in the fall of 1970 for the University of California, Santa Cruz, where he taught until the spring of 1972. From 1973 through 1987, he was a professor of politics at Princeton University. Wolin served on the editorial boards of many scholarly journals, including "Political Theory", the leading journal of the field in the Anglo-American world. He consulted for various scholarly presses, foundations and public entities, including Peace Corps, American Council of Learned Societies, and the Social Science Research Council. Wolin also served as president of the Society for Legal and Political Philosophy.

Wolin was instrumental in founding what came to be known as the Berkeley School of political theory. His approach to the history of political thought offered an original perspective that constituted a formidable challenge to more classical approaches to the study of the history of political thought. It equally challenged behavioralism, the reigning orthodoxy in political science departments. He has been compared to thinkers like Eric Voegelin, Hannah Arendt, and Leo Strauss.

In his classic "Politics and Vision", Wolin formulates an interpretative approach to the history of political thought, based on careful study of different theoretical traditions. He pays particular attention to how the latter contribute to the changing meanings of a received political vocabulary, including notions of authority, obligation, power, justice, citizenship, and the state. Wolin's approach also had a bearing on contemporary problems and questions and he notoriously defined the inquiry into the history of political thought, and the study of different traditions and forms of theorizing that have shaped it, “as a form of political education.”

Wolin’s approach to the study of political theory consisted of a historical-minded inquiry into the history of political thought to inform the practice of political theory in the present. A consummate reader of texts, he carefully combined attention to both the intellectual and political contexts in which an author intervened and the genres of writing he deployed, with an eye to understanding how a particular body of work shed light on a specific political predicament. But this was no antiquarian exercise. It rather consisted of an attempt to "understand some aspect of the historical past [that] is also conscious of the historical character and locus of [the inquirer's] own understanding. Historicity has to do with the convergence of the two, and the inquirer’s contribution of his present is crucial.”

Similarly, his classic essay "Political Theory as a Vocation," written in the context of the Cold War, the Vietnam War and the Civil Rights Movement, mounted a seething critique of Behaviorism and how it impaired the ability to grasp the crises of the time. Thirty years later, he explicitly formulated the importance of political theory and the study of political thought as “primarily a civic and secondarily an academic activity.”

Wolin's 2001 study of Alexis de Tocqueville, "Tocqueville Between Two Worlds", constitutes his second summum opus. Cornel West has called it Wolin’s masterpiece, the crowning achievement of “the greatest political theorist of and for democracy of our time.”

Wolin’s involvement in the events of the sixties represented a formative experience that set the stage for the transition from an imaginative and erudite scholar of political thought to an original political thinker in his own right. In essays dealing with major thinkers of the recent past, including some of the most formidable bodies of work of the twentieth century, Wolin probed different approaches to both understanding the nature of theory and its bearing on the political from a perspective clearly aligned with the principles of participatory democracy. From this perspective, Wolin engaged with a vast array of thinkers: Theodor W. Adorno & Max Horkheimer, Hannah Arendt, John Dewey, Michel Foucault, Leo Strauss, Harvey C. Mansfield, Karl Marx, Friedrich Nietzsche, Michael Oakeshott, Karl Popper, John Rawls, Richard Rorty, and Max Weber.

Politically, Wolin penned essays on a variety of themes and figures, including terrorism, conservatism, Jimmy Carter, Henry Kissinger, and Ronald Reagan. His "The Presence of the Past" offered an original critique of Reaganism, its discourse and practice, and a series of searching reflections on the bicentennial of the American Constitution. His last book, "Democracy Incorporated" (2008) formulates a scathing critique of the administration of George W. Bush and its war on terror and a plea for the recovery of democratic values and practices.

In these interventions, Wolin formulated an original non-Marxist critique of capitalism and the fate of democratic political life in the present. In his effort to think about the fate of democracy in the United States, he formulated a novel theorization of modern and postmodern forms of power and how these shaped the limits and horizons of political life in the late twentieth and early twentieth-first centuries. While influenced by Marx's critique of capitalism as a form of power, Wolin's political thought is decidedly non-Marxist in his insistence on participatory democracy, the primacy of the political, and the conviction that a radical theory of democracy requires mapping the forms of power beyond the economy. Wolin's political thought is particularly concerned with the fate of democracy at the hands of bureaucratic imperatives, elitism, and managerial principles and practices. His ideas of “inverted totalitarianism” and “fugitive democracy” constitute well-known signatures of his reflections. Another signature contribution is his account of the liberal-democratic state, which Wendy Brown has characterized as a "neo-Weberian" account of the state, "heavy with rationalities and bureaucratic domination; it is a Marxist-structuralist state, neither identical with nor a simple instrument of capitalism but complexly entwined with it. It is an administrative and penetrative state - those tentacles are everywhere and on everyone, especially the most disempowered; they do not honor public/private distinctions, political/economic distinctions, or even legal/extra-legal distinctions...the contemporary state is a complex amalgam of political, economic, administrative and discursive powers." Out of this diagnosis of the state and its complex relationship to capitalism, Wolin forged the idea of "fugitive democracy." In his view, democracy is not a fixed state form, but a political experience in which ordinary people are active political actors. In this construction "fugitive" stands for the ways in which contemporary forms of power have made this aspiration an evanescent and momentary political experience.

Wolin was born in Chicago and raised in Buffalo, New York. At the age of nineteen, Wolin interrupted his studies at Oberlin College to become a US Army Air Forces bombardier/navigator, serving on the Consolidated B-24 Liberator. Wolin flew 51 different combat missions serving in the South Pacific, specifically the islands surrounding the Philippines, during World War II. Wolin's team were tasked with Douglas MacArthur's strategy of conducting raids against the Japanese Navy, which required flying low over Japanese destroyers in order to bomb them. This was incredibly risky, as the B-24 was a "big, lumbering aircraft" which was hard to manoeuvre, and this cost the lives of many of Wolin's fellow airmen, "which proved disastrous." Wolin mentioned that his flight mates were all very young at the time, being between nineteen and twenty-four years of age. Wolin mentioned that several of his flight mates, both at the time and years later, suffered psychological problems as a result of their activities in the War.

He was married to Emily Purvis Wolin for over sixty years.







</doc>
<doc id="2343738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2343738" title="Jacob Hacker">
Jacob Hacker

Jacob Stewart Hacker (born 1971) is the Director of the Institution for Social and Policy Studies and Stanley B. Resor Professor of Political Science at Yale University. Hacker has written works on social policy, health care reform, and economic insecurity in the United States.

Hacker was born and raised in Eugene, Oregon. He graduated "summa cum laude" in 1994 from Harvard University with a B.A. in Social Studies, and he received his Ph.D. from Yale in Political Science in 2000. His first book, "The Road to Nowhere: The Genesis of President Clinton's Plan for Health Security", was published in 1996, while he was a graduate student at Yale.

Hacker is a media contributor and has testified before the United States Congress. He was widely recognized as a contributor to the health care plans for three of the leading Democratic candidates — Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, and John Edwards — in the presidential election of 2008. Hacker's plan, "Health Care for America," is outlined in a report for the Economic Policy Institute. It proposes providing health care for uninsured or under-insured Americans by requiring employers to either provide insurance to their workers or enroll them in a new, publicly overseen insurance pool. People in this pool could choose either a public plan modeled after Medicare or from regulated private plans.

Hacker's work with the international think tank Policy Network has had a major influence on the policies of many European political parties and his concept of pre-distribution has become a cornerstone of the UK Labour Party's economic policy and his name has even been mentioned by Prime Minister David Cameron during Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons.

Hacker was a fellow at New America in 1999 and 2002. In 2007 he co-chaired the National Academy of Social Insurance's conference, "For the Common Good," and oversees a Social Science Research Council project on the "privatization of risk."

Hacker's 2010 book, the "New York Times" bestseller "Winner-Take-All Politics: How Washington Made the Richer Richer--and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class" (Simon & Schuster), written with Paul Pierson of UC Berkeley, argues that since the late 1970s the American middle and working classes have fallen further and further behind economically because policy changes in government favor the rich and super-rich.

Their 2016 book "American Amnesia: How the War on Government Led Us to Forget What Made America Prosper" argues for the restoration and reinvigoration of the United States mixed economy.

In 2017, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

In July 2010 the Economic Security Index was launched. Developed by Hacker and a multi-disciplinary research team with support from the Rockefeller Foundation, the ESI measures the share of Americans who experience at least a 25 percent decline in their income from one year to the next and who lack an adequate financial safety net to replace this lost income.

Hacker is married to Oona A. Hathaway, a Professor of Law at Yale University and former Supreme Court clerk to Sandra Day O'Connor.





</doc>
<doc id="2344285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2344285" title="Daniel Pinkham">
Daniel Pinkham

Daniel Rogers Pinkham, Jr. (June 5, 1923 – December 18, 2006) was an American composer, organist, and harpsichordist.

Born in Lynn, Massachusetts, into a prominent family engaged in the manufacture of patent medicines (his great-grandmother was Lydia E. Pinkham), he studied organ performance and music theory at Phillips Academy, Andover, with Carl F. Pfatteicher. "The single event that changed my life was a concert [at Andover] by the Trapp Family Singers in 1939, right after they had escaped from Germany," Pinkham once recalled. "Here, suddenly, I was hearing clarity, simplicity. It shaped my whole outlook," he said in a 1981 interview with "The Boston Globe".

At Harvard, he studied with Walter Piston; Aaron Copland, Archibald T. Davison, and A. Tillman Merritt were also among his teachers. There he completed a bachelor's degree in 1942 and a master's in 1944. He also studied harpsichord with Putnam Aldrich and Wanda Landowska, and organ with E. Power Biggs. At Tanglewood, he studied composition with Samuel Barber and Arthur Honegger, and subsequently with Nadia Boulanger.

Pinkham taught at the Boston Conservatory beginning in 1946, and at the New England Conservatory of Music from 1959 until his death in 2006; while there, he created and chaired the program on early music performance. In 1951, Pinkham conducted ten works by Boulanger Award winners in their Boston performance première in a special Peabody Mason Concert series commemorating the Paris Bi-Millennial year. He also taught at various times at Simmons College (1953–1954), Boston University (1953–1954), and Harvard University (1957–1958). Among Pinkham's notable students were the jazz musician and composer Gigi Gryce (1925–1983) and the composer Mark DeVoto.

For forty-two years (1958–2000), Pinkham was the organist of King's Chapel in Boston, a position which gave him much exposure to and opportunity to write church-related music; the Sunday evening concert series he created there celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2007. He was also a frequent guest on the E. Power Biggs program on the CBS Radio Network. He performed regularly with the Boston Symphony Orchestra as an organist and as a harpsichordist, and he performed extensively with noted violinist Robert Brink, with whom he commissioned a duo for violin and harpsichord from Alan Hovhaness.

Pinkham died in Natick, Massachusetts, of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, at the age of 83. He is survived by his longtime partner, the organist Andrew Paul Holman.

Pinkham's enormous output represents a broad cross-section of 20th-century musical trends. He produced work in virtually every genre, from symphonies to art songs, though the preponderance of his music is religious in nature, frequently choral and/or involving organ. Much of his music was written for use in church services or other ceremonial occasions, and reflected his longstanding relationship with King’s Chapel. At various points in his career, he embraced plainchant, medievally-influenced modal writing, and 17th-century forms (in the 1930s and 40s, under the influence of Stravinsky and Hindemith and reflecting his commitment to the early music revival), dodecaphony and serialism (in the 1950s and 60s), electronic music (beginning in 1970), and the neo-baroque idiom.

Some of Pinkham's best-known works are designed for services: the Christmas, Advent, and Wedding cantatas, the latter of which is performed particularly often. In 2003, he gained further notice with his commissioned piece, written for the Boston Landmarks Orchestra, of "Make Way for Ducklings". In keeping with the name of the ensemble, the work was designed to be performed for families at the Boston Public Garden, near the famous sculptures based on Robert McCloskey's endearing picture book.

Pinkham's scholarship and work were recognized with a Fulbright Fellowship in 1950 and a Ford Foundation Fellowship in 1962. He received honorary degrees from the New England Conservatory of Music as well as from Nebraska Wesleyan University, Adrian College, Westminster Choir College, Ithaca College, and the Boston Conservatory.

In 1990, Pinkham was named Composer of the Year by the American Guild of Organists. In 1995, he was awarded the Brock Commission from the American Choral Directors Association. In 2006 Pinkham was named Musician of the Year by the Boston Musicians' Association, AFM Local 9-535.



</doc>
<doc id="2349104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2349104" title="Staughton Lynd">
Staughton Lynd

Staughton Craig Lynd (born November 22, 1929) is an American conscientious objector, Quaker, peace activist and civil rights activist, historian, professor, author and lawyer. His involvement in social justice causes has brought him into contact with some of the nation's most influential activists, including Howard Zinn, Tom Hayden, A. J. Muste and David Dellinger.

Lynd's contribution to the cause of social justice and the peace movement is chronicled in Carl Mirra's biography, "The Admirable Radical: Staughton Lynd and Cold War Dissent, 1945–1970" (2010).

Lynd was one of two children born to the renowned sociologists Robert Staughton Lynd and Helen Merrell Lynd, who authored the groundbreaking "Middletown" studies of Muncie, Indiana, in the late 1920s and '30s. Staughton Lynd inherited not only his parents' gifts as scholars, but also their strong socialist beliefs. Although Lynd never embraced undemocratic forms of socialism, his ideological outlook led to his expulsion from a non-combatant position in the U.S. military during the McCarthy Era.

He went on to earn a doctorate in history at Columbia University and accepted a teaching position at Spelman College, in Georgia, where he worked closely with historian and civil rights activist Howard Zinn. When Zinn was fired from Spelman at the end of the 1962–63 academic year, Lynd protested. During the summer of 1964, Lynd served as director of the SNCC-organized Freedom Schools of Mississippi. After accepting a position at Yale University, Lynd relocated to New England, along with his wife, Alice, and their children. In 1965 he gave lectures on 'The History of the American Left' at the Free University of New York.

At Yale Lynd became an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. His protest activities included speaking engagements, protest marches, and a controversial visit to Hanoi along with Herbert Aptheker and Hayden on a fact-finding trip at the height of the war, which made him unwelcome to the Yale administration. As the protest movement became increasingly violent, Lynd began to have misgivings . As a self-described "social democratic pacifist" and "Marxist Existentialist Pacifist", he became more interested in the possibilities of local organizing.

In 1967, Lynd signed a letter declaring his intention to refuse to pay taxes in protest against the Vietnam War, and urging other people to also take this stand.

In 1968, Lynd published his book 'Intellectual Origins of American Radicalism' It came under severe criticism by Marxist professor Eugene Genovese, writing in the "New York Review of Books". Professor David Donald in reviewing the book called it "a major work in American intellectual history" About the Cambridge University 2009 reprint of the book, Commentary Magazine referred to it as an "established classic". It became clear that Yale would deny Lynd tenure, and he became unemployable in academia. Lynd relocated his family to Chicago.

There, he struggled to make a living from community organizing. Meanwhile, he and his wife, Alice, embarked upon an oral history project dealing with the working class. The conclusions of this work, titled "Rank and File", inspired Lynd to study law in order to assist workers victimized by companies and left unprotected by bureaucratic labor unions. In 1973, he enrolled at the University of Chicago law school, where he earned a degree in 1976.

From there, the Lynds relocated to Youngstown, Ohio, in the heart of the Rust Belt. Working first for the union-side labor law firm of Green, Schiavoni, Murphy & Haines, and then for Northeast Ohio Legal Services in Youngstown, he proved to be a vital participant in the late 1970s struggle to keep the Youngstown steel mills open. He served as lead counsel for six local unions, several dozen individual steelworkers, and the Ecumenical Coalition of the Mahoning Valley which sought to reopen the mills under worker-community ownership. Despite the ultimate failure of those efforts, the Lynds continued organizing in the Youngstown-Warren area. Staughton Lynd remained extremely active as an attorney, taking on a broad range of cases, including those concerning chemically disabled auto workers and retired steelworkers.

Lynd's book, "Lucasville", is an investigation into the events surrounding the 1993 prison uprising at Southern Ohio Correctional Facility, and voices serious concern over the integrity of legal proceedings subsequent to the event. A memoir of his and Alice's life, "Stepping Stones: Memoir of a Life Together" was released in January 2009.







</doc>
<doc id="2349870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2349870" title="John Balaban">
John Balaban

John B. Balaban (born December 2, 1943) is an American poet and translator, an authority on Vietnamese literature.
Balaban was born in Philadelphia to Romanian immigrant parents, Phillip and Alice Georgies Balaban. He obtained a B.A. with highest honors in English from Pennsylvania State University in 1966. A Woodrow Wilson Fellowship that he received in his senior year at Penn State allowed him to study English literature at Harvard University, where he received his A.M.

Balaban was a conscientious objector in Vietnam during the Vietnam War. In a moment at Harvard which he writes about in his memoir "Remembering Heaven's Face", he petitioned his draft board to allow him to drop his student deferment to go to Vietnam with the "International Volunteer Services", where he taught at a university until it was bombed in the Tet Offensive. He was wounded in the shoulder by shrapnel and evacuated; after his recovery, he continued his alternative service and returned to Vietnam with the "Committee of Responsibility" to treat war-injured children.

He left Vietnam in 1969, subsequently testifying on civilian casualties before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee chaired by Senator Ted Kennedy. 

In 1971–72, as the war continued, he returned once again to tape, transcribe, and translate the sung oral poetry known as ca dao, resulting in his "Ca Dao Viet Nam: Vietnamese Folk Poetry" Balaban's first published collection of his own verse, "After Our War" (1974), was a Lamont Poetry Selection of the Academy of American Poets and nominated for the National Book Award. 

In 1999, he became a founder of the "Vietnamese Nôm Preservation Foundation", which for twenty years led the digital preservation of ancient texts in Vietnam. In 2000, he released "Spring Essence", a collection of poems by Hồ Xuân Hương, an 18th-century poet and the preeminent woman poet of Vietnam. The book included English translations and versions in both the current Vietnamese alphabet and the historical Chữ Nôm writing system.

Balaban has written poetry beyond his experiences in Vietnam. His collection "Locusts at the Edge of Summer: New and Selected Poems" won the 1998 William Carlos Williams Award. His "Words for My Daughter" was a National Poetry Series Selection. In 2006, "Path, Crooked Path" was named an Editor's Choice by Booklist and Best Book of Poetry by "Library Journal."

In 2008, he was awarded a medal of appreciation from the Ministry of Culture of Vietnam for his leadership in the restoration of the ancient text collection at the National Library.

Balaban is Professor Emeritus at North Carolina State University. 

Poetry

Translations

Nonfiction

Fiction
In Anthology



</doc>
<doc id="2350496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2350496" title="Richard B. Freeman">
Richard B. Freeman

Richard Barry Freeman (born June 29, 1943) is an economist. The Herbert Ascherman Professor of Economics at Harvard University and Co-Director of the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School, Freeman is also Senior Research Fellow on Labour Markets at the Centre for Economic Performance, part of the London School of Economics, funded by the Economic and Social Research Council, the UK's public body funding social science. Freeman directs the Science and Engineering Workforce Project (SEWP) at the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), a network focused on the economics of science, technical, engineering, and IT labor which has received major long-term support from the Sloan Foundation. 

He received his B.A. from Dartmouth in 1964 and his Ph.D. in Economics from Harvard University in 1969 for a thesis titled "The Labor Market for College Manpower". He studied under Harvard Professor and Dean John T. Dunlop, who became U.S. Secretary of Labor under President Gerald Ford.

Freeman has written 18 books, edited 29 books and published over 350 published articles on a wide range of subjects including global labor standards, the scientific workforce, the economics of crime, how the internet is transforming labor movements, and historical spurts in the growth of labor unions.
Freeman has made several significant but controversial contributions to economics and the field of industrial relations. In "What Do Unions Do?" (1984), he and his co-author James Medoff presented evidence that countered conventional wisdom in economics when they concluded that “unionism on net probably raises social efficiency” and that “recent trends have brought the level of union density below the optimal level.” Freeman’s work on the economic theory of unions has found support in several subsequent studies indicating that in many fields unionized workers have delivered higher levels of productivity than their non-union counterparts. Nevertheless, some comparative scholarship indicates that the union advantage in productivity may vary by nation. Christos Doucouliagos and Patrice Laroche in an article entitled “What do unions do to productivity?” (2003) indicate that unions significantly lift productivity in U.S. manufacturing, but these authors countered with evidence that unions have had detrimental effects on productivity in the United Kingdom.

Freeman and his collaborators have explored how the tournament model of prizes and funding in the biosciences has favored older researchers and contributed to the degradation of conditions for postdocs and graduate students. He has carried out a variety of studies on the internationalization of science, as more than half of the PhDs graduating in science and engineering from U.S. universities in 2003 were foreign born, more than double the rate in 1966.

In his early career, Freeman often faced critique for his book "The Overeducated American" (1976), which suggested that the U.S. labor market would have vast challenges employing the millions of citizens with college diplomas and advanced degrees from the enormous expansion of higher education after World War II. The high-tech boom of the later 1980s and 1990s reassured most observers that expanding higher education was the trusted route to national economic vitality and achieving the dreams for prosperity sought by millions of individuals. However, Freeman’s thesis that labor markets will not always be friendly to university-educated workers is enjoying a revival in the early twenty-first century. This re-consideration has gained momentum since the high unemployment and underemployment of college graduates following the Great Recession of 2008 as well as trends in globalization that have led to the off shoring of many jobs done by lawyers, accountants, information technology workers, and other well-educated professionals.

Freeman has made the case that expanding programs for employee ownership and broader-based profit sharing would help reduce inequality in the United States. He co-wrote with Joseph R. Blasi and Douglas L. Kruse of Rutgers "The Citizen’s Share: Reducing Inequality in the Twenty-first Century" (New Haven: Yale University Press, 2013), a work that French economist Thomas Piketty credited for tracing how “America used to be based on broad access to wealth and property” and then showing “how to revive” this tradition. Freeman has also written with Kimberly Ann Elliott studies of how human rights vigilantes have generated activism and consumer consciousness about apparel and other consumer products often manufactured under sweatshop labor conditions. Freeman carries out many studies of China’s economy, in particular comparative studies of scientific innovation and workforces in China, the United States, and several other nations.






</doc>
<doc id="2350857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2350857" title="Paul Rozin">
Paul Rozin

Paul Rozin (born 1936) is a professor of psychology at the University of Pennsylvania. He teaches two Benjamin Franklin Scholars (BFS) honors courses and graduate level seminars. He is also a faculty member in the Master of Applied Positive Psychology program started by Martin Seligman. He is the world's leading expert on disgust, and his current work focuses on the psychological, cultural, and biological determinants of human food choice.

Rozin earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago in 1956, and doctoral degrees in biology and psychology from Harvard University in 1961. In 1963, he joined the psychology department at the University of Pennsylvania, where in 1997 he was named the Edmund J. and Louise W. Kahn Professor. He also served as co-director of the school's Solomon Asch Center for the Study of Ethnopolitical Conflict (which has now moved to Bryn Mawr College).

His current teaching and research interests include: acquisition of likes and dislikes for foods, nature and development of the magical belief in contagion, cultural evolution of disgust, ambivalence to animal foods, lay conception of risk of infection and toxic effects of foods, interaction of moral and health factors in concerns about risks, relation between people's desires to have desires and their actual desires (including the problem of internalization), acquisition of culture, nature of cuisine and cultural evolution, and psychological responses to recycled water.




</doc>
<doc id="2350912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2350912" title="Norman D. Vaughan">
Norman D. Vaughan

Colonel Norman Dane Vaughan (December 19, 1905 – December 23, 2005) was an American dogsled driver and explorer whose first claim to fame was participating in Admiral Byrd's first expedition to the South Pole. He also ran dog teams in a professional capacity as part of a search and rescue unit in World War II, in sporting events like the Olympics and the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, and in three Presidential Inauguration ceremonies.

Vaughan was born on December 18, 1905, in Salem, Massachusetts, as the son of a wealthy leather tanner and shoe manufacturer.

In his youth, he became fascinated by tales of early-century polar explorers. He dropped out of Harvard in 1928 when he heard that Admiral Richard E. Byrd was organizing an expedition to Antarctica. Admiral Byrd accepted him on the 1928–1930 expedition, eventually naming a mountain on the continent in his honor. Vaughan appeared in the documentary film "With Byrd at the South Pole" (1930).

In 1994, at the age of 88, Vaughan participated in an expedition to climb the 10,302 ft (3,150 m) Mount Vaughan. His plans to return in December 2005, to celebrate his 100th birthday, were scrapped in August due to lack of funds. A highlight of his publicity push was his appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on May 10, 2005, and a full-page article in the "Los Angeles Times". He made plans to return in 2006 but these were halted by his death just six months before the scheduled date.

In 1932, he competed in the Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, in the sprint mushing demonstration sport.

During World War II, Vaughan was employed by U.S. Army Air Forces Search and Rescue as a dogsled driver, attaining the rank of colonel and engaging in many rescue missions in Greenland. He was also a veteran of the Korean War.

Vaughan moved to Alaska at the age of 68. Bankrupt and divorced, he rebuilt his life, competing in 13 Iditarod races and "crashing" the Presidential Inauguration parade in 1977, bringing sled dogs to represent his adopted state. In 1981 and 1985, he and his Alaskan contingent formally participated in the parade. He also had a mountain named after him in the Antarctic.

In 1997, he organized the annual Norman Vaughan Serum Run to commemorate the 1925 serum run to Nome, which saved the town from a diphtheria epidemic.
He is survived by his fourth wife, the former Carolyn Muegge, who has also raced in the Iditarod, and a son and daughter from his earlier marriages. On the celebration of his 100th birthday on December 18, 2005, surrounded by over 100 friends and family, he had champagne, his first drink of liquor in his life, after promising his mother he wouldn't drink until he was 100. Five days later he died in the Providence Alaska Medical Center in Anchorage at around 10:30 AM on December 23, 2005. His wife and some close friends were with him.





</doc>
<doc id="2352830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2352830" title="J. E. R. Staddon">
J. E. R. Staddon

John Eric Rayner Staddon is a British-born American psychobiologist . He has been a critic of Skinnerian behaviorism and proposed a theoretically-based "New Behaviorism".

Educated first at University College London, a three-year period interrupted by two years in Central Africa (N. Rhodesia, now Zambia). After graduation from UCL, he went to the U. S., to Hollins College in Virginia for a year, and then to Harvard University where he studied under Richard Herrnstein, obtaining his PhD in Experimental Psychology in 1964 with a thesis "The effect of "knowledge of results" on timing behavior in the pigeon". He has done research at the MIT Systems Lab, Oxford University, the University of São Paulo at Ribeirão Preto, the National Autonomous University of Mexico, the Ruhr Universität, Universität Konstanz, the University of Western Australia and York University, United Kingdom, and taught at the University of Toronto from 1964 to 1967.

Since 1967, Staddon has been at Duke University; since 1983 he has been the James B. Duke Professor of psychology, and a professor of biology and neurobiology. He is an honorary visiting professor at the University of York (UK), and was an editor of the journals "Behavioural Processes" and "Behavior & Philosophy".





</doc>
<doc id="2353294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2353294" title="Martha Farah">
Martha Farah

Martha Julia Farah (born 30 August 1955) is a cognitive neuroscience researcher at the University of Pennsylvania. She has worked on an unusually wide range of topics; the citation for her lifetime achievement award from the Association for Psychological Science states that “Her studies on the topics of mental imagery, face recognition, semantic memory, reading, attention, and executive functioning have become classics in the field.” 

Farah has undergraduate degrees in Metallurgy and Philosophy from MIT, and a doctorate in Psychology from Harvard University. She has taught at Carnegie Mellon University and at the University of Pennsylvania, where she is now Walter H. Annenberg Professor of Natural Sciences and Director of the Center for Neuroscience & Society.

Farah’s early work focused on the neural bases of vision and memory. In her 1990 book, Visual Agnosia: Disorders of Object Recognition and What They Tell Us about Normal Vision (MIT Press), she framed many of the questions about visual recognition that the next two decades of cognitive neuroscience research addressed. These questions include whether the human brain uses a general-purpose pattern recognition system for all classes of visual object or whether there is specialization for face recognition and/or printed word recognition, and whether semantic memory knowledge is organized in the brain by category (e.g., living vs nonliving things) or modality (e.g. visual vs motoric information). Her research revealed a striking degree of division of labor, with specialized systems for a various categories of stimuli and types of information, and was summarized in The Cognitive Neuroscience of Vision (Wiley-Blackwell, 2000) and in the second edition of Visual Agnosia (MIT Press, 2004).

Farah was also among the first information-processing psychologists to use the behavior of neurological patients to test cognitive theories, starting in the early 1980s. At this time, cognition was understood by analogy with computers – mind is to brain as software is to hardware – and the difficulty of understanding a computer’s programs by exploring the effects of hardware “lesions” discouraged the use of neuropsychological methods in cognitive science. This criticism is only valid for certain types of computational architectures, and one of Farah’s contributions was to develop parallel distributed processing models of neuropsychological impairments.

In recent years, Farah has shifted her research focus to a new set of issues that lie at the interface between cognitive neuroscience and the real world. She was an early and influential participant in the field of neuroethics, the study of the societal and ethical implications of neuroscience. She was one of the founders of the International Neuroethics Society in 2006. Farah was also on the list of special guests invited to the Bilderberg meetings in May 2008. Some of her current research concerns the interaction between poverty and brain development. In August 2009, she was appointed Director of the Center for Neuroscience & Society at the University of Pennsylvania. Since November 2010, Martha Farah is member of the Board of Director of the Society for Social Neuroscience.




</doc>
<doc id="2353974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2353974" title="Jonathan Mostow">
Jonathan Mostow

Jonathan Mostow (born November 28, 1961) is an American film director, screenwriter, and film producer. He has directed films such as "Breakdown", "U-571", "", and "Surrogates".

Jonathan Mostow was born in Woodbridge, Connecticut on November 28, 1961. His father George Daniel Mostow is a mathematician, and his mother is a social worker. He graduated from Harvard University. He also trained at the American Repertory Company and the Lee Strasberg Institute.

In 1989, Mostow directed a direct-to-video horror comedy, "Beverly Hills Bodysnatchers".

He was originally attached to direct "The Game" (1997), with Kyle MacLachlan and Bridget Fonda for the lead roles. However, he ended up being an executive producer of the David Fincher-directed film. In 1997, he directed "Breakdown", a thriller film starring Kurt Russell.

In 2000, Mostow directed a World War II-era submarine film, "U-571". He assembled a cast including Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, Harvey Keitel, TC Carson, and Jon Bon Jovi. The film topped the U.S. box office chart.

In 2003, he directed the third installment of "The Terminator" film series, "", which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger.

Mostow co-wrote a comic book series, "The Megas", with John Harrison. Illustrated by Peter Rubin, it was published on Virgin Comics in 2008.

He returned to direct another film, "Surrogates", in 2009. Based on the comic book series, it starred Bruce Willis.

In 2017, he directed "The Hunter's Prayer", an action thriller film starring Sam Worthington.

On October 7, 2018, Mostow married writer Laurie Sandell. The two met through JDate in 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="2355566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2355566" title="Mary Schiavo">
Mary Schiavo

Mary Fackler Schiavo () is the former Inspector General of the United States Department of Transportation (DOT), where for six years she withstood pressure from within DOT and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as she sought to expose and correct problems she perceived at the agencies. In 1997, after her stormy tenure at the DOT, Schiavo wrote "Flying Blind, Flying Safe", which summed up her numerous concerns about the FAA's systemic flaws.

In 1987 and 1988, Schiavo, then known as Mary Sterling, handled Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) requests as a special assistant to then US Attorney General Dick Thornburgh. From 1989 to 1990, she also served at the United States Department of Labor as Assistant Secretary of Labor for Labor Management Standards. She also criticized the work of the 9/11 Commission.

Schiavo is interested in air safety, has represented many air-crash survivors, and appeared on investigative programs such as "Frontline".

She graduated from Harvard University and New York University.

In 1990 President of the United States George H.W. Bush appointed Schiavo as the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Transportation. Schiavo began campaigns to curb the sale of unapproved aircraft parts. The investigations under Schiavo, by 1996, lead to over 150 criminal convictions and over $47 million USD in restitutions and fines. The resulting prison sentences from the convictions ranged up to five years per person.

In 1997, after leaving her post at the DOT and long before the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, Schiavo wrote "Flying Blind, Flying Safe", a scathing expose of the fraud, corruption, waste, mismanagement, and dangerous negligence in the aviation industry and the FAA, as a crusader for flight safety. Her primary criticisms in the book focus on the FAA's reluctance to address its many shortcomings, while expressing her concern that there was a fundamental conflict of interest between the FAA job of oversight and the FAA job of promoting aviation.

In "Flying Blind", Schiavo describes how the FAA uses a formula ascribing specific monetary value to human lives, and how the agency allows numbers to decide whether the cost of extra safety is worth the additional expense (e.g., if equipping an airline fleet with smoke detectors would cost $100 million, but would only save 10 lives each worth $1 million, then the expense is ruled out). Schiavo is similarly critical of the internal FAA politics and the FAA's Administrators. She writes, "I can't remember when I started calling these men the 'Kidney Stone Administrators', but I do know that it became apparent to me early on that they were tolerated only because everyone at the FAA knew it was merely time before they would pass."

One reviewer was critical of the book, because he felt that "[h]er fundamental mistake is to argue that the FAA should pursue safety literally at all cost." Schiavo criticized the FAA for assigning monetary values to human lives; however laws requiring cost-benefit analyses (like the Regulatory Flexibility Act) require the FAA to assign monetary values to all potential losses and to analyze the cost to the public, if a proposed rule is implemented, and the cost if the rule is not implemented. The book has also been faulted many times for factual errors both scientific and legal.

After the Secretary of Transportation insisted that ValuJet was safe, Schiavo produced contrary evidence from government files. In the book's analysis of the ValuJet Flight 592 Crash, Schiavo reviews evidence the FAA had to have known ValuJet was quite unsafe. The FAA wanted ValuJet to survive, according to Schiavo, and as a result the FAA did not do its job of overseeing and enforcing rules. The FAA later shut the airline down. In 1997, unable to shake off the stigma of the crash, ValuJet merged with the smaller AirTran and started operations under that name. It has subsequently merged with Southwest Airlines.

In 1997, she was selected to receive the Outstanding Alumnus Award. During the 1997-98 academic year, Ms. Schiavo was a visiting professor, teaching a required graduate administrative law class, in the University's Master of Public Policy program, now the John Glenn School of Public Affairs. She was well respected by students, and received positive evaluations. At the end of the course, she provided students with a letter, offering guidance in their government careers. An especially meaningful passage reminded students that when people sought help, they generally phoned 911; however, as public servants, they were 911, meaning they had no one to phone. She reminded students of the goals and values of government, and warned that they may need to stand alone. After completing the professor in residence appointment in Public Policy, she accepted the McConnell Aviation Chair, teaching from 1998 to 2002.


In 1999, Schiavo was responsible for a bomb scare that partially shut down the Port Columbus International Airport in Columbus, Ohio for four hours. No criminal charges were filed against her for the incident.

Schiavo also contends FAA officials refused to believe the US faced a threat of domestic terrorism prior to 9/11, alleging flight schools "fairly well salivated at the thought of getting lots of foreign students, and the FAA encouraged it."

She has represented many of the families who have sued the U.S. airlines involved in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

Schiavo criticized the way 9/11 commission disclosed information given to it during the several hearings. The "New York Observer" reported: Ms. Schiavo sat in on the commission's hearing on aviation security on 9/11 and was disgusted by what it left out. "In any other situation, it would be unthinkable to withhold investigative material from an independent commission," she told this writer. "There are usually grave consequences. But the commission is clearly not talking to everybody or not telling us everything."



</doc>
<doc id="2357285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2357285" title="Tom Rush">
Tom Rush

Tom Rush (born February 8, 1941) is an American folk and blues singer and songwriter.

Rush was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, United States, the son of a teacher at St. Paul's School, in Concord, New Hampshire. He began performing in 1961 while studying at Harvard University, after having graduated from the Groton School. He majored in English literature. Many of his early recordings are versions of Lowland Scots and Appalachian folk songs. He regularly performed at the Club 47 coffeehouse (now called Club Passim) in Cambridge, the Unicorn in Boston, and The Main Point in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. In the 1970s he lived in Deering, New Hampshire.

Rush is credited by "Rolling Stone" magazine with ushering in the era of the singer-songwriter. In addition to performing his own compositions, he sang songs by Joni Mitchell, Jackson Browne, James Taylor, Murray McLauchlan, David Wiffen and William Hawkins, helping them to gain recognition early in their careers.

His 1968 composition "No Regrets" has become a standard, with numerous cover versions having been recorded (Rush did two radically different versions himself). These include The Walker Brothers, who gave Tom Rush Top Ten credit as a songwriter on the UK Singles Chart, Emmylou Harris, who included the song on her 1988 album "Bluebird", and Midge Ure whose cover also made the UK Top Ten.

On March 1, 2007 a video of his performance of Steven Walters' "The Remember Song" was uploaded to YouTube, and, as of April 2017, it has received over 7 million plays. Writing on his website, Rush said,

One of the earliest music videos produced (1968) for an artist by a record company, Elektra, can be found at his website. It was used to promote his signature song, "No Regrets" for his "The Circle Game" album. A number of recent videos from a 2010 concert performed in Old Saybrook, Connecticut can be found online.

Tom Rush is married to author Renée Askins and was formerly married to singer Beverly Rush.

Over the years Rush has used a number of guitars on stage, his current primary one a handcrafted acoustic made by Don Musser. In February 2012, Rush appeared on stage in Colorado with a new instrument, a cedar-top Dreadnought with an inlay of a snake wrapped around a reclining nude woman. The guitar, crafted by McKenzie & Marr Guitars is a "re-incarnation" of one of Rush's earliest acoustics, the famous "Naked Lady".

On December 28, 2012, Rush appeared at Boston Symphony Hall to celebrate fifty years in the music business.

With his new album "Voices" (2018) out, at age 79, Rush is still frequently performing, touring the United States, these days often accompanied on piano by Berklee graduate Matt Nakoa.




</doc>
<doc id="2362993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2362993" title="Lawrence Martin (journalist)">
Lawrence Martin (journalist)

Lawrence Michael Martin is a Canadian author and journalist. Born in Edinburgh, Scotland on 26 July 1947 and raised in Hamilton, Ont., he has degrees from McMaster University and Harvard. He has written ten books, including six national best sellers. He has worked for "The Globe and Mail" for 30 years, serving as a bureau chief in Montreal, Washington and Moscow.

Martin who started his journalism career as editor of the McMaster Silhouette also was reporter for the Hamilton Spectator and a columnist for Southam News. He has a written public affairs column for "The Globe and Mail" for the last fifteen years. He currently serves as the paper's columnist in Washington where, for his column writing in 2017, he was nominated for a National Newspaper Award.

His political books, which have received several award nominations, include;



His sports books include:

Martin is a recipient of McMaster University's Lifetime Leadership Achievement Award and the Queen’s Golden Jubilee Medal. He lives in Washington with his wife Maureen. His two daughters, Katie and Kristina, reside in London and Ottawa.


</doc>
<doc id="2364651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2364651" title="Judith Bailey (academic)">
Judith Bailey (academic)

Judith Irene Bailey ("née" Hege; born August 24, 1946) is an American academic who served as president of Northern Michigan University (1997–2003) and Western Michigan University (2003–2006).

Bailey came to WMU from Northern Michigan University where she served as president from 1997 to 2003, as the first female president of the university. Prior to assuming the presidency at NMU, Bailey was Vice President of Academic Affairs and Provost at the University of Maine as well as Vice President for Research and Public Service and Director of Cooperative Extension Service. Previously, she served in leadership roles in the Office of Extension Service of the University of the District of Columbia and the University of Maryland. She also has taught at George Mason University and the University of Maryland.

A native of North Carolina, Bailey earned a bachelor's degree in English from Coker College in Hartsville, SC. That school honored her in 1998 with its Distinguished Alumni Achievement Award. She earned her master's and doctoral degree from Virginia Tech in 1973 and 1976, respectively, and in 2005, she received Virginia Tech's Graduate Alumni Achievement Award. She also attended Harvard University's Institute for Educational Management in 1994 and took part in the institute's 1996 alumni seminar.

In 2004, Bailey launched implementation of a new Student Information System, "GoWMU", that dramatically altered students' electronic access to academic resources and services as well as streamlined operations across the campus.

On August 15, 2006, the Board of Trustees of Western Michigan University fired Bailey over drop of enrollment, after total enrollment fell from approximately 30,000 students to 25,000 over the three years she led the university. Bailey's termination by the board came after she refused an offer to buy out her contract, worth upwards of $400,000, if she resigned. Former president Diether Haenicke was named interim president at the same time. On October 27, 2006, it was announced that Bailey and the university had agreed to a severance package of $530,000.

Bailey has been president and senior consultant of JIHBAILEY ASSOCIATES, serving higher education and other nonprofits since 2006.

In January 2007, she became a senior fellow at the American Association of State Colleges and Universities. Bailey served as Interim Senior Executive Director of Enrollment Management at East Carolina University in Greenville, North Carolina from July 2007–May 2009. From May 2009–February 2011, she served as Interim Associate Director of University Advancement at Winston-Salem State University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.

Bailey was granted status as President Emeritus of Northern Michigan University on May 1, 2013.


</doc>
<doc id="2372897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2372897" title="Barbour Lathrop">
Barbour Lathrop

Thomas Barbour Lathrop (1847 – May 17, 1927) was an American philanthropist and world traveler. He was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

Lathrop was a grandson of Governor James Barbour of Virginia. He studied at the University of Bonn and Harvard University. Around 1890, he inherited a sizable fortune from his father.

As a young man, he had been a reporter for the newspaper "San Francisco Morning Call". Although he spent much of his time traveling, Lathrop considered the Bohemian Club in San Francisco his home for the rest of his life.

After he became wealthy, Lathrop traveled around the world many times. In the 1890s, Lathrop met a young biologist named David Fairchild who he persuaded to become a plant explorer. He financed Fairchild and accompanied him on some of his early travels. Lathrop's travels with Fairchild are described in detail the Fairchild and Douglas books.

Lathrop died on May 17, 1927 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.



</doc>
<doc id="2372907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2372907" title="Gabriel Carroll">
Gabriel Carroll

Gabriel Drew Carroll (born December 24, 1982) is an Assistant Professor of Economics at Stanford University. He graduated from Harvard with B.A. in mathematics and linguistics in 2005 and received his doctorate in economics from MIT in 2012. He was recognized as a child prodigy and received numerous awards in mathematics while a student.

Carroll won two gold medals (1998, 2001) and a silver medal (1999) at the International Mathematical Olympiad, earning a perfect score at the 2001 International Mathematical Olympiad held in Washington, D.C., shared only with American teammate Reid W. Barton and Chinese teammates Liang Xiao and Zhiqiang Zhang.

Gabriel earned a place among the top five ranked competitors (who are themselves not ranked against each other) in the William Lowell Putnam Competition all four years that he was eligible (2000–2003), a feat matched by only seven others (Don Coppersmith (1968–1971), Arthur Rubin (1970–1973), Bjorn Poonen (1985–1988), Ravi Vakil (1988–1991), Reid W. Barton (2001–2004), Daniel Kane (2003–2006), and Brian R. Lawrence (2007–08, 2010–11). His top-5 performance in 2000 was particularly notable, as he was officially taking the exam in spite of only being a high school senior, thus forfeiting one of his years of eligibility in college. He was on the first place Putnam team twice (2001–02) and the second place team once (2003).

He has earned awards in science and math, including the Intel Science Talent Search, has taught mathematics classes and tutorials, and plays the piano. He was a Research Science Institute scholar in 2000.

Carroll proposed Problem 3 of IMO 2009 and Problem 3 of IMO 2010. He also proposes problems to the USAMO such as problem 3 in 2007, 2008, 2010 and problem 6 in 2009.

During the 2005–06 academic year, he taught English in Chaling, Hunan, China. He worked at the National Bureau of Economic Research from 2006 to 2007.

Gabriel Carroll is an alumnus of Oakland Technical High School and graduated from Harvard University in 2005 with degrees in Mathematics and Linguistics. He graduated from the Economics Department at MIT in 2012, and spent one year at Microsoft Research as a postdoctoral researcher during 2012–2013.

Carroll married Canadian economist Eva Vivalt in August 2019.



</doc>
<doc id="2374005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2374005" title="Graham Fairchild">
Graham Fairchild

Alexander Graham Bell Fairchild (August 17, 1906 – February 10, 1994) was an American entomologist, and a member of the Fairchild family, descendants of Thomas Fairchild of Stratford, Connecticut and one of two grandsons of the scientist and inventor, Alexander Graham Bell, for whom he was named, and son of David Fairchild, a botanist and plant explorer.

Alexander ("Sandy" to his friends and family) was born in 1906 in Washington, D.C. Like most entomologists, Fairchild began his lifelong love affair with insects by collecting butterflies in the fields and barns where he lived. At the age of 15, now an avid butterfly collector, young Fairchild was first introduced to the intensely fecund, immensely complex world of the American ("New World") tropical forests by his father, who was helping with starting the Barro Colorado Tropical Research Station in Panama. After a long canoe ride up the Chagres River in Panama, he became permanently hooked on the tropics. After a number of magical years travelling with his plant collector father to the jungles of Sri Lanka, Sumatra, and Indonesia, Sandy reluctantly finished high school at age 20, to then attend Harvard, graduating in 1931, in the depths of the Great Depression.

With few to no jobs available, Sandy began working toward a Ph.D. in biology at Harvard. Encouraged by his faculty advisor, Professor Joseph Bequaert, Fairchild chose the Tabanidae, a family of insects known as "horse flies". Tabanids are worldwide, numerous, and taxonomically complex. Since some feed on humans and thus may carry diseases, Fairchild realized this specialty could get him a job in the tropics. Since he first fell in love with the tropics in Panama, he wrote his thesis, naturally, on the Tabanidae of Panama.

After a year in Northwest Brazil, studying mosquitos with the Rockefeller Foundation he landed his dream job in Panama at the Gorgas Memorial Laboratory now known as the Instituto Conmemorativo Gorgas de Estudios de la Salud. At 32, he moved to Panama with his bride Elva Russell Whitman of Boston, to there raise a family and research biting insects and ticks deemed threatening the thousands of Americans living at the time in the Panama Canal Zone. He eventually became Assistant, then Acting Director of that research facility in Tropical medicine, funded both by Congress and the Republic of Panamá. He published his research on taxonomy and epidemiology, in over 130 scientific papers and books. In recognition of his 32 years of work on Panamanian insects, in 1978 the Universidad de Panamá named their new Invertebrate Museum in his honor.

After retiring, Sandy and his wife Elva (whom he married in 1938) moved to Gainesville, Florida, where for the next 25 years, he continued to publish papers and advise graduate students and fellow scientists around the world. In retirement and without pay, he organized the collections of Neotropical Tabanidae at the University of Florida and later at the Florida State Collection of Arthropods. Among the numerous honors he was given during his lifetime, he was proudest of having been named by the American Entomological Society as Entomologist of the Year.

Sandy kept working happily in his chosen field until a week before he died—at the age of 87—on his last book. At last count, over 33 species of insects have been named after him by other entomologists.




</doc>
<doc id="2375053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2375053" title="Bernard Vorhaus">
Bernard Vorhaus

Bernard Vorhaus (December 25, 1904 – November 23, 2000) was an American film director born in New York City.

The Harvard University graduate, in addition to directing thirty-two films, was also the mentor to future film director David Lean, some of whose work as a film editor early in his career was on Vorhaus pictures. He worked steadily as a screenwriter in Hollywood while in his 20s but wanted to direct movies. He eventually decided to move to England and began directing quota quickies, such as "The Last Journey" (1935). After success in England, Vorhaus moved back to the U.S. and began working at Republic Pictures directing B-movies.

Vorhaus was blacklisted in 1951 at HUAC hearings. Vorhaus had already moved to Europe at that time and directed a few minor films while there. He finally returned to England and retired from the film business, founding a business specialising in house renovations.

Vorhaus had two children, Gwyn and David, an electronic music pioneer who worked under the name White Noise.




</doc>
<doc id="2379083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2379083" title="George Joseph (West Virginia)">
George Joseph (West Virginia)

George Joseph (born September 11, 1921) is the founder of Mercury Insurance Group of Los Angeles.

Joseph was born in Beckley, West Virginia, in 1921, the son of Lebanese immigrants. His father worked as a coal miner and as a storekeeper. He served as a B-17 navigator in World War II, serving in some 50 missions. In 1949, he earned a degree in Physics and Mathematics from Harvard University in 3 years on the GI Bill.

After he graduated, he took a job with the Occidental Life Insurance Company in Los Angeles as a systems analyst. In the evenings, he sold life insurance door-to-door. Noting that many of his customers would inquire about other lines of insurance (auto, property) in addition to life, Joseph proposed for Occidental to expand its offerings. After being rebuffed in 1954, he left Occidental and started his own insurance agency in California that bundled the life insurance policies he was already selling with property and casualty insurance and automobile insurance policies.

At the time, the automobile insurance industry was not flexible, with all drivers paying the same rate, regardless of their driving record or experience. Noting that, Joseph founded Mercury Insurance in 1962. Mercury offered auto insurance policies with differing rates, based on a driver's record and experience, a first in the industry. Now in its fiftieth year, Mercury employs 4,000 agents and has $4 billion in assets.

Joseph remains actively involved in the operations of Mercury Insurance as the Chairman of the Board, but the CEO of the company is now Gabe Tirador.

Joseph was active in the opposition to California Proposition 103 which regulated providers of insurance to individuals in California. Proposition 103 requires insurance carriers to file rates and receive prior approval before using the rates, and required all insurance carriers to roll back rates 20%. Joseph fought to repeal parts of the law in 1993, based on the grounds that the law promoted increased litigation in the insurance industry and that the law restricted competitive actions by insurance carriers.

Joseph is listed in the 2017 Forbes richest men in the world list, with an estimated net worth of US$1.6 billion



</doc>
<doc id="2379177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2379177" title="R. W. B. Lewis">
R. W. B. Lewis

Richard Warrington Baldwin Lewis (November 1, 1917 - June 13, 2002) was an American literary scholar and critic. He gained a wider reputation when he won a 1976 Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography, the first National Book Critics Circle Award for nonfiction, and a Bancroft Prize for his biography of Edith Wharton. "The New York Times" called the book "a beautifully wrought, rounded portrait of the whole woman, including the part of her that remained in shade during her life" and said that the "expansive, elegant biography ... can stand as literature, if nothing else."

He was the Neil Gray Professor of English and American Studies at Yale University, where he taught from 1959 until his retirement in 1988; from 1966 to 1972, he was master of Yale's Calhoun College. From 1954 to 1959 he taught at Rutgers–Newark. In 1988 Lewis received a Litt.D. from Bates College. A member of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences, Lewis received its Gold Medal for Biography in 2000.

Lewis is generally considered one of the founders of the academic field of American Studies. His interests ranged from criticism of American and European writers to biography and artistic criticism.

Lewis' career as critic involved him in the lives of many influential American and European thinkers and writers. 
Lewis received his doctoral degree from the University of Chicago, where he studied under Norman Maclean, author of the novel "A River Runs Through It and Other Stories". He and his wife and sometime co-author Nancy later became close friends with Southern writer Robert Penn Warren.

Lewis' first major work "The American Adam: Innocence, Tragedy, and Tradition in the Nineteenth Century" (1955) explored De Crèvecoeur's idea of the American as a "new man" - an innocent Adam in a bright new world dissociating himself from the historic past. Lewis portrayed this preoccupation as a pervasive, transforming ingredient of the American mind that shaped the consciousness of lesser thinkers as fully as it shaped the giants of the age. The book traces the Adamic theme in the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, Hawthorne, Herman Melville, Henry James and others, and in his epilogue Lewis exposes its continuing spirit in the works of F. Scott Fitzgerald, William Faulkner, Ralph Ellison, J. D. Salinger, and Saul Bellow.

Lewis was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Beatrix Elizabeth (Baldwin) and Leicester Crosby Lewis, an Episcopal minister. After preparing at Episcopal Academy and Phillips Exeter Academy, he earned his B.A. in 1939 at Harvard University and his M.A. in 1941 at the University of Chicago, where he also received a Ph.D. degree in 1954. In the meantime he volunteered for war service in 1942, enlisting as a private in the U.S. Air Force and becoming a second lieutenant, serving in the Middle East, North Africa, and Italy, commanding a unit in Tuscany, Italy,serving in the British-U.S. intelligence service known as "M.I. X" and receiving the Legion of Merit Award in 1944 for service behind enemy lines, After the war, he continued as a commanding officer of the Northern Italy War Crimes Investigation Team and was discharged from service in 1946 with the rank of major.

After returning from the war Lewis pursued his fascination with world literature, which was already awakened by his Harvard teachers. He also developed a lifelong fascination and love for Italy after visiting as a child, and serving there in the war. He and his wife Nancy visited there regularly for much of their lives, and Lewis later wrote a book on the city of Florence.

Lewis taught at Bennington College 1948-1950, and was dean of studies at the Salzburg Seminar in Austria 1950-1951. He was a visiting lecturer at Smith College 1951-1952 and a resident fellow at Princeton University in 1952-1954, then joined the faculty at Rutgers University as a professor of English until his Yale University appointment in 1959. In 1977 he was appointed the Neil Gray, Jr. Professor of English and American Studies, reflecting his abiding interest in American literature and American cultural life.

Lewis received numerous honors for his research and contributions, including a grant for literary achievement from the National Institute of Arts and Letters, an American Council of Learned Societies Fellowship, plus honorary degrees from several universities. He was invited to serve on both the National Book Award jury for fiction, on which he was charged with selecting the best novel of 1964, and on the 1977 jury for biography and autobiography. In 1988 he was one of 14 scholars chosen to advise the National Endowment for the Humanities on the state of American culture.

While teaching at Yale, Lewis lived in a house in Bethany, Connecticut. He worked in an octagonally-shaped writing studio situated in a ravine about 30 feet from his house. A railed walkway connected the house to the studio, which was built by Nancy Lewis' brother-in-law Isham McConnell, who studied under the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright. Lewis continued to write his books on a typewriter into his later years.

Bookshelves lined the walls of Lewis' office, with each section containing works from Lewis' various areas of research: the James' family, Edith Wharton, Dante and Italy, American literature, etc.

In 2006 the Yale College Writing Center was endowed with a directorship in Lewis' name.

"This position in Dick Lewis’ name will serve as a permanent tribute to a writer who made every subject he engaged in memorable and to a memorable teacher who made every student mindful of great writing,” said Yale President Richard C. Levin in a University press release.

Lewis married Nancy Lindau in 1950. They had three children: Nathaniel (born 1960), who is also a literary historian at Saint Michael's College; Sophie (born 1965), a health expert with the government of Massachusetts; and Emma (born 1967), an environmental lawyer. Lewis also had a son by the Danish writer Elsa Gress, the historian David Gress.

Lewis died in Bethany, Connecticut.





</doc>
<doc id="2379814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2379814" title="Clyde Kluckhohn">
Clyde Kluckhohn

Clyde Kluckhohn (; January 11, 1905, Le Mars, Iowa – July 28, 1960, near Santa Fe, New Mexico), was an American anthropologist and social theorist, best known for his long-term ethnographic work among the Navajo and his contributions to the development of theory of culture within American anthropology.

Kluckhohn matriculated at Princeton University, but was forced by ill health to take a break from study and went to convalesce on a ranch in New Mexico owned by his mother's cousin's husband, Evon Z. Vogt. During this period he first came into contact with neighboring Navajo and began a lifelong love of their language and culture. He wrote two popular books based on his experiences in Navajo country, "To the Foot of the Rainbow" (1927) and "Beyond the Rainbow" (1933).

He resumed study at the University of Wisconsin–Madison and received his AB in Greek 1928. He then studied classics at Corpus Christi College, Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar in 1928–1930 For the following two years, he studied anthropology at the University of Vienna and was exposed to psychoanalysis. After teaching at the University of New Mexico from 1932–1934, he continued graduate work in anthropology at Harvard University where he received his Ph.D in 1936. He remained at Harvard as a professor in Social Anthropology and later also Social Relations for the rest of his life.

In 1949, Kluckhohn began to work among five adjacent communities in the Southwest: Zuni, Navajo, Mormon (LDS), Spanish-American (Mexican-American), and Texas Homesteaders A key methodological approach that he developed together with his wife Florence Rockwood Kluckhohn and colleagues Evon Z. Vogt and Ethel M. Albert, among others, was the Values Orientation Theory. They believed that cross-cultural understanding and communication could be facilitated by analyzing a given culture's orientation to five key aspects of human life: Human Nature (people seen as intrinsically good, evil, or mixed); Man-Nature Relationship (the view that humans should be subordinate to nature, dominant over nature, or live in harmony with nature); Time (primary value placed on past/tradition, present/enjoyment, or future/posterity/delayed gratification); Activity (being, becoming/inner development, or doing/striving/industriousness); and Social Relations (hierarchical, collateral/collective-egalitarian, or individualistic). The Values Orientation Method was developed furthest by Florence Kluckhohn and her colleagues and students in later years.

Kluckhohn received many honors throughout his career. In 1947 he served as president of the American Anthropological Association and became first director of the Russian Research Center at Harvard. In the same year his book "Mirror for Man" won the McGraw Hill award for best popular writing on science.

Kluckhohn initially believed in the biological equality of races but later reversed his position. Kluckhohn wrote in 1959 that "in the light of accumulating information as to significantly varying incidence of mapped genes among different peoples, it seems unwise to assume flatly that ‘man’s innate capacity does not vary from one population to another’... On the premise that specific capacities are influenced by the properties of each gene pool, it seems very likely indeed that populations differ quantitatively in their potentialities for particular kinds of achievement.”

Clyde Kluckhohn died of a heart attack in a cabin on the Upper Pecos River near Santa Fe, New Mexico. He was survived by his wife, Dr. Florence Rockwood Kluckhohn, who also taught anthropology at Harvard's Department of Social Relations. Clyde Kluckhohn was also survived by his son, Richard Kluckhohn. Most of his papers are held at Harvard University, but some early manuscripts are kept at the University of Iowa.





</doc>
<doc id="2381604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2381604" title="Paul Fry (professor)">
Paul Fry (professor)

Paul Fry is the William Lampson Professor of English at Yale University, a specialist in British Romantic poetry.

He received his BA from the University of California, Berkeley and his Ph.D. from Harvard University.

At Yale, he was master of Ezra Stiles College from 1995 to 2002.



</doc>
<doc id="2385005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2385005" title="Byron Halsted">
Byron Halsted

Byron David Halsted (June 7, 1852 – August 28, 1918) was an American botanist and plant pathologist.

Halsted was born at Venice, New York. He studied at Michigan State University and at Harvard (D.Sc., 1879).

In 1885, he began teaching botany at Iowa State and in 1889, he moved on to Rutgers in New Jersey.

In addition to his writings on biology and agriculture, Halsted was known for his book, "Barn Plans and Outbuildings" (New York: Orange Judd Co., 1894).

Halsted was an uncle of plant explorer David Fairchild who studied with him in Iowa and New Jersey.


</doc>
<doc id="2385070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2385070" title="Benjamin Yeoh">
Benjamin Yeoh

Benjamin Yeoh (born 1978) is a British Chinese playwright.

Born near London, England his father came from Ipoh, Malaysia and mother from Singapore. His grandfather, Datuk Yeoh Cheang Lee was the first non-European chairman of the Perak Turf Club, in Ipoh, Malaysia.
Yeoh won a scholarship to Westminster School and went on to study Natural Sciences at Emmanuel College, Cambridge University, the same college as his father and grand father. He then went on to Harvard University as a Herchel Smith scholar studying dramaturgy and play writing.

Writing Work
Yeoh is also among the first generation of writers to have come from the Soho Theatre Young Writers’ Programme. He has also been on the Royal Court Theatre’s writers’ programme led in 2005 by playwright Jane Bodie.

Yeoh has directed several plays and has been involved with writing groups and mentorships such as Royal Court Writers, Soho Young Writers, BBC Radio, Moti Roti, Talawa and Yellow Ink. He sat on the board and then as Chair of Talawa Theatre Company for eight years until 2012. He (as of 2017 and since 2014) is Chair of the London-based theatre company, Coney.

Sustainable Investment Work
He won the Thomson Extel Award for Best Sector Sell-side Analyst for Integrated Socially Responsible Investment Analysis in 2003. This was the first award of its kind.

Yeoh sits on the UK regulator, Financial Reporting Council's, Investor Advisory Group. 

His first play, Lemon Love, was performed by Louie Bayliss and Salima Saxton at the Finborough Theatre, London (2001). Lemon Love is a revenge love story that involved a mystical older couple guiding and berating a younger couple in their stormy relationship. Directed by Elizabeth Freestone.

Lost in Peru, was his second full length piece, first performed at the Camden People’s Theatre, London (2003). It was Arts Council of England funded.

The play dealt with torture and interwove personal tragedies with those on a larger scale particularly 'the disappeared' in Latin America. The UK newspaper "The Guardian" suggested that 'while Yeoh and director Sarah Levinsky should get praise for trying to push the boundaries of form and style, both probably need reminding that there is no point in innovations and performance styles whose tricksiness threaten to bore the audience to death.'

A reading of his third play called Yellow Men, at the time (2004), was performed at the Soho Theatre and was produced by Yellow Earth Theatre. It also received Arts Council funding.

Yellow Men was renamed Yellow Gentlemen and performed at the Oval House Theatre in February - March, 2006. Time Out applauded "...the vertiginous sense of possibility and regret present in Yeoh’s intelligent script."

Patent Breaking Life Saving, directed by Jessica Dromgoole was broadcast by BBC World Service in December 2006. It starred Danny Sapani and Tanya Moodie. The play was about an African President who hits his head and starts giving out medicines for free.

The Places in Between, a dramatisation of the book by Rory Stewart, directed by Kirsty Williams and starring Greg Wise was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on 15 February 2007. The story is about Rory Stewart, who walks across Afghanistan just after the fall of the Taliban.

Nakamitsu won the international Gate Theatre Translation Award and was performed 24 May - 16 June 2007. It is a version of a Japanese Noh play.

The UK newspaper, the "Guardian" said of Nakamitsu: ‘"Small but exquisitely formed, Benjamin Yeoh's new version of a 14th-century Japanese Noh play is fusion theatre, borrowing from east as well as west. It is both strange and familiar, accessible and remote, restrained and yet somehow full-blown."’ 

Yeoh wrote the recorded dialogue for Coney's interactive re-imagining of Kensington Palace's State apartments, called House of Cards. 





</doc>
<doc id="2386402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2386402" title="George David">
George David

George Alfred Lawrence David (born April 7, 1942) is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Technologies Corporation. David was elected UTC’s President in 1992 and Chief Executive Officer in 1994. He joined UTC’s Otis Elevator subsidiary in 1975 and became its President in 1986.

David was born in Pennsylvania. His mother's name was Margaret; his father, Charles Wendell, was the director of libraries at the University of Pennsylvania and one of America's first Rhodes scholars. David left home after he graduated from high school in 1962 and enrolled in Harvard University on a full scholarship. He received his B.A. from Harvard and M.B.A. from the University of Virginia's Darden Graduate School of Business Administration. He worked for the Boston Consulting Group.

He is a board member of Citigroup, a member of The Business Council and the Business Roundtable, and Vice Chairman of the Peterson Institute for International Economics. He has served on the boards of the Graduate Business School at the University of Virginia, the National Minority Supplier Development Council, the U.S.-ASEAN Business Council, the Transatlantic Business Dialogue and the Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art.

In 1975 David began working for Otis Elevator Co., which was taken over by United Technologies Corp that same year.

In 1999, the Russian Federation awarded David with the Order of Friendship for his contributions to that nation’s economy, particularly to its aerospace industry. In 2001, he received the Air Force Association's John R. Alison Award for contributions to national defense by an industrial leader. In 2002, France named him to its Legion of Honor.

In 2000, he was named as one of America's Most Powerful People by Forbes magazine; and CEO of the Year by "Industry Week" in 2003.

He was awarded "CEO of the Year 2005" by Chief Executive Magazine.

In 2007, his last full year as chief executive of United Technologies Corp., David reaped $65 million in total compensation.

He married his high school sweetheart, adopted three children with her and divorced her thirty later.

In 2009, David divorced his second wife Marie Douglas-David. She contested a $43 million postnuptial agreement and requested a settlement of approximately $100 million. Marie Douglas-David ended up with only $5 million.

In July 2012, David married Wendy Touton.

A member of the New York Yacht Club and the Royal Yacht Squadron, he is an avid yachtsman and racer actively campaigning his R/P 90 named "Rambler 88" (formerly Alfa Romeo I, ex-Shockwave) in regattas around the world. He then owned the "Rambler 100". The yacht capsized during the 2011 Fastnet race. All crew, including David and Wendy Touton, were rescued.

In 2012 George David's maxi "Rambler" shattered the Newport to Bermuda Race record, shaving 14 hours off the previous fastest time recorded in the 635 mile race.


</doc>
<doc id="2388997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2388997" title="Rashida Jones">
Rashida Jones

Rashida Leah Jones (; born February 25, 1976) is an American actress, writer, and producer. She is best known for starring as Ann Perkins on the NBC comedy series "Parks and Recreation" (2009–2015).

Jones appeared as Louisa Fenn on the Fox drama series "Boston Public" (2000–2002) and as Karen Filippelli on the NBC comedy series "The Office" (2006–2011). From 2016 to 2019, Jones starred as the lead eponymous role in the TBS comedy series "Angie Tribeca".

Jones is also known for her roles in such films as "I Love You, Man" (2009), "The Social Network" (2010), "Our Idiot Brother" (2011), "The Muppets" (2011), "Celeste and Jesse Forever" (2012), which she co-wrote, and "Tag" (2018). Jones also co-wrote the story of "Toy Story 4" (2019).

As a filmmaker, she directed the first episode of "Hot Girls Wanted", a series that focused on the sex industry. She was also executive producer of the series. In 2018, her documentary "Quincy", about her father, Quincy Jones, debuted on Netflix; it won the Grammy Award for Best Music Film in 2019.

Jones was born in Los Angeles, California, to actress Peggy Lipton and musician/record producer Quincy Jones. She is the younger sister of actress and model Kidada Jones, and half-sister to five siblings from their father's other relationships, including Kenya Jones and Quincy Jones III. Jones's father is African American with Tikar roots from Cameroon, and a paternal Welsh grandfather. Her mother was Ashkenazi Jewish (a descendant of Jewish emigrants from Russia and Latvia). Jones and her sister were raised in Reform Judaism by their mother; Jones attended Hebrew school, though she left at the age of ten and did not have a Bat Mitzvah.

Jones grew up in Los Angeles' Bel Air neighborhood. She has said of her parents' mixed-race marriage: "it was the 1970s and still not that acceptable for them to be together". In his autobiography, her father recalled how he would often find the six-year-old Jones under the covers after bedtime, reading five books at a time with a flashlight. She has said that she grew up a "straight-up nerd" and "had a computer with floppy disks and a dial-up modem before it was cool".

Jones displayed musical ability from a young age and can play classical piano. Her mother told "Entertainment Tonight" that Jones is "also a fabulous singer and songwriter".

Jones attended The Buckley School in Sherman Oaks, California, where she made the National Honor Society and was voted "Most Likely To Succeed" by her classmates. Jones was involved with theater at Buckley, with tutelage from acting teacher Tim Hillman. Jones's parents divorced when she was 14 years old; her sister subsequently remained with their father, while Rashida moved with their mother to Brentwood.

In 1994, Jones garnered attention with an open letter responding to scathing remarks made by rapper Tupac Shakur about her parents' interracial marriage. They managed to patch up their differences and Shakur eventually went on to be friends with Rashida and her family. Rashida's sister, Kidada Jones, was dating Tupac at the time of his death.

Rashida Jones attended Harvard University, where she lived in Currier House and Eliot House. She belonged to the Hasty Pudding Theatricals, Harvard Radcliffe Dramatic Club, Harvard-Radcliffe "Opportunes", Black Students Association, and the Signet Society. She was initially interested in becoming a lawyer but changed her mind after becoming disillusioned by the O. J. Simpson murder trial. She became involved in the performing arts and served as musical director for the "Opportunes", an "a cappella" group, co-composed the score for the 149th annual Hasty Pudding Theatricals performance, and acted in several plays. In her second year at college, Jones performed in "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide / When the Rainbow Is Enuf", which she said was "healing" because she had been seen by many blacks as not being "black enough". She studied religion and philosophy and graduated in 1997.

Jones made her professional acting debut in "The Last Don", a 1997 miniseries based on the novel by Mario Puzo. She next appeared in "Myth America", "East of A" and "If These Walls Could Talk 2". In 2000, she guest starred as Karen Scarfolli on "Freaks and Geeks" before landing the role of Louisa Fenn on "Boston Public." Between 2000 and 2002, she appeared in 26 episodes, earning an NAACP Image Award nomination in her final year. Although she had a minor supporting role in the series, film opportunities quickly surfaced. She had a small role in "Full Frontal", directed by Steven Soderbergh, and starred in "Now You Know", written and directed by Kevin Smith regular Jeff Anderson. She also starred in the short film "Roadside Assistance" with Adam Brody.

After Jones left "Boston Public", she appeared in "Death of a Dynasty", directed by Damon Dash, and two episodes of "Chappelle's Show" on Comedy Central. In 2004, she was cast in "Strip Search", an HBO film directed by Sidney Lumet, but her scenes were cut from the final broadcast version. Later that year, she played Dr. Rachel Keyes in "Little Black Book" and starred as Edie Miller in British drama series "NY-LON". In 2005, Jones played Karen in the "Stella" pilot on Comedy Central and special government agent Carla Merced in the TNT police drama "Wanted".

Jones was considering leaving the acting profession and pursuing a graduate degree in public policy before she was offered the part on "The Office". She joined the ensemble cast in September 2006, playing the role of Karen Filippelli. She appeared regularly during the third season, returning as a guest star for three episodes in seasons four, five, and seven.

Jones also played Karen in the February 2007 "Saturday Night Live" episode hosted by Rainn Wilson, appearing briefly in the opening monologue's "Office" parody. Jones filmed cameo roles in "The Ten" and "Role Models", both directed by David Wain, with the latter appearing on the Blu-ray release. She co-starred in "Unhitched", the short-lived 2008 comedy series produced by the Farrelly brothers. She also appeared as the love interest in the Foo Fighters' music video "Long Road to Ruin".
In January 2009, Jones voiced several characters in an episode of the Adult Swim show "Robot Chicken". She played Hannah in "Brief Interviews with Hideous Men", an independent film by John Krasinski that screened during the 2009 Sundance Film Festival. She co-starred as Zooey Rice in "I Love You, Man", a DreamWorks comedy with Paul Rudd and Jason Segel.

Jones accepted a role in "Parks and Recreation", a mockumentary-style sitcom on NBC. The show was created by Greg Daniels and Michael Schur, with whom she previously worked on "The Office". She played nurse Ann Perkins from the show's debut until midway through the sixth season, and reprised the role for the final episode of the series.

Jones had a small role in the 2010 Kevin Smith film "Cop Out". She appeared in "The Social Network" (2010), alongside Jesse Eisenberg and Andrew Garfield, which is set at Harvard. She played Marylin Delpy, a second-year legal associate assisting with the defense of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.

Jones starred opposite Chris Messina in "Monogamy" (2010), a drama directed by Dana Adam Shapiro. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010 and was released theatrically in March 2011.

Jones's other 2011 films were "Friends with Benefits", starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis; "The Big Year", with Steve Martin, Owen Wilson, and Jack Black; "The Muppets", with Jason Segel, Amy Adams and Chris Cooper; and "Our Idiot Brother", with Paul Rudd, Elizabeth Banks and Emily Mortimer. In the latter she played a lesbian lawyer named Cindy, the caring girlfriend of a bisexual character played by Zooey Deschanel. Jones also has a cameo in the Beastie Boys' short film "Fight For Your Right Revisited", which premiered at the 2011 Sundance Film Festival. Additionally, Jones appeared on an episode of "Wilfred" as Lisa, a hospice volunteer. The episode aired on July 21, 2011 on FX.

In 2012, she starred opposite Andy Samberg in the film "Celeste and Jesse Forever", which she co-wrote.

Along with Danny DeVito, she was a voice guest star in "The Simpsons" episode "The Changing of the Guardian" (season 24, episode 11).

In 2014, Jones was cast in the lead role of Angie Tribeca on the TBS comedy series "Angie Tribeca", which premiered in 2016. The show was created by Steve and Nancy Carrell and was cancelled in 2019.

In 2015, Jones produced the documentary film "Hot Girls Wanted", which examines the role of teenage girls in pornographic films. Netflix acquired the film after the film's premiere at Sundance Film Festival; it premiered on May 29, 2015.

Jones created "Frenemy of the State", a comic book series about a socialite who is recruited by the CIA. The comics are published by Oni Press and co-written with husband-and-wife writing team Nunzio DeFilippis and Christina Weir. In October 2009, before the first issue had been released, Jones sold the screen rights to Universal Pictures and Imagine Entertainment. Brian Grazer and Eric Gitter produced the film, and Jones co-wrote the screenplay with writing partner Will McCormack.

Jones sold her first screenplay, a comedy titled "Celeste and Jesse Forever", in March 2009. She co-wrote the script with McCormack and was attached to star in the film. It was released in 2012.

In 2016, Jones co-wrote the teleplay of "Nosedive", an episode of the television anthology series "Black Mirror" with Michael Schur from a story by Charlie Brooker.

Jones and McCormack worked on the script of "Toy Story 4" for Pixar Animation Studios. Jones left the writing assignment early due to feeling that Pixar is "a culture where women and people of color do not have an equal creative voice." The film was released in June 2019, with the pair being among those receiving a "story by" credit.

Jones has been published in "Teen Vogue" magazine, where she worked as a contributing editor. She wrote chapter 36 of her father's biography, "" (2001).

Jones was a contributing essayist to the 2017 book "Courage is Contagious", a compilation of essays written about former First Lady Michelle Obama.

As a singer, Jones has provided backing vocals for the band Maroon 5. She appears on the tracks "Tangled", "Secret" and "Not Coming Home" from their debut record, "Songs About Jane", and on "Kiwi" from the follow-up album "It Won't Be Soon Before Long". Jones was a guest vocalist on the Tupac Shakur tribute album, "The Rose That Grew from Concrete", released in 2000. The track, "Starry Night", also featured her father's vocals, Mac Mall's rapping, and her half-brother QD3's production. Jones also contributed vocals on the song "Dick Starbuck: Porno Detective" on The High & Mighty's 1999 debut "Home Field Advantage".

Jones contributed vocals to songs on "The Baxter", "The Ten" and "" soundtracks. She sang in some episodes of "Boston Public" and for charitable events such as the What A Pair Benefit in 2002 to raise money for breast cancer research. In May 2015, Jones released a song titled "Wanted to Be Loved" alongside Daniel Ahearn, the song was used in a documentary titled Hot Girls Wanted which Jones produced.

In 2002, Jones appeared in the video to "More Than a Woman" by Aaliyah alongside her sister Kidada Jones and then-boyfriend Mark Ronson. Jones has also appeared in music videos for The Boy Least Likely To song "Be Gentle With Me", and the Foo Fighters' single "Long Road to Ruin". In the latter she was credited as Racinda Jules and played the role of Susan Belfontaine. In 2013, Jones directed the music video for Sara Bareilles' song "Brave". It marked her debut as a director.

In 2016, she featured in the music video "Flip and Rewind" by Boss Selection, with the video directed by Jones and McCormack.

Jones has appeared in several online comedy series projects. She starred in Funny or Die's "Speak Out" series with Natalie Portman and guest starred in two episodes in the first webseason "Web Therapy" with Lisa Kudrow. Due to other commitments, Jones was unable to reprise her role for the second, third and fourth seasons, provided voiceover work for an off-screen appearance in the show's first TV season (containing her appearance from the first webseason) and was able to make time to reprise her role on-screen for an exclusive appearance in the second-season finale of the show. She also played David Wain in disguise for an episode of My Damn Channel's "Wainy Days". In 2008, Jones appeared with several other celebrities in , an all-star video satirising California's anti-gay marriage initiative, written by Marc Shaiman From 2013 to 2015, she provided the voice of Hotwire on the Hulu comedy series "The Awesomes".

In 2011, Dove selected Jones as its spokeswoman for its "Dove Nourishing Oil Care Collection." In 2015, she began starring in a series of commercials for Verizon FiOS. In 2017, Jones became a spokeswoman for the Almay brand of cosmetics. In 2018, Jones became the first female ambassador for Maison Kitsune.

Though raised Jewish, Jones began practicing Hinduism in her early teens with her mother, after the two visited an ashram in India. As an adult, she practices Judaism. She told a reporter:

On her multi-racial identity, she has remarked "I have gone through periods where I only feel black or Jewish. Now I have a good balance."

Jones was engaged to music producer Mark Ronson in February 2003. He proposed on her 27th birthday, using a custom-made crossword puzzle spelling out "Will you marry me?" Their relationship ended approximately one year later. 

In 2018, Jones had a son with her boyfriend, musician Ezra Koenig.

Jones has worked to promote Peace First (formerly Peace Games), a nonprofit that teaches children to resolve conflict without violence. She has been a board member since 2004 and holds several annual benefits to raise money for the organization. Jones has participated in Stand Up to Cancer events, EDUN and ONE: The Campaign to Make Poverty History, and The Art of Elysium's volunteer program, which runs artistic workshops for hospitalized children. In 2007, she was honorary chair of the annual Housing Works benefit, which fights AIDS and homelessness in New York City. She has helped fundraise for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, the EB Medical Research Foundation, and New York's Lower Eastside Girls Club.

In 2016, Jones visited a Syrian refugee camp in Lebanon. She wrote about the confronting experience for "Vanity Fair". She also made a virtual reality movie to document her experiences, which appeared on rescue.org.

Jones has campaigned in the last four cycles for Democratic Party presidential candidates. She supported Barack Obama during the 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns. In 2008, along with Kristen Bell, she visited college campuses in Missouri to discuss the candidates and to encourage voter registration for the Democratic Party. In 2012, she campaigned in Iowa along with co-star Adam Scott. Jones previously campaigned for Democratic candidate John Kerry during the 2004 election, speaking at student rallies and a public gallery in Ohio. In the 2016 Democratic primary, she endorsed Hillary Clinton in the 2016 US presidential election.




</doc>
<doc id="2389439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2389439" title="Peter Moore (chemist)">
Peter Moore (chemist)

Peter B. Moore (born October 15, 1939) is Sterling Professor emeritus of Chemistry, Professor of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry at Yale University. He has dedicated his entire career to understanding the structure, function, and mechanism of the ribosome.

Moore was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1939 to Laura Bartlett Moore and Francis Daniels Moore. He received his B.S. degree in biophysics from Yale University in 1961, and his Ph.D. in biophysics from Harvard University in 1966, where he worked in the laboratory of James D. Watson. Prior to attending Yale, Moore graduated from Milton Academy, a prestigious college preparatory school in Milton, Massachusetts where he was elected to the Cum Laude Society. As a postdoctoral fellow and a sabbatical visitor, he has done research at the University of Geneva, Switzerland (with A. Tissieres), at the Medical Research Council Laboratory of Molecular Biology, Cambridge, England (with Hugh E. Huxley), and at the University of Oxford, England.

He is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and of the Biophysical Society, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1997. He is a member of the American Society of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Sigma Xi, American Chemical Society, New York Academy of Sciences, RNA Society and the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering. He has served on numerous advisory committees for the Department of Energy, Brookhaven National Laboratory, and the National Research Council. He was chairman of the Department of Chemistry at Yale from 1987-1990. He is a past Editor of the "Biophysical Journal".




</doc>
<doc id="2391433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2391433" title="Elizabeth Fox-Genovese">
Elizabeth Fox-Genovese

Elizabeth Ann Fox-Genovese (May 28, 1941 – January 2, 2007) was an American historian best known for her works on women and society in the Antebellum South. A Marxist early on in her career, she later converted to Roman Catholicism and became a primary voice of the conservative women's movement. She was awarded the National Humanities Medal in 2003.

Elizabeth Ann Fox was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She was the daughter of Cornell professor Edward Whiting Fox, a specialist in the history of modern Europe, and Elizabeth Mary (née Simon) Fox, whose brother was real estate mogul Robert Simon. Her father was Protestant, of English, Scottish and Irish descent; her mother was Jewish, from a family that immigrated from Germany. Elizabeth Fox studied at the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris in France and attended Bryn Mawr College. In 1963 she received a BA in French and history. At Harvard University, she earned a Master's degree in history in 1966 and a PhD in 1974.

In 1969 she married fellow historian Eugene D. Genovese and changed her surname to Fox-Genovese. They collaborated on some historical works in the course of their careers and had a professional partnership. In the 1970s they founded the journal, "Marxist Perspectives," publishing the first issue in Spring 1978. Described as "brilliant but short-lived", it was published into the early 1980s. In 2012, in a partnership with the Brooklyn Institute for Social Research, "Dissent" magazine
announced plans to digitize issues of the journal and make them available online.

After completing her PhD, Fox first taught at Binghamton University and The University of Rochester. In 1986 she was recruited as founding director for the Institute for Women's Studies at Emory University. At the Institute, she served as director and began the first doctoral program in Women's Studies in the US; she personally directed thirty-two doctoral dissertations. She also taught history as the Eleonore Raoul Professor of the Humanities.

In 1993 L. Virginia Gould, one of her former graduate students, named Fox-Genovese and Emory University as co-defendants in a sexual discrimination and harassment lawsuit. Emory settled the lawsuit out of court. Financial details were not released.

Fox-Genovese grew up in a household of secular intellectuals who were respectful of Christianity, but nonbelieving. For most of her adult life, she considered herself Christian only "in the amorphous cultural sense of the word." Having "thoroughly imbibed materialist philosophy," she inhabited "a world that took it as a matter of faith that 'God is dead'." In 1995, however, Fox-Genovese publicly converted to Roman Catholicism, due in part to her deep unease about "moral relativism" (since she found "a world in which each followed his or her moral compass" neither rational nor viable). She said she was also reacting to the pride and self-centeredness that she had witnessed in the secular academy. Some observers regarded her reputation as a feminist as being at odds with her conversion, but she found it to be "wholly consistent." She wrote, "Sad as it may seem, my experience with radical, upscale feminism only reinforced my growing mistrust of individual pride."

Fox-Genovese died in 2007, aged 65, in Atlanta. She had lived with Multiple sclerosis for 15 years. The following year, Eugene Genovese published a tribute to his wife, "Miss Betsey: A Memoir of Marriage".

Fox-Genovese's academic interests changed from French history to the history of women in the United States before the American Civil War. Virginia Shadron, assistant dean at Emory, later said that Fox-Genovese's "Within the Plantation Household" (1988) cemented her reputation as a scholar of women in the Old South. Contemporary reviews praised it; one described her work as bridging "the gap between the study of individual identity and the economic and social milieu." Mechal Sobel of "The New York Times" wrote, "Elizabeth Fox-Genovese undertakes the enormous tasks of telling the life stories of the last generation of black and white women of the Old South, and of analyzing the meanings of these connected stories as a way of illuminating both Southern and women's history—tasks at which she succeeds brilliantly."

This book received the following awards:

Fox-Genovese also wrote scholarly and popular works on feminism. Through her writings, she alienated many feminists but attracted many women who may have considered themselves conservative feminists. Princeton University history professor Sean Wilentz said, "She probably did more for the conservative women's movement than anyone... [Her] voice came from inside the academy and updated the ideas of the conservative women's movement. She was one of their most influential intellectual forces." Fox-Genovese reportedly had no patience with the cultural feminist trend of viewing women and men as possessing completely different values, and she criticized the idea that women's natural instincts and experience of oppression gave them a superior capacity for justice and mercy. For this, she had been labeled by Cathy Young as an "antifeminist".






</doc>
<doc id="2392282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2392282" title="Randall Thompson">
Randall Thompson

Randall Thompson (April 21, 1899 – July 9, 1984) was an American composer, particularly noted for his choral works.

Randall attended The Lawrenceville School, where his father was an English teacher. He then attended Harvard University, became assistant professor of music and choir director at Wellesley College, and received a doctorate in music from the University of Rochester's Eastman School of Music. He went on to teach at the Curtis Institute of Music (serving as its Director 1941/1942), at the University of Virginia, and at Harvard University. He is particularly noted for his choral works. He was an honorary member of the Rho Tau chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia fraternity at Appalachian State University.

Thompson composed three symphonies and numerous vocal works including "Americana", "The Testament of Freedom", "Frostiana", and "The Peaceable Kingdom", inspired by Edward Hicks's painting. His most popular and recognizable choral work is his anthem, "Alleluia", commissioned by Serge Koussevitzky for the opening of the Berkshire Music Center at Tanglewood. He also wrote the operas "Solomon and Balkis" and "The Nativity According to St. Luke".

"Americana", a song cycle, is written in a 20th-century musical art style known as "News Items"—compositions that parody newspaper layout and content, or whose lyrics are lifted from media of the day. The lyrics are lifted from the "Americana" section of H. L. Mencken's "American Mercury" magazine, which would reprint quotes and stories from U.S. publications. The song cycle's texts come from such publications as the Seattle, Washington, "Post-Intelligencer", the Little Rock, Arkansas, "Gazette", and a leaflet issued by the National Women's Christian Temperance Union.

Leonard Bernstein was one of Thompson's students both at Harvard and at Curtis, according to his own testimony in a speech he gave at Curtis Institute's 75th Anniversary Banquet. Thompson's other notable students include Samuel Adler, Leo Kraft, Juan Orrego-Salas, John Davison, Thomas Beveridge, Charles Edward Hamm, George Lynn, William P. Perry, Christopher King, Joel Cohen, Frederic Rzewski, Richard Edward Wilson, John Walter Hill, and David Borden.

In honor of Thompson's vast influence on male choral music, on May 2, 1964 he became the first recipient of the prestigious University of Pennsylvania Glee Club Award of Merit. Established in 1964, this award sought "to bring a declaration of appreciation to an individual each year that has made a significant contribution to the world of music and helped to create a climate in which our talents may find valid expression." He was also a recipient of Yale University's Sanford Medal.








</doc>
<doc id="2393536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2393536" title="Hamilton Fish IV">
Hamilton Fish IV

Hamilton Fish IV or Hamilton Fish Jr. (June 3, 1926 – July 23, 1996) was a Republican politician best known as a member of the U.S. Congressional Delegation from New York. Fish was a member of the prominent Fish political family.

Fish was born in Washington, D.C., the son of Grace Chapin and Hamilton Fish III (1888–1991). His grandfathers were Hamilton Fish II (1849–1936) and Alfred C. Chapin, who were both lawyers and politicians. He was a great-grandson of Hamilton Fish (1808–1893), a descendant of Lewis Morris, and a cousin of the Kean family of New Jersey politicians.

He attended the prestigious private Kent School, and graduated from Harvard University in 1949. He received an LL.B. from New York University School of Law in 1957. He also attended Harvard's Graduate School of Public Administration. While in college, Fish was a member of the United States Naval Reserve.

From 1951 to 1953, Fish served with the United States Foreign Service and was posted as vice consul to Ireland. He practiced law privately before his election to the House, and in 1961, Fish served as a lawyer for the New York State Assembly's Judiciary Committee.

Fish was a candidate for the 90th Congress in 1966. While he won the Republican primary, he was defeated in the general election by Democrat Joseph Y. Resnick. In the 1968 Republican primary, he defeated G. Gordon Liddy, and went on to win in the general election that year. He served in the 91st United States Congress, and was re-elected to the 12 succeeding Congresses, serving from January 3, 1969 to January 3, 1995.

As a member of the U.S. House Committee on the Judiciary in 1974, he voted in favor of the first two of the three Articles of Impeachment (for obstruction of justice and abuse of power) of President Richard Nixon.

In 1951, Fish was married to Julia MacKenzie (1927–1969), who was born in Montreal, Quebec, and was the daughter of Ellice MacKenzie. Together, they were the parents of:


After Julia's death in a car accident in 1969, he married Billy Laster Cline (1924–1985), the daughter of Mayne E. Laster (1903–1972), a cattle rancher, and Mildred (née Greenwood) Laster (1912–1987), in 1971. They remained married until her death in 1985. In 1988, he married Mary Ann Tinklepaugh (b. 1930), a Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce in the Reagan and Bush administrations.

Fish died at his home in Washington, D.C. on July 23, 1996.



</doc>
<doc id="2394291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2394291" title="James Gilbert Baker">
James Gilbert Baker

James Gilbert Baker (November 11, 1914 – June 29, 2005) was an American astronomer and designer of optics systems.

He was born in Louisville, Kentucky to Jesse B. Baker and Hattie M. Stallard, the fourth child of that couple. He attended Louisville duPont Manual High School then majored in mathematics at the University of Louisville. During his time at the university he became interested in astronomy and grinding his own mirrors. In 1931 he helped to form the Louisville Astronomical Society. He graduated with a B.A. in 1935.

He met his future wife, Elizabeth Katherine Breitenstein, while at the university.

Pursuing his interest in astronomy, he studied at the Harvard College Observatory. He earned his M.A. in 1936, gained an appointment as a Junior Fellow of the Harvard Society from 1937 until 1943. It was in 1940 that he developed the Baker-Schmidt telescope, a modification of the schmidt camera. In 1942 he was awarded his Ph.D. in astronomy and astrophysics from Harvard University.

After the start of World War II, he was recruited to be a civilian optical designer for the Army's newly formed aerial reconnaissance branch under Colonel George W. Goddard. He would design wide-angle camera systems and test them in unpressurized compartments during test flights. He also became a consultant for the Perkin Elmer Corporation. Following the war he then became an advisor for the Air Force Photographic Laboratory.

Living in Cambridge, Massachusetts, from 1946 until 1949 he was an associate professor at Harvard University, as well as continuing his research into optics he had pursued during the war. In 1948 he moved to Orinda, California to join the Lick Observatory as a research associate. He returned to Harvard in 1950.

Prior to the launch of the Sputnik I spacecraft, Baker collaborated with Joseph Nunn to build a series of 12 satellite tracking cameras that would be called the Baker-Nunn camera. Dr. Baker designed the optical system for the cameras, which were fabricated by Perkin-Elmer Corporation.

He and Edwin Land were instrumental in persuading President Dwight Eisenhower to have the U-2 spy plane built. Baker also designed the lenses and most of the cameras used on the U-2 spy plane and later the SR-71 Blackbird. In addition, he designed the lenses and cameras used in the Samos satellite program, and a modified version of these optics were later used in the lunar mapping programs.

During the 1960s he designed the folding optics for the Polaroid SX-70 Land Camera. He also designed the Baker Super-Schmidt camera, which was used to track meteors, and the Paul-Baker telescope. In 1960 he became president of the Optical Society of America.

Baker was the author of many technical papers and he held more than 50 U.S. patents. He was the first person to use a computer for the design of optics.

He died in Bedford, New Hampshire at the age of 90, and was survived by his wife Elizabeth, and his three sons, a daughter, and five grandchildren. (His children have also pursued technical careers).






</doc>
<doc id="2399985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2399985" title="Greg Whitten">
Greg Whitten

Greg Whitten is an American computer engineer, investor and car collector.

Whitten graduated from the University of Virginia with a B.A. in mathematics in 1973, and from Harvard University with a Ph.D. in applied mathematics in 1978.

He worked for Compucolor, a company in Georgia established in 1977 that made the home computer Compucolor II (an early PC) but ran out of business in 1983. While here, he reputedly optimized an unlicensed copy of Microsoft Basic so effectively that Microsoft later forgave Compucolor for their infringement in exchange for the rights to the enhancements.

He then worked for Microsoft from 1979 to 1998. He developed the standards for the company's BASIC compiler line.

"GW" in the name of the GW-BASIC dialect (first released 1983) of BASIC developed by Microsoft may have come from Greg Whitten's initials:
"The GW-BASIC name stands for Gee-Whiz BASIC. The GW- name was picked by Bill Gates. He is the one who knows whether it was Gee-Whiz or after me because it has been used both ways. I did set the directions for the BASIC language features after joining the company in 1979."
As a chief software architect, he also oversaw the development of the enterprise support systems required in Windows for the Microsoft Office.

In 1998 he became member of the board of Numerix, a financial software company established 1996, where he had made a major investment and in 2001 was elected Boardman after another major investment. After being its CEO 2003–13, he was succeeded by Steve O'Hanlon.

He is also a vintage car enthusiast and has a famous car collection that contains various Ferraris including his first, a Ferrari F40, a Ferrari Enzo (#131632), a Ferrari 250 GTO (#3413GT, 2000–2018), a Ferrari 250 LM (#5907, 1994–2005), a Ferrari 250 GT TdF (#0703GT, 1997–), a Ferrari F50 (#104163, 1995–2004), and two LaFerrari, of which one is the unique in blue electrics. His Ferrari 250 GTO sold for $48.8 million at a public auction in August 2018.


</doc>
<doc id="2400586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2400586" title="Gleason Archer Jr.">
Gleason Archer Jr.

Gleason Leonard Archer Jr. (May 22, 1916 – April 27, 2004) was a biblical scholar, theologian, educator and author.

Gleason Archer was born in Norwell, Massachusetts in 1916 and became a Christian at a young age through the influence of his mother, Elizabeth Archer. His maternal grandfather was a pastor. Archer's father was Gleason Archer Sr., the founder of Suffolk Law School in Boston. Archer grew up in Boston and spent summers in Norwell. He graduated from Boston Latin School and in 1938 he graduated from Harvard University with a BA (summa cum laude in Classics). He received an LL.B. from Suffolk Law School in Boston in 1939, the same year he was admitted to the Massachusetts bar. In 1940 he received a master's degree from Harvard and in 1944 he was awarded a PhD at Harvard University in Classics. Finally he received his Bachelor of Divinity from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1945.

Archer served as an assistant pastor of Park Street Church in Boston from 1945 to 1948. He then became a Professor of Biblical Languages at Fuller Theological Seminary in Pasadena, California from 1948 to 1965. From 1965 to 1986 he served as a Professor of Old Testament and Semitics at Trinity Evangelical Divinity School, Deerfield, Illinois. He became an emeritus faculty member in 1989. The remainder of his life was spent researching, writing, and lecturing.

Archer served as one of the 50 original translators of the NASB published in 1971. He also worked on the team which translated the NIV Bible published in 1978. His defense of the doctrine of Biblical inerrancy by proposing harmonizations and exegesis regarding inconsistencies in the Bible made Archer a well known biblical inerrantist. He stated: "One cannot allow for error in history-science without also ending up with error in doctrine." He was critical of the documentary hypothesis which denies the Mosaic authorship of the Pentateuch. Archer also maintained that the prophet Isaiah wrote the entire book of Isaiah; he wrote regarding this issue: "There is not a shred of internal evidence to support the theory of a Second Isaiah, apart from a philosophical prejudice against the possibility of predictive prophecy."



</doc>
<doc id="2400927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2400927" title="Jessica Nordell">
Jessica Nordell

Jessica (Jess, J.D.) Nordell is an American writer.

Nordell was born in Los Angeles, California and raised in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Nordell attended MIT and received a B.A. in physics from Harvard University. She later earned a certificate in visual art from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design and an MFA in poetry from the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she was the Martha Meier Renk Distinguished Poetry Fellow.

Nordell was a staff comedy writer from 2003-2005 for A Prairie Home Companion a live radio variety show hosted by Garrison Keillor. While on staff, she co-created and produced the interview series Literary Friendships, featuring writer pairs Michael Chabon and Ayelet Waldman, Sandra Cisneros and Joy Harjo, Michael Cunningham and Marie Howe, Robert Bly and Donald Hall, and Dana Gioia and Kay Ryan. The series won a 2006 Gracie Award from American Women in Radio and Television.

Her essays have appeared in the New York Times, Slate, and Salon .

Nordell's poems have appeared in FIELD. Her essay "Another One Rides the Cometbus," an appreciation of Aaron Cometbus's Cometbus magazine, appeared in the essay collection "Before the Mortgage: Real Stories of Brazen Loves, Broken Leases, and the Perplexing Pursuit of Adulthood".

From 2006-2007, Nordell was a freelance journalist and the associate producer for Speaking of Faith with Krista Tippett.




</doc>
<doc id="2405410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2405410" title="John C. Loehlin">
John C. Loehlin

John Clinton Loehlin (born January 13, 1926) is an American behavior geneticist, computer scientist, and psychologist. Loehlin has served as president of the Behavior Genetics Association and of the Society for Multivariate Experimental Psychology. He is an ISIR lifetime achievement awardee.

He received an A.B. in English from Harvard in 1947, and a Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of California, Berkeley in 1957. He was on active service in the United States Naval Reserve in 1951-53 during the Korean War. He taught at the University of Nebraska from 1957 to 1964, taking a position at the University of Texas at Austin, where he has remained.

Formally retired, he remains active in research and publishing. His book on Latent variable models (now in its fourth edition) remains very popular. He is a keen poet. His son is the American author and scholar James Loehlin.

Loehlin's research has chiefly focused on the genetic and environmental contributions to individual differences in normal human personality traits and abilities; he has also been concerned with racial differences and with computer modeling. He has been involved in several twin family, and adoption studies, notably the Texas Adoption Project with Joseph M. Horn and Lee Willerman.

He has also written on the race and intelligence controversy. He was a Director of the American Eugenics Society from 1968 to 1974. In 1994 he was one of 52 signatories on "Mainstream Science on Intelligence", a public statement written by Linda Gottfredson, published in response to popular criticism of the conclusions presented in Richard J. Herrnstein and Charles Murray's controversial book "The Bell Curve" (1994). Among his PhD students are Eric Turkheimer.

In 1995, he took part in the American Psychological Association task force writing a consensus statement on the state of intelligence research in response to the claims being advanced amid the "Bell Curve" controversy, titled "."




</doc>
<doc id="2405481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2405481" title="Ulric Neisser">
Ulric Neisser

Ulric Gustav Neisser (December 8, 1928 – February 17, 2012) was a German-born American psychologist and member of the US National Academy of Sciences. He has been referred to as the "father of cognitive psychology". Neisser researched and wrote about perception and memory. He posited that a person's mental processes could be measured and subsequently analyzed. In 1967, Neisser published "Cognitive Psychology", which he later said was considered an attack on behaviorist psychological paradigms. "Cognitive Psychology" brought Neisser instant fame and recognition in the field of psychology. While "Cognitive Psychology" was considered unconventional, it was Neisser's "Cognition and Reality" that contained some of his most controversial ideas. A main theme in "Cognition and Reality" is Neisser's advocacy for experiments on perception occurring in natural ("ecologically valid") settings. Neisser postulated that memory is, largely, reconstructed and not a snap shot of the moment. Neisser illustrated this during one of his highly publicized studies on people's memories of the Challenger explosion. In his later career, he summed up current research on human intelligence and edited the first major scholarly monograph on the Flynn effect. A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Neisser as the 32nd most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

Ulric Gustav Neisser was born in Kiel, Germany, on December 8, 1928. Neisser's father, Hans Neisser, was a distinguished Jewish economist. In 1923 he married Neisser's mother, Charlotte ("Lotte") who was a lapsed Catholic active in women's movement in Germany and had a degree in sociology. Neisser also had an older sister, Marianne, who was born in 1924. Neisser was a chubby child tagged early on with the nickname with "Der kleine Dickie" ("little Dicky"), later reduced to "Dick". His surname originally had an "h" on the end (Ulrich), but he believed that it was too German and most of his friends could not properly pronounce it, so he eventually dropped the "h". 

Neisser's father foresaw Hitler's coming militarism and left Germany for England in 1933, followed a few months later by his family. They sailed to the United States on the ocean liner Hamburg, arriving in New York on September 15, 1933.

As he grew, Neisser sought to fit in and succeed in America. He took a particular interest in baseball, which is thought to have played an "indirect but important role in [his] psychological interests". Neisser's attraction to baseball alerted him to an idea that he would later call a "flashbulb memory".

Neisser attended Harvard University in the late 1940s graduating in 1950 with a summa cum laude in psychology. He subsequently entered the master's program at Swarthmore College. Neisser wanted to attend Swarthmore College because that was where Wolfgang Kohler, one of the founders of Gestalt psychology, was a faculty member. Neisser has said that he had always been sympathetic to underdogs, due to boyhood experiences such as being picked last for a baseball team, and that this might have drawn him to Gestalt psychology, which was an underdog school of psychology at the time.

At Swarthmore, instead of working with Wolfgang Kohler, Neisser ended up working with Kohler's less well-known colleague, Hans Wallach. Neisser also met and became friends with a new assistant professor, Henry Gleitman. who later became well known in his own right. Neisser completed his master's degree at Swarthmore in 1952. Neisser went on to obtain a doctorate in experimental psychology from Harvard's Department of Social Relations in 1956, completing a dissertation in the sub-field of psychophysics. He subsequently spent a year as an instructor at Harvard., moving on to Brandeis University, where his intellectual horizon was expanded through contact with department chair Abraham Maslow. According to Cutting, Neisser felt a "deep sympathy for the idealistic humanism" of Abraham Maslow., and Maslow had also been deeply interested in Gestalt psychology.. After a time at Emory University and the University of Pennsylvania, Neiser finally established himself at Cornell, where he spent the remainder of his academic career. 

While at Harvard Neisser became friends with Oliver Selfridge, a young computer scientist at MIT's Lincoln Laboratories. Selfridge had been an early advocate of machine intelligence. and Neisser served as a part-time consultant in Selfridge's lab. Selfridge and Neisser invented the "pandemonium model of pattern recognition, which they described in a Scientific American article in 1950." After working with Selfridge, Neisser received multiple grants for research involving thinking, which contributed ultimately to his best-known book "Cognitive Psychology".

The rapidly developing field of cognitive psychology received a major boost from the publication in 1967 of the first, and most influential, of Neisser's books: "Cognitive Psychology". However, over the next decade Neisser developed qualms about where cognitive psychology was headed. In 1976, Neisser wrote "Cognition and Reality", in which he expressed three general criticisms of the field. First, he was dissatisfied with the over-emphasis on the specialized information processing models used by cognitive psychologists to describe and explain behavior. Second, he felt that cognitive psychology had failed to address the everyday aspects and functions of human behavior. He placed blame for this failure largely on the excessive reliance on the artificial laboratory tasks that had become endemic to cognitive psychology by the mid-1970s. He felt that cognitive psychology suffered a severe disconnect between theories of behavior tested by laboratory experimentation, on the one hand, and real-world behavior, on the other, a disconnect which he called a lack of ecological validity. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, he had come to feel a great respect for the theory of direct perception and information pickup that had been proposed by the eminent perceptual psychologist J. J. Gibson and his wife, the "grande dame" of developmental psychology, Eleanor Gibson. Neisser had come to the conclusion that cognitive psychology had little hope of achieving its potential without taking careful note of the Gibsons' view that human behavior may only be understood by starting with an analysis of the information directly available to any perceiving organism.

Another milestone in Neisser's career occurred with his publication, in 1981, of "John Dean's memory: a case study", an analysis John Dean's Watergate scandal testimony. This report introduced his seminal views on memory, discussed elsewhere in this article, particularly the view that a person's memory for an event results from an active process of construction that may be influenced by a combination of events and emotional states, rather than a passive reproduction. This view has obvious implications for the reliability of such things as eye-witness testimony, and Neisser later became a board member of the False Memory Syndrome Foundation.

In 1995, he headed an American Psychological Association task force that reviewed controversial issues in the study of intelligence, in response particularly to then controversial book "The Bell Curve". The task force produced a consensus report "". In April 1996, Neisser chaired a conference at Emory University that focused on secular changes in intelligence-test scores. In 1998, he published "The Rising Curve: Long-Term Gains in IQ and Related Measures".

Neisser was both a Guggenheim and Sloan Fellow.

Neisser was an early exponent of one of a key conceptualizations of memory, the view, now widely accepted, that memory represents an active process of construction rather than a passive reproduction of the past. This notion arose from Neisser's analysis of the Watergate testimony of John Dean, a former advisor to Richard Nixon. The study compares Dean's memories, gleaned from his direct testimony, to recorded conversations in which Dean participated. Neisser found that Dean's memories were largely incorrect when compared to the recorded conversations. For one thing, he found that Dean's memories tended to be egocentric, selecting items that emphasized his role in ongoing events. More importantly, Dean combined into single "memories" a combination of events that actually occurred at different times. As Neisser states, "what seems to be a remembered episode actually represents a repeated series of events". Neisser suggested that such memory errors are common, reflecting the nature of memory as a process of construction. 

The concept of flashbulb memories was first described by Brown and Kulik in their 1977 paper on memories of John F. Kennedy's assassination. Thus, a very surprising striking and significant event that induces high emotional arousal may yield a vivid, accurate memory of the time, place and other circumstances ongoing at the time of learning of the event . Neisser sought to analyse this conception of memory by undertaking a study of individual's memories of the Challenger Space Shuttle explosion. Immediately following the Challenger explosion in January 1986, Neisser distributed a questionnaire to college freshmen asking them to write down key information as to where they were, who they were with, and what time it was, when the Challenger explosion occurred. Three years later, Neisser surveyed the now senior students using the same survey to examine the accuracy of their memory. Neisser found that there were notable errors in the student memories, despite the student's confidence in their accuracy. Neisser's findings challenged the idea that flashbulb memories are virtually without error.

Neisser conducted further research on flashbulb memories, aiming to clarify the manner in which memories are constructed. One study involved individuals' recollections of the 1989 California earthquake. Using subjects in California, near the quake, and others in Atlanta, far from it, Neisser examined differences in the recollections of those who actually that experienced the event and those who simply heard about it. Neisser used surveys to collect data on the emotional impact of the earthquake and on individual memories of the earthquake to study possible associations between memory and emotion. In the spring of 1991, Neisser contacted participants to compare their current accounts of the earthquake with their previous accounts. He found that, in comparison to participants in Atlanta, the California students generally had more accurate recollections of the earthquake.

Neisser died due to Parkinson's disease on February 17, 2012 in Ithaca, New York.





</doc>
<doc id="2413031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2413031" title="Gbenga Sesan">
Gbenga Sesan

'Gbenga Sesan (born 27 July 1977) is a social entrepreneur who delivers Information and communications technology to the under served. He has had a career in the application of Information and Communication Technologies for Development (ICT4D) – for individuals, institutions, nation-states, regional entities and the international community.

Sesan (born Oluwagbenga Olabisi Sesan on July 27, 1977) is the Executive Director of Paradigm Initiative.
Graduated as an Electronic and Electrical Engineer at Obafemi Awolowo University in the year 2002. Sesan completed Executive Education programs at Lagos Business School, New York Group for Technology Transfer, Oxford University, Harvard University, Stanford University, Santa Clara University and University of the Pacific.

Sesan is a former member of the United Nations Committee of eLeaders on Youth and ICT.

He is a CyberStewards Fellow, Crans Montana Forum Fellow, Archbishop Desmond Tutu Leadership Fellow, Ashoka Fellow, Our Common Future and Cordes Fellow.

Sesan served as a member of the Presidential committees on Harmonization of Information Technology, Telecommunications and Broadcasting Sectors (2006), and Roadmap for the Achievement of Accelerated Universal Broadband Infrastructure and Services Provision (2013), 

In 2016, Gbenga revealed that at the end of 2017, he would hand over his role as CEO to someone else to pursue policy.

Sesan has written five books and numerous published works.

“Wh@t’s Next? The Future of the Information Society - A Youth Perspective” was edited by Youth for Intergenerational Justice and Sustainability, and TakingITGlobal. Featuring young authors from every continent, the book describes what young people are doing with ICT, and attempts to describe the direction of the Information Society.

Sesan also contributed towards the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa's “Africa Networking: Development Information, ICTs and Governance”. He wrote the chapter titled, "African Youth in the Information Society".

In November 2005, Sesan completed editorial work on “Global Process, Local Reality: Nigerian Youth Lead Action in the Information Society”, which was presented at the World Summit on the Information Society in Tunis.

"ICTs for Development: The Challenges of Meeting the Millennium Development Goals in Africa" was published by Nigerian Communications Commission/Growing Businesses Foundation/Club of Rome in September 2006 and featured a chapter on "Telecentres in Nigeria" by Sesan.

He completed work on his first attempt at an autobiography, "In My Own Words," in 2009 and it was published by London-based Imprimata Publishers.

Some of his published works include "Digital Lifestyle of Connected Nigerians", "Echoes From Ajegunle: Stories of Transformed Lives, From Small Steps to Giant Leap", "ICTs for Development: A Social Entrepreneur’s Perspective", "Ajegunle.org: Changing Ajegunle, 25 Youths at a time" and "Social Enterprise in Africa: An Emerging Concept in an Emerging Economy"

Sesan lives in Lagos. He is married to Temilade.




</doc>
<doc id="2415427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2415427" title="Alan Seeger">
Alan Seeger

Alan Seeger (22 June 1888 – 4 July 1916) was an American war poet who fought and died in World War I during the Battle of the Somme, serving in the French Foreign Legion. Seeger was the brother of Charles Seeger, a noted American pacifist and musicologist. He is best known for the poem "I Have a Rendezvous with Death", a favorite of President John F. Kennedy. A statue representing him is on the monument in the Place des États-Unis, Paris, honoring fallen Americans who volunteered for France during the war. Seeger is sometimes called the "American Rupert Brooke."

Seeger was born on June 22, 1888, in New York City. According to Alan's nephew, folk singer Pete Seeger, the Seeger family was "enormously Christian, in the Puritan, Calvinist New England tradition", and traced their genealogy back over 200 years. A paternal ancestor, Karl Ludwig Seeger, a doctor from Württemberg, Germany, had emigrated to America during the American Revolution and married into the old New England family of Parsons in the 1780s.

Alan's father, Charles Seeger, Sr., was involved in a sugar refinery business with strong links to Mexico. In 1890, Seeger moved to Staten Island with his parents and his older brother, where his younger sister Elsie was born. His brother Charles Seeger, Jr. was a noted musicologist, and the father of the American folk singers Peter "Pete" Seeger, Mike Seeger, and Margaret "Peggy" Seeger.

For much of his early childhood, Seeger's family was well-to-do. In 1898, declining fortunes caused his father to move the family back to New York City. Due to the move, Seeger left Staten Island Academy to attend Horace Mann School in Manhattan. When he was 12, his family moved to Mexico City, again due to his father's declining business prospects.

In 1902, Seeger left Mexico City with his brother to attend Hackley School in Tarrytown, New York, after which he attended Harvard University. His Harvard class of 1910 included the poet T.S. Eliot. During Seeger's first few years at Harvard, he was primarily fixated on intellectual pursuits and did not have a significant social life. However, as an upperclassman and editor at "The Harvard Monthly", he found a group of friends that shared his aesthete sensibilities, including Walter Lippmann and John Reed. With Lippmann, he founded a Socialist club at Harvard to protest anti-labor policies at the university.

Once he had graduated from Harvard, Seeger lived with John Reed in Greenwich Village, attempting to establish a career as a poet. While in Greenwich Village, he attended soirées at the Mlles. Petitpas' boardinghouse (319 West 29th Street), where the presiding genius was the artist and sage John Butler Yeats, father of the poet William Butler Yeats. After two years, Seeger left Greenwich Village to move to Paris, where he lived in the Latin Quarter and continued to pursue a bohemian lifestyle.

Seeger was living in Paris in 1914, when war was declared between France and Germany. He quickly volunteered to fight as a member of the French Foreign Legion, stating that he was motivated by his love for France and his belief in the Allies. For Seeger, fighting for the Allies was a moral imperative; in his poem "A Message to America," he spoke out against what he saw as America's moral failure to join the war.

During the two years he fought in the French Foreign Legion, Seeger wrote regular dispatches to the "New York Sun", as well as poetry. His poems were well received and recognized in both America and Europe, with particular acclaim for his 1916 poem "Ode in Memory of the American Volunteers Fallen in France." His work was heavily influenced by the Romantic school; as the war progressed, the theme of death grew stronger in his poetry, culminating in what became his most famous poem, "I Have a Rendezvous with Death."

In the winter of 1916, he developed bronchitis and spent several months recovering before he returned to the battlefront. He was killed in action in 1916, during a French attack against the Imperial German Army at Belloy-en-Santerre, during the Battle of the Somme. His fellow French Foreign Legion soldier, Rif Baer, later described his last moments: "His tall silhouette stood out on the green of the cornfield. He was the tallest man in his section. His head erect, and pride in his eye, I saw him running forward, with bayonet fixed. Soon he disappeared and that was the last time I saw my friend." After being mortally wounded in no man's land, Seeger cheered on the passing soldiers of the Legion before he finally died from his injuries.

Seeger had previously been falsely reported dead after the Battle of Champagne in October 1915, in which he had fought. The news of his actual death was met with public mourning in both America and France. After the USA entered World War I, "Poems", a posthumously published collection of Seeger's war poetry, sold out six editions in a year. The poet Edwin Arlington Robinson, who had described Seeger as "the Hedonist" after meeting him in 1911, suggested that it might be best that he had died in the war, "for I don’t believe that he would ever have come anywhere near to fitting himself into this interesting but sometimes unfittable world."

It is assumed that Seeger was buried with other victims of the Belloy-en-Santerre battle at the French National Cemetery in Lihons. After his death, Seeger's parents donated a bell to a local church and planted trees in his honor. Both of their contributions to Belloy-en-Santerre were destroyed during World War II.

Seeger's poetry was published by Charles Scribner's Sons in December 1916 with a 46-page introduction by William Archer. "Poems", a collection of his works, was relatively unsuccessful, due, according to Eric Homberger, to its lofty idealism and language, qualities out of fashion in the early decades of the 20th century.

"Poems" was reviewed in "The Egoist", where T. S. Eliot commented,

Seeger was serious about his work and spent pains over it. The work is well done, and so much out of date as to be almost a positive quality. It is high-flown, heavily decorated and solemn, but its solemnity is thorough going, not a mere literary formality. Alan Seeger, as one who knew him can attest, lived his whole life on this plane, with impeccable poetic dignity; everything about him was in keeping.

His most famous poem, "," was published posthumously. It begins,

A recurrent theme in both his poetic works and his personal writings was his desire for his life to end gloriously at an early age. This particular poem, according to the JFK Library, "was one of John F. Kennedy's favorite poems and he often asked his wife (Jacqueline) to recite it." The poem continues to resonate today and was quoted by the President of France, Emmanuel Macron, in a speech in April 2018.

On 4 July 1923, the President of the French Council of State, Raymond Poincaré, dedicated a monument in the Place des États-Unis to the Americans who had volunteered to fight in World War I in the service of France. The monument, in the form of a bronze statue on a plinth, executed by Jean Boucher, had been financed through a public subscription.

Boucher had used a photograph of Seeger as his inspiration, and Seeger's name can be found, among those of 23 others who had fallen in the ranks of the French Foreign Legion, on the back of the plinth. Also, on either side of the base of the statue, are two excerpts from Seeger's ""Ode in Memory of the American Volunteers Fallen for France"", a poem written shortly before his death on 4 July 1916. Seeger intended that his words should be read in Paris on 30 May of that year, at an observance of the American holiday, Decoration Day (later known as Memorial Day):

They did not pursue worldly rewards; they wanted nothing more than to live without regret, brothers pledged to the honor implicit in living one's own life and dying one's own death. Hail, brothers! Goodbye to you, the exalted dead! To you, we owe two debts of gratitude forever: the glory of having died for France, and the homage due to you in our memories.

Alan Seeger Natural Area, in central Pennsylvania, was named by Colonel Henry Shoemaker. It is unknown if Seeger had any connection to the area or why Shoemaker chose to memorialize the poet.

The liberty ship SS "Alan Seeger", a tanker, was launched by the California Shipbuilding Corp 5 October 1943, during World War II. After the War was over, she was sold to a private company in 1947 and collided with the USS "Von Steuben" in 1968 (after a name change to "Sealady").
Author Chris Dickon wrote what is widely considered the definitive biography of Seeger in 2017, "A Rendezvous With Death: Alan Seeger In Poetry, At War". Dickon spoke about Seeger and his work at the American Library, Paris, shortly after the publication of his book.

On 9 November 2018, a Wall Street Journal opinion commentary by Aaron Schnoor honored the poetry of World War I, including Seeger's poem "I Have a Rendezvous With Death".




</doc>
<doc id="2415439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2415439" title="Lisa Dixon">
Lisa Dixon

Dr. Lisa Dixon is a Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Maryland, Baltimore, where her primary research interests have focused on persons with severe mental illnesses who have co-morbid medical and substance use disorders, homelessness, and other vulnerabilities as well as on services to family members. She is the director of the Division of Services Research within the Department of Psychiatry at Maryland, and joined the Veterans Affairs Capital Health Care Network as Associate Director for Research at the Mental Illness Research, Education, and Clinical Center. She was previously the Director of Education and Residency Training at Maryland.

Dixon received her Bachelor's Degree in Economics from Harvard in 1980 and her medical degree from Weill Medical College of Cornell University in 1985. After completing her residency at the Payne Whitney Psychiatric Clinic in 1989, she completed a research fellowship at the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center. She later earned a Masters in Public Health from Johns Hopkins University.

Dr. Dixon has collaborated with the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) to establish the effectiveness of NAMI's Family to Family education program. 


</doc>
<doc id="2416659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2416659" title="Sidney Carroll">
Sidney Carroll

Sidney Carroll (May 25, 1913 – November 3, 1988) was an American film and television screenwriter. Although Carroll wrote most frequently for television, he is perhaps best remembered today for writing the screenplays for "The Hustler" (1961) for which he was nominated for an Academy Award and for A Big Hand for the Little Lady (1966). He has also won Emmys for the documentaries "The Louvre" (1978) and "China and the Forbidden City" (1963). In 1957, Carroll won an Edgar Award, in the category Best Episode in a TV Series, for writing "The Fine Art of Murder", an installment of the ABC program "Omnibus". He wrote the screenplays for the 1974 Richard Chamberlain television version of "The Count of Monte Cristo" as well as the original story for the Michael Caine heist movie "Gambit". He continued to write for television until 1986.

Carroll is also remembered for a remarkable story called "None Before Me" which Ray Bradbury included in the anthology "Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow". It describes a lonely miser who becomes fascinated by a lavish dollhouse. Bradbury's book is an anthology of fantasy stories, and it is only in the last sentence that the story turns to fantasy, with rather startling results.
Carroll was married to Broadway lyricist June Carroll from 1940 until his death. He is the father of prize-winning novelist Jonathan Carroll. He graduated from Harvard University in 1934.


</doc>
<doc id="2417643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2417643" title="Eric Mervyn Lindsay">
Eric Mervyn Lindsay

Eric Mervyn Lindsay FRAS (26 January 1907 – 27 July 1974) was an Irish astronomer.

He was born at The Grange near Portadown, County Armagh in Northern Ireland to Richard and Susan Lindsay. He was educated in Dublin at the King's Hospital School, then attended Queen's University, Belfast where he earned his B.Sc. in 1928 and a M.Sc. in 1929. He later went to Harvard University and was awarded a Ph.D. in 1934.

He then went to South Africa for a post-graduate astronomy studies, and on 20 May 1935 was married to Sylvia Mussells in Cape Town. He returned to Ireland in 1937 to become director of the Armagh Observatory. He remained the director of the observatory until his death of a sudden heart attack.

He is more noted for his political influence in favour of astronomy than for important astronomical discoveries. For example, he was responsible for persuading the Irish government and Harvard University to found a telescope at Boyden Station in South Africa for the purpose of charting the southern skies. Dr. Lindsay was also instrumental in the founding of Armagh Planetarium.

Dr. Lindsay and his wife Sylvia had one son, Derek Michael Lindsay, who was born in 1944. Derek became a professor of Chemistry in New York City, and died six months before his Mother Sylvia in 1999.




</doc>
<doc id="2418749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2418749" title="Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson">
Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson

Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson (born 21 February 1939) is an Icelandic politician and diplomat.

The son of Hannibal Valdimarsson, Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson earned an MA in Economics from the University of Edinburgh in 1963. He studied at Stockholm University from 1963 to 1964, and studied to become a teacher at the University of Iceland in 1965. He attended Harvard University's Center for European Studies from 1976 to 1977.

From 1964 and until its closure in 1967, Hannibalsson was an editor of "Frjáls þjóð". He also edited "Alþýðublaðið" (1979–1982).


Jón Baldvin Hannibalsson led Iceland's delegation while Iceland participated in forming the European Economic Area.

Later he served as a diplomat in the United States and Mexico from 1998 to 2002 and to Finland, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania from 2002 to 2005. Ambassador to Ukraine from 2004 to 2006. He recognized the Baltic States' independence in 1991, as the only western foreign minister to arrive on the scene in January 1991 when Gorbachev was at the brink of a military crack down. He has published a book detailing these experiences, titled <nowiki>"</nowiki>The Baltic road to freedom - Iceland's role<nowiki>"</nowiki> in 2017.

In January 1991, after the bloodshed in Vilnius, he started the process of reestablishing diplomatic connections between Lithuania and Iceland. Thus Iceland was the first state to take a conflict with the Soviet Union to support Baltic freedom.

In recognition, the square in front of Estonian Foreign Ministry in Tallinn is named as "Iceland Square", and on the grounds of the Lithuanian Seimas (Parliament) the rocks of the last barricades from January 1991 bear the inscription "To Iceland – They Dared When Others Remained Silent".

For his role in recognizing Lithuania's independence, Jón Baldvin was awarded Commander's Grand Cross of the Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas (1996), as well as Medal of 13 January and title of honorary citizen of Vilnius. He is also a recipient of the Estonian Order of the Cross of Terra Mariana, 1st Class (1996) and the Latvian Order of the Three Stars (3rd class).

He was, purportedly, the first western foreign minister in the world to recognize Croatia as a sovereign nation in 1991.

In 2012, it was revealed that during the period 1998–2001, Jón Baldvin sent a number of sexually explicit letters to Guðrún Harðardóttir, a young niece of his wife. In one of the letters, Jón Baldvin graphically described having sex with his wife. Other letters contained sexually explicit and erotic themes. Guðrún, who was 14–17 years of age at the time, attempted to push charges against Jón Baldvin for sexual harassment in 2005, but investigations were dropped by police.

Jón Baldvin's letters were revealed to the public by Guðrún in the monthly magazine "Nýtt Líf" in February 2012, and subsequently he issued statements on his personal website. In his statements, he denied that he had sexually harassed Guðrún, but apologized for a "lapse of judgment" in initiating the correspondence with her.

In 2013, the scandal re-emerged when Jón Baldvin was invited to teach as guest lecturer at the University of Iceland. Following public objections to the hiring of him, the University of Iceland withdrew the invitation. Jón Baldvin protested the University's decision in a series of newspaper articles. After Jón aldvin threatened to sue, due to there being no legal grounds for his firing, the University agreed to pay him 500.000 ISK in compensations and publicly apologized for how they handled the matter.


</doc>
<doc id="2419491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2419491" title="George V. Allen">
George V. Allen

George Venable Allen (November 3, 1903 – July 11, 1970) was a United States diplomat. He served as ambassador to Iran during the crisis of 1946 and was involved in managing US relations amid the Cold War with the Soviet Union. He was involved in expanding activities of the Voice of America, exporting culture and increasing US participation in the UNESCO.

Born in Durham, North Carolina, son of a merchant Thomas Ellis and Harriet Moore, he attended Duke University—then known as Trinity College—graduating in 1924 and from Harvard University in 1929. He worked briefly as a high school teacher between 1924 and 1928 and as a newspaper reporter for the "Asheville Times" and "Durham Herald". He joined foreign service in 1930 working first as vice consul in Kingston, Jamaica. He served as U.S. Ambassador to Iran from 1946 to 1948. During this period he worked on preventing a Soviet Iran oil agreement and led to the Iranian prime minister Ahmad Qavam dropping communist cabinet members. He also helped build ties with Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, playing weekly tennis matches with the monarch. He served as Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs from 1948 to 1949, U.S. Ambassador to Yugoslavia from 1949 to 1953, United States Ambassador to India and Nepal 1953–1954; while in India he along with Dwight D. Eisenhower supported India's rival Pakistan with military support as a deterrent against Soviet relations with India. He then served as Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern, South Asian, and African Affairs from 1953 to 1954, U.S. Ambassador to Greece 1956–1957, and Director of the U.S. Information Agency from 1957 to 1960.

Allen was president of the Tobacco Institute from 1960 to 1966. He married Katherine Martin in 1934 and they had three children. He died at Bahama, North Carolina and was interred in Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington DC.



</doc>
<doc id="2423436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2423436" title="Roy D'Andrade">
Roy D'Andrade

Roy Goodwin D'Andrade (November 6, 1931 – October 20, 2016) was one of the founders of cognitive anthropology.

Roy D'Andrade grew up in Metuchen, New Jersey, D'Andrade matriculated at Rutgers University but left to fulfill his military service. He completed his undergraduate studies at the University of Connecticut. He then studied in the Department of Social Relations at Harvard, from which he received his PhD in Social Anthropology. He taught at Stanford University from 1962-1969. He then moved to the University of California, San Diego, where he was professor of Anthropology until 2003 and served as department chair for three separate terms. He also taught in the Anthropology department at the University of Connecticut. He died of complications of cancer on October 20, 2016.

His research interests ranged widely, including African-American family structure, personality, color perception, and mathematical models for reconstructing mitochondrial lineages. A unifying theme in much of his work, however, is the problem of identifying and describing cultural models (also known as folk models, or the often implicit, culturally shared ways that people assume the world works); in recent years he was particularly concerned with conceptualizing cultural through schema theory.

One problem that D'Andrade addressed was the challenge of conceptualizing how people reason in their culturally situated worlds. In one set of studies, individuals may do very poorly on abstract tests of formal logic or mathematics, but are quite capable of reasoning accurately and quickly about real-world situations with which they are familiar, and which under formal logic are ostensibly the same task. As Gardner summarizes the work of D'Andrade and his colleagues: "we can better understand the logical reasoning of humans not by imputing to them any formal logical calculus but by attending to two factors. The first has to do with content: the greater the familiarity and the richer the relevant schemata which are available, the more readily can one solve a problem. The second attribute has to do with form: one succeeds on problems to the extent that one can construct mental models that represent the relevant information in an appropriate fashion and these those mental models flexibly."

Within American anthropology in the 1990s, D'Andrade was known for expressing reservations about mixing moral and scientific aims: "our moral models about the anthropologist's responsibilities should be kept separate from our models about the world...Otherwise the result will be very bad science and very confused morality." 

D'Andrade was recognized in many ways for his contributions to anthropology and to cognitive science. He was named to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences in 1998. In 2002, he was awarded the NAS Award for Scientific Reviewing from the National Academy of Sciences, and in 2005 he received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Society for Psychological Anthropology.





</doc>
<doc id="2424869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2424869" title="Tim Asch">
Tim Asch

Timothy Asch (July 16, 1932 – October 3, 1994) was a noted anthropologist, photographer, and ethnographic filmmaker. Along with John Marshall and Robert Gardner, Asch played an important role in the development of visual anthropology. He is particularly known for his film "The Ax Fight" and his role with the USC Center for Visual Anthropology.

Asch was born in Southampton, New York and attended The Putney School. He studied at Columbia University, where he received his B.S. in anthropology in 1959. While at Columbia, he served as a teaching assistant for Margaret Mead, who encouraged his work in visual anthropology. From 1950-1951, he served apprenticeships with Minor White, Edward Weston and Ansel Adams through the San Francisco Art Institute (formerly known as the California School of Fine Arts). He received his M.A. in African Studies from Boston University (with an anthropology concentration at Harvard University) in 1964.

Asch was known for his work as an ethnographic filmmaker on the Yanomami in conjunction with Napoleon Chagnon. He also worked in Indonesia with anthropologists Linda Connor, James J. Fox and E. Douglas Lewis.

In 1968, Asch and John Marshall co-founded Documentary Educational Resources (DER), a non-profit organization whose mission is to support, produce, and distribute ethnographic, non-fiction, and documentary films. Asch's film work continues to be distributed through DER.

Asch taught at New York University, Brandeis University, and Harvard University, and was a Research Fellow at the Australian National University prior to joining the University of Southern California (USC) in 1982. He became the Director of the "Center for Visual Anthropology" after the death of founder Barbara Myerhoff. During his period at USC, he was involved with the Margaret Mead Film Festival.

Asch acted as Director of the Center for Visual Anthropology up until his death from cancer on October 3, 1994. The Spring 1995 issue of "Visual Anthropology Review" (Vol. 11, No.1) was dedicated to Asch. 

Asch was a prolific filmmaker with an extensive list of more than 70 films to his credit.

Asch married Patricia Wood. Together they acted as partners with other anthropologists in Afghanistan and Indonesia to produce films widely used in education and research. They had four children. They had two daughters, Caya and Kim (who was adopted from South Korea) and sons Gregory (also known as DJ Olive) and Alexander.






</doc>
<doc id="2425026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2425026" title="Richard Jordan">
Richard Jordan

Robert Anson Jordan Jr. (July 19, 1937 – August 30, 1993) was an American stage, screen, and television actor. A long-time member of the New York Shakespeare Festival, he performed in many Off Broadway and Broadway plays. His films include "Logan's Run", "Les Misérables", "Old Boyfriends", "Raise the Titanic", "The Friends of Eddie Coyle", "The Yakuza", "Interiors", "The Bunker", "Dune", "The Secret of My Success", "Timebomb", "The Hunt for Red October", "Posse" and "Gettysburg".

Jordan was born in New York City to Robert Anson Jordan, Sr. from Boston, Massachusetts and Constance (née Hand) from New York. His maternal grandfather was Learned Hand, judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and one of the more respected jurists in the United States. In 1942, when Jordan was five years old, his parents divorced. His mother married Newbold Morris, president of the New York City Council. Mayor Fiorello H. La Guardia officiated at the ceremony held in Gracie Mansion, the first marriage performed there.

Jordan attended the Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut. Following his graduation from Harvard University in 1958, Jordan began his acting career in earnest.

He told friends that he took the stage name Richard because he wanted to avoid being confused with another actor named Robert Jordan. He was known as Bob to those friends whom he had made early in his career.

In 1961, he appeared on Broadway with Art Carney and Elizabeth Ashley in "Take Her, She's Mine". He also began working in television productions, appearing in episodes of "The Defenders", "Naked City", Ben Casey, 1963 TV series; "Empire" and "The Wide Country". He performed with Joseph Papp's Public Theater in productions of Shakespeare's plays, such as "The Tempest", "The Merchant of Venice" and "As You Like It". In 1966, Jordan returned to Broadway, appearing in "Generation" with Henry Fonda.

Beginning in 1970, Jordan turned from television to feature film work. He co-starred in "Lawman" (1971) and "Valdez Is Coming" (1971) with Burt Lancaster, and appeared opposite Robert Mitchum twice: in "The Friends of Eddie Coyle" (1973), as the informant-Coyle's handler, a pragmatic U.S. Treasury agent; and in "The Yakuza" (1975) as the bodyguard of Mitchum's friend, George Tanner. He played a host of villains and mixed good guy-villains in films such as the western "Rooster Cogburn" (1975), sci-fi adventure "Logan's Run" (1976), and the Woody Allen-directed drama "Interiors" (1978). There was also the occasional "good guy" as in "Old Boyfriends" (1979), in which he played the father of his own daughter, Nina.

Jordan also continued on the stage, joining Ralph Waite in the L.A. Actors' Theatre. He wrote, directed and performed in plays such as "Venus of Menschen Falls" (1978). In 1976, he starred as Joseph Armagh, an Irish immigrant who fights his way to power and wealth but loses his soul along the way, in the television miniseries "Captains and the Kings". Jordan earned a Golden Globe award, and an Emmy nomination for the production. In the 1980s, Jordan performed in films including "Raise the Titanic" (1980), "Flash of Green" (1984), "Dune" (1984), "The Mean Season" (1985) and "The Secret of My Success" (1987). He co-starred in an acclaimed television production of "The Bunker" (1981), playing Albert Speer to Anthony Hopkins's Adolf Hitler. In 10 episodes of the television series "The Equalizer" (1987–1988), he helped fill in while the star Edward Woodward recovered from a heart attack. On stage, he won an Obie award for his appearance in New York in the Czech playwright Václav Havel's "A Private View" (1983) and an L.A. Drama Critics' Award for directing "Largo Desolato" (1987), another Havel play. In "Romero" (1989), Jordan played Romero's friend, Father Rutilio Grande.

In 1990, Jordan directed a production of "Macbeth" in New York City. He played U.S. National Security Advisor Jeffrey Pelt in "The Hunt for Red October". He starred in a television production of "Three Hotels" (1991) and the 1991 "Deadline" episode of "Tales from the Crypt". In "Posse" (1993), Jordan portrays Bates, a racist sheriff with his own plans for land on which the Negro town of Freemanville stands. 
Jordan's last film to be released was "Gettysburg" (1993), filmed during the summer of 1992. He portrayed Brig. Gen. Lewis "Lo" Armistead, who was one of the Confederate officers in the doomed Pickett's Charge at the battle of Gettysburg. Producer-director Ronald F. Maxwell dedicated the film to Jordan and to author Michael Shaara, whose novel "The Killer Angels" was adapted for the film.

Jordan's daughter Nina Jordan was born in 1964 during his 1964–1972 marriage to actress Kathleen Widdoes. His son Robert Anson Jordan III was born in 1982 during his nine-year relationship with actress Blair Brown. At the time of his death, Jordan was in a relationship with actress Marcia Cross.

By 1993, his health began to fail and he was diagnosed with brain cancer. He was filming "The Fugitive" in April 1993 when his illness forced him to withdraw. He died on August 30, 1993, cared for by his daughter Nina and his companion, Marcia Cross.

A memorial in Jordan's honor was held at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles on October 8, 1993, the day "Gettysburg" was released.


</doc>
<doc id="2430755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2430755" title="Aggrey Awori">
Aggrey Awori

Aggrey Siryoyi Awori (born 23 February 1939) is a Ugandan economist and politician who was Minister for Information and Communications Technology in the Cabinet of Uganda from 16 February 2009 to 27 May 2011.

Prior to that, he represented Samia-Bugwe North, Busia District in the Ugandan Parliament from 2001 until 2006. Awori was an outspoken opposition member of parliament for the Uganda People's Congress (UPC) political party. In 2007, he abandoned the UPC and joined the ruling National Resistance Movement.

Awori was born on 23 February 1939, in Budimo Village, Busia District, near the Ugandan/Kenyan border as the tenth of seventeen children. His parents were Canon Jeremiah Musungu Awori, a pioneer African priest of the Anglican Church in East Africa and Mrs. Mariamu Odongo Awori, a nurse and community teacher. Aggrey's siblings include the ninth Kenyan vice-president Arthur Moody Awori and Mary Okelo, the first woman in East Africa to head a Barclays Bank branch and the founder of Kenya's women only bank; the Kenya Women Finance Trust. Mary is also the founder of Makini Schools, a leading school chain in East Africa. He owns an urban home in Busia Municipality and a country home in neighboring Bugiri District.

He attended Nabumali High School in Mbale District and King's College Budo, in Wakiso District, both in Uganda. While at Kings College Budo (1959 to 1961), Aggrey was selected among a few others for elite military officers training at Sandhurst Military College in the United Kingdom. His father Canon Awori, however, rejected the idea of his talented son joining the military. From 1961 to 1965, he studied at Harvard University on a scholarship. The first year he took nuclear physics, but then switched over to political economics.

While at Harvard, Aggrey became the first person in heptagonal track history to win three events - the long jump, high hurdles, and 60-yard dash, tying the heps record in the hurdles and setting the mark in the dash. He also ran on the victorious mile relay team that tied the heptagonal record. By the time he graduated from Harvard, Awori held three outdoor and five indoor school records. He also represented Uganda in the 110 metres hurdles at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics, but failed to win any medals.

Awori has a Master of Arts in economics from Syracuse University in the U.S.

In 1967, Awori was appointed the first local director of Uganda Television (UTV). In 1971 Awori was jailed for two months after Idi Amin's coup, because during Amin's first coup attempt he didn't broadcast a speech Amin gave, lying to him by saying that they were live on air. He went into political exile in Kenya, where he taught at the University of Nairobi until 1976 and then traveled around Africa visiting Tanzania, Liberia and Senegal and returning to Nairobi in 1979.

After Idi Amin was overthrown in 1979, Awori returned to Uganda. He ran for a seat in the National Assembly of Uganda, but lost. He then became Ambassador to the United States, until being transferred by Tito Okello Lutwa in 1985. He served as Uganda's Ambassador to Belgium from 1985 until 1987, when he was dropped by Yoweri Museveni.

After a brief asylum in Nairobi, Awori started to build up a rebel group operating from eastern Uganda. He stated that his reason for doing so was mainly anger at Museveni's National Resistance Army, which had confiscated his property. In 1992, he dissolved his rebel group, which had consisted mainly of young fighters. In 1993, Awori met with Museveni in New York and then was elected to the Constituent Assembly to make the Constitution and as a member of parliament.

He came third in the 2001 presidential elections, polling 1.41% of the vote.

He represented Samia-Bugwe North, Busia District in the Ugandan Parliament from 2001 until 2006. Awori was an outspoken opposition member of parliament for the Uganda People's Congress (UPC) political party. In 2007, he abandoned the UPC and joined the ruling National Resistance Movement political party.

He was the Minister for Information & Communications Technology in the Cabinet of Uganda from 16 February 2009 to 27 May 2011. In the cabinet reshuffle of 27 May 2011, he was dropped from the cabinet and replaced by Ruhakana Rugunda. On account of his cabinet post, he was an "ex officio" Member of the Ugandan Parliament (MP).

He is married to Thelma Awori, who worked as Director for Africa at the United Nations Development Programme. Together they are the parents of six adult children.



</doc>
<doc id="2431105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2431105" title="Jacob Slichter">
Jacob Slichter

Jacob Slichter (born Jacob Huber Slichter, April 5, 1961) is an American musician.

Slichter, the son of physicist Charles Slichter, was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He graduated from Harvard with a degree in African American studies and history. He is the drummer for the Minneapolis based rock band, Semisonic.

Slichter, in 2004, wrote "So You Wanna Be a Rock & Roll Star" (), a book that details his experiences as a member of Semisonic and their journey through the recording industry.



</doc>
<doc id="2431477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2431477" title="Stephen D. Krasner">
Stephen D. Krasner

Stephen David Krasner (born 15 February 1942, New York) is an international relations professor at Stanford University and is a former Director of Policy Planning at the United States Department of State, a position he held from 2005 until April 2007 while on leave from Stanford. He is a senior fellow at Stanford's Hoover Institution.

Krasner received his bachelor's degree from the Department of History at Cornell University in 1963, where he was a member of the Quill and Dagger society. He then earned his master's degree from Columbia University, and his PhD from Harvard University. Krasner is the author of six books and over ninety articles. He has taught courses on international relations, international political economy, international relations theory, policy making, and state-building at Stanford University. He received a dean’s award for excellence in teaching in 1991.

One of his most famous accomplishments in the realm of political science was defining "international regimes" as, "implicit or explicit principles, norms, rules and decision-making procedures around which actors’ expectations converge in a given area of international relations", in a special issue of the journal "International Organization" in 1982. He has also written extensively about statehood and sovereignty.

Stephen Krasner is what political scientists define as a neorealist. He writes about the United States as being threatened by weakened nations in the increasingly interconnected international system in his article, "Addressing State Failure" (2005). Krasner believes in conflict prevention, in which he believes the United States and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) should make it clear that stabilizing weak states in the world is high on the policy agenda. Krasner lays out three steps to what he believes are the main goals in managing weak post-conflict states successfully, for example the United States rebuilding of Iraq).

Krasner also argues that bureaucratic procedures and bureaucratic politics are not what shape American foreign policy. Instead, he states that the undisputed power of the U.S. President is what ultimately leads to the foreign policy decisions "Are Bureaucracies Important?" (1972). He also states that bureaucratic politics are dangerous and misleading, “because it undermines the assumptions of democratic politics by relieving high-ranking officials of responsibility” (1972). Bureaucratic theorists see the collective decisions of smaller actors in the bureaucratic procedure as what influences the foreign policy, not the decisions of the high-ranking executive officials. But Krasner argues that it is a dangerous theory because it gives leaders excuses for their foreign policy failures, and it gives the public a skewed view of the ultimate power that the President possesses. He defines states political objectives as a direct reflection of the President’s national interest goals and beliefs of what he thinks society should be.

Stephen Krasner was made famous in the political science world for his extensive contributions on the topic of state sovereignty, in his influential book, "Sovereignty: Organized Hypocrisy" (1999), in which he defines state sovereignty as clearly drawn out rules in the international system. In international law, the rule is that a state has the exclusive right to have control over an area of governance, people, and that a state has a legitimate exercise of power and the interpretation of international law. Krasner, however, focuses on the rules of sovereignty continually being broken and specifies four conceptions of sovereignty in international relations:


Krasner also describes the four situations in which the international community deems normal rules of sovereignty invalid and subject to outside intervention:





</doc>
<doc id="2436907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2436907" title="Peter Kenen">
Peter Kenen

Peter Bain Kenen (November 30, 1932 – December 17, 2012) was a senior fellow in international economics at the Council on Foreign Relations and Walker Professor of Economics and International Finance at Princeton University.

Kenen was born in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1932, and attended The Bronx High School of Science. He earned his B.A. from Columbia University in 1954 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1958. He taught at Columbia from 1957 to 1971, where he served as chairman of the Department of Economics and was named as provost of the university. While at Columbia, Kenen was a resident of Teaneck, New Jersey. He studied at the London School of Economics in 1957.

He was director of the International Finance Section at Princeton from 1971 to 1999. He is best known for his work on the theory of optimum currency areas, in which he argued that groups of countries with diversified domestic production are more likely to constitute optimum currency areas than groups whose members are highly specialized. He was one of the first to advocate floating exchange rates for small countries.

Kenen’s publications include "British Monetary Policy and the Balance of Payments", which won the David A. Wells Prize at Harvard; "Asset Markets, Exchange Rates and Economic Integration" (with Polly Allen); "The Theory of Optimum Currency Areas: An Eclectic View"; "Managing Exchange Rates"; "Economic and Monetary Union in Europe"; "The International Financial Architecture"; and "International Economic and Financial Cooperation" (with Jeffrey Shafer, Nigel Wicks, and Charles Wyplosz). Recent publications include "Regional Monetary Integration" (with Ellen E. Meade), published in 2008 (Cambridge). He edited several books, including "Managing the World Economy" and "Understanding Interdependence", and was co editor of the two volume "Handbook of International Economics". He published numerous articles in scholarly journals, many of which have been reprinted in two volumes: "Essays in International Economics" and "Exchange Rates and the Monetary System". In 1971, he co-authored the book "International Economics" with .

Kenen was a consultant to the Council of Economic Advisers, the Office of Management and Budget, the Federal Reserve, the International Monetary Fund, and the United States Department of the Treasury. He was a member of President Kennedy's Task Force on Foreign Economic Policy, the Review Committee on Balance of Payments Statistics, the Economic Advisory Panel of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Council on Foreign Relations, and the Group of Thirty. He was president of the Eastern Economic Association in 2000-01.

He held research fellowships from the Ford Foundation, the Social Science Research Council, and the German Marshall Fund, and he was a fellow of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, a Guggenheim Fellow, and Ford Research Professor at the University of California. In 1983-84, he was a professorial fellow at the Australian National University; in 1987-88, he was a visiting fellow at the Royal Institute of International Affairs; in 1991-92, he held the Houblon-Norman Fellowship at the Bank of England; and in 2002, he was professorial fellow at the Victoria University of Wellington and the Reserve Bank of New Zealand.

Kenen died on December 17, 2012, after a battle with emphysema. He was 80 years old.



</doc>
<doc id="2445726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2445726" title="William Watson Goodwin">
William Watson Goodwin

William Watson Goodwin (May 9, 1831 – June 15, 1912) was an American classical scholar, for many years Eliot professor of Greek at Harvard University.

He was born in Concord, Massachusetts, the son of Hersey Bradford Goodwin and Lucrettia Watson.

He graduated at Harvard in 1851, studied at Bonn, Berlin, and Göttingen, receiving a Ph.D. from the latter institution in 1855. He was tutor in Greek at Harvard in 1856-1860, and Eliot professor of Greek there from 1860 until his resignation in 1901. He became an overseer of Harvard in 1903.

In 1882–1883 Goodwin was the first director of the American School for Classical Studies at Athens. He was president of the American Philological Association in 1872 and again in 1885. He was also a member of the Imperial Archaeological Institute of Germany, of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and of the Massachusetts Historical Society, and was a knight of the Greek Order of the Saviour. He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1893.

Goodwin edited the "Panegyricus" of Isocrates (1864) and Demosthenes' "On The Crown" (1901); and assisted in preparing the seventh edition of Liddell and Scott's "Greek-English Lexicon". He revised an English version by several writers of Plutarch's "Morals" (5 vols, 1871; 6th ed., 1889), and published the Greek text with literal English version of Aeschylus' "Agamemnon" (1906) for the Harvard production of that play in June 1906.

As a teacher he did much to raise the tone of classical reading from that of a mechanical exercise to literary study. But his most important work was his "Syntax of the Moods and Tenses of the Greek Verb" (1860), of which the seventh revised edition appeared in 1877 and another (enlarged) in 1890. This was "based in part on Madvig and Krüger," but, besides making accessible to American students the works of these continental grammarians, it presented original matter, including a "radical innovation in the classification of conditional sentences," notably the "distinction between particular and general suppositions."

Goodwin's "Greek Grammar" (elementary edition, 1870;.enlarged 1879; revised and enlarged 1892) gradually superseded in most American schools the "Grammar" of Hadley and Allen. Both the "Moods and Tenses" and the "Grammar" in later editions are largely dependent on the theories of Gildersleeve for additions and changes.

Goodwin also wrote a few elaborate syntactical studies, to be found in "Harvard Studies in Classical Philology", the twelfth volume of which was dedicated to him upon the completion of fifty years as an alumnus of Harvard and forty-one years as Eliot professor.




</doc>
<doc id="2447693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2447693" title="John Bozman Kerr">
John Bozman Kerr

John Bozman Kerr (March 5, 1809 – January 27, 1878) was a U.S. Congressman, representing the sixth district of the state of Maryland from 1849 until 1851.

Kerr was born in Easton, Maryland, and attended the common schools and Easton Academy. He graduated from Harvard University in 1830, studied law further, and was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Easton in 1833. He served as a member of the State house of delegates from 1836 until 1838, and later as deputy attorney general for Talbot County from 1845 until 1848.

Kerr was elected as a Whig to the Thirty-first Congress, serving from March 4, 1849 until March 3, 1851, and was not a candidate for renomination in 1850. He was appointed by President Millard Fillmore Chargé d'Affaires to Nicaragua on March 7, 1851, and served until July 27, 1853. Kerr resumed the practice of law in Baltimore and St. Michaels, Maryland in 1854.

Kerr was appointed one of the solicitors in the Court of Claims in Washington, D.C., and served from February 8, 1864 to June 25, 1868 when the position was abolished. He served as solicitor in the office of the Sixth Auditor of the Treasury Department from November 6, 1869, until his death in Washington, D.C..

From the journal of his daughter, Henrietta Maria Kerr:

Papa was born March 1809, and graduated at Harvard University in 1830. Among his classmates were Oliver Wendell Holmes, "the Poet of the North"; Hon. Charles T. Sumner, and John O. Sargent. On leaving college in 1834 he took a trip to the West Indies and Cuba, and a few years later settled in Easton to practice law. In 1850 he was elected to Congress. The following year he was sent as minister to Central America and remained there nearly three years. On his return from South America Papa settled at St. Michaels, until 1869, when he was appointed a solicitor in the Court of Claims at Washington and removed us all to this city.

Our noble, good, kind Father was taken from us very suddenly. On Sunday January 27, 1878, after a few hours illness of Angina Pectoris, he fell asleep, and entered into eternal rest. I never can forget that gray cold Sunday Morning, and the terrible feeling at my heart when I heard the Church bells ring out through the Sabbath stillness, and realized at last that he would never go to Church with us again-a thing he had never missed. He rests in the old family burial ground at Belleville, beside his loved parents and son.-In nature, I think Papa was more nearly perfect than anyone I ever knew. A good loving husband and the sweetest kindest Father, always ready and anxious to entertain and instruct his children, no matter how deeply engaged he might be. He was a scholar and a Christian gentleman, in every sense of that grand old word, and although the latter days of his life were full of cares and troubles, his sunny, kindly nature never changed; even in acute physical pain, he never failed in his loving tender care for us all.



</doc>
<doc id="2454220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2454220" title="Suicide of Sinedu Tadesse">
Suicide of Sinedu Tadesse

Sinedu Tadesse (September 25, 1975 – May 28, 1995) was a junior at Harvard College who stabbed her roommate, Trang Phuong Ho, to death, then committed suicide. The incident may have resulted in a variety of changes to the administration of living conditions at Harvard. Tadesse is buried at the Ethiopian Orthodox Cemetery, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.

Tadesse had grown up in a relatively well-off family in Ethiopia. However, this period in Ethiopia's history was turbulent. Her father had been jailed for two years when Tadesse was aged about seven. She was ostracized by other students as well as her own family members during her childhood years in Ethiopia. Tadesse then devoted herself to her studies, gaining admission to the prestigious International Community School, where she graduated as valedictorian and was admitted to Harvard.

At Harvard, Tadesse maintained a B average grade—too low for admittance to Harvard Medical School, but likely high enough to get into other good medical schools. She made no friends, remaining distant even from relatives she had in the area. Tadesse sent a form letter to dozens of strangers that she picked from the phone book, describing her unhappiness and pleading with them to be her friend. One woman responded to the letter but became alarmed by the bizarre writings and recordings Tadesse sent her in return; she had no further contact with Tadesse. Another woman found the letter obnoxious and sent it to a friend who worked at Harvard to review.

After her freshman year, her roommate told her she was going to room with someone else. For her second and third years, Tadesse roomed with Trang Ho, a Vietnamese student who was well liked and doing well at Harvard, and Tadesse was obsessively fond of her. Tadesse was very needy in her demands for attention and became angry when Ho began to distance herself in their junior year. Tadesse apparently reacted with despair when Ho announced her decision to room with another group of girls their senior year, and the two women stopped speaking.

Tadesse purchased two knives and rope, and the week before she killed Ho she sent a photograph of herself with an anonymous note to "The Harvard Crimson", saying "Keep this picture. There will soon be a very juicy story involving this woman." She took one final exam, but got medical exemptions for two others, and had a brunch date with a fellow Ethiopian student, who later said he realized she was saying goodbye to him.

On May 28, 1995, Tadesse stabbed her roommate Ho 45 times with a hunting knife, killing her. Tadesse also attacked one of Ho's visiting friends, a 26-year-old named Thao Nguyen, severely injuring her as well. Tadesse then hanged herself in the bathroom.

It was speculated on campus and in the press that Tadesse had resorted to violence because Ho had asked not to room with her again in the fall. Members of Tadesse's family countered that she was the one who opted out of rooming with Ho, as she was often alone in the dormitory because Ho often stayed with her family in nearby Medford, Massachusetts.

Trang Ho's family thought Harvard could have prevented her death. In 1998, they filed suit against the school, alleging "wrongful death, conscious pain and suffering and emotional distress," and charging the university, as well as various people in charge at Dunster House, with negligence. They felt that the university had plenty of evidence that Tadesse was losing her mind and becoming fixated on violent vengeance, and that the university could have prevented the deaths.

There was debate over whether the school should establish a scholarship in the names of both girls or only in Ho's. The Trang Ho Public Service Fellowship was established to pay for a student to perform charitable work during the summer after junior year.

In 1997, Melanie Thernstrom, who had graduated from Harvard in 1987 and taught creative writing there, published a nonfiction book about the case and its aftermath, "Halfway Heaven: Diary of a Harvard Murder", which was sharply critical of how Harvard handled the crime. She also detailed several instances of Harvard students with mental health issues having their situations exacerbated by unsympathetic university officials and ineffective advisors.

Thernstrom traveled to Tadesse's home in Ethiopia and gained access to her diaries, which revealed her deteriorating mental health, her obsessive fantasizing about an ideal friend, and her attempts to find effective psychiatric care.


</doc>
<doc id="2454238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2454238" title="Dan Schneider (TV producer)">
Dan Schneider (TV producer)

Dan Schneider (born January 14, 1966) is an American actor, television writer, and producer. After appearing in mostly supporting roles in a number of 1980s and 1990s films and TV shows, Schneider devoted himself to behind-the-scenes work in production. He is the co-president of television production company Schneider's Bakery and made "What I Like About You" for The WB and "All That", "The Amanda Show", "Drake & Josh", "Zoey 101", "iCarly", "Victorious", "Sam & Cat", "Henry Danger", "Game Shakers", and "The Adventures of Kid Danger" for Nickelodeon. On March 26, 2018, Nickelodeon announced that it had parted ways with Schneider.

Schneider was born and raised in Memphis, Tennessee, to Harry and Carol Schneider. He attended Harvard University for one semester. Upon returning to Memphis, he found work repairing computers. Soon after, he moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in the entertainment industry.

In the 1980s, Schneider appeared in several films including "Making the Grade", "Better Off Dead", "The Big Picture", "Happy Together" and "Hot Resort" (1985).

In 1986, Schneider played Dennis Blunden on the ABC television sitcom "Head of the Class". The series ran for five seasons from 1986 to 1991. In 1993, Schneider starred in the series "Home Free", and in 1994, he played Shawn Eckhardt in "Tonya & Nancy: The Inside Story", one of two made-for-television films about the Tonya Harding-Nancy Kerrigan scandal.

Schneider has made cameo appearances in TV series that he has helped to create/produce: In "All That" (and its subsequent film "Good Burger"), "Kenan & Kel", "The Amanda Show", "Zoey 101", "iCarly", and "Henry Danger". Schneider also does voiceovers in many projects.

In 1988, Schneider co-hosted the second annual Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, where he met Albie Hecht, a development executive for Nickelodeon. In 1993, Hecht, now head of production for the network, hired Schneider to work on a new sketch-comedy show for children called "All That". After writing the pilot episode, Schneider worked as producer, executive producer, and writer on the show. Schneider quit "All That" after the first four seasons to run "The Amanda Show". The show's ratings soon declined, and it was cancelled in the 2000–2001 season. Nickelodeon then asked Schneider to come back and revamp "All That" in 2001. Schneider agreed, and "All That" returned to Nickelodeon in 2002. It ran for another four seasons until 2005, bringing "All That" to the end of its 10-season run.

From 1996 to 1997, Schneider was an executive producer and a writer for "Kenan & Kel". Schneider guest-starred in an episode and was an executive producer during the first two seasons. He continued working as a consultant for the remainder of the series. In 1998, Schneider began his career as a show creator with "Guys Like Us". The series is one of only two series Schneider created that was produced for broadcast network television. The show was cancelled after its first season due to low ratings and poor reviews.

The next two shows created by Schneider starred Amanda Bynes, who had worked with Schneider on "All That". "The Amanda Show" ran from 1999 until 2002 on Nickelodeon and was a spin-off from "All That". Schneider himself often appeared on "The Amanda Show" as a frustrated old man who was frequently the victim of strange prank phone calls. Schneider co-created "What I Like About You" with former "Friends" writer/producer Wil Calhoun. It premiered in 2002 on The WB and ran until 2006. Schneider was an executive producer during the show's first two seasons.

Schneider returned to Nickelodeon in 2004 with the show "Drake & Josh". The series starred Drake Bell and Josh Peck, who were actors on "The Amanda Show", and Miranda Cosgrove, who would later star in another of Schneider's shows, "iCarly". Overlapping both "Drake & Josh" and "iCarly", Schneider created the show "Zoey 101", which starred Jamie Lynn Spears. "Zoey 101" was Schneider's first and to date only single-camera format program and the first to be presented in a letterbox format. Schneider also guest-starred in the "Zoey 101" series finale "Chasing Zoey", playing a cab driver. After the show was cancelled in 2008, Schneider began working on a new project for one of the actresses, Victoria Justice. That show, "Victorious", premiered in 2010 after the 2010 Kids' Choice Awards. A dual-show spin-off of both "iCarly" and "Victorious" called "Sam & Cat" premiered in 2013. It was cancelled after 36 episodes.

Following the cancellation of "Sam & Cat", Schneider co-created "Henry Danger" with Dana Olsen. The show premiered in 2014. The following year, Schneider created "Game Shakers", which reunited him with actor and Nickelodeon veteran Kel Mitchell. Schneider also serves as executive producer.

Jacques Steinberg of the "New York Times" said that Schneider "has become the Norman Lear of children's television."

On March 26, 2018, Nickelodeon announced that it would not be extending its production deal with Schneider and Schneider's Bakery. In addition, the network also announced that Schneider's comedy "Game Shakers" would not be renewed for a fourth season. Schneider's remaining Nickelodeon comedy "Henry Danger" will be receiving a fifth season. "Deadline", the first to report about Nickelodeon parting ways with Schneider, also reported that there were complaints about Schneider's alleged behavior, including his alleged "well-documented temper issues for years" and his tweets showing photos of his young actresses' feet. Nickelodeon did not respond to Deadline's report and Schneider's representative refused to comment on the report. A source close to Schneider strongly denied that Schneider was inappropriate with his actresses, but did say that Schneider had temper problems and also said that Schneider "could be an asshole." An anonymous source claimed Schneider was a victim of false online rumors and that his exit from Nickelodeon comes from a change of management on Nickelodeon, a disagreement over the end of "Game Shakers" and an argument over studio space.

Schneider has also been involved in films. He wrote the film "Good Burger", which starred Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell (and featured Schneider himself in a supporting role as Mr. Baily, the owner and manager of Good Burger). "Good Burger" was spun off from a popular comedy sketch which Schneider produced on his Nickelodeon television show "All That".

Schneider also wrote and co-produced the film "Big Fat Liar" which starred Frankie Muniz, Amanda Bynes, Paul Giamatti and Donald Faison. The film earned a worldwide total of $52,461,017 at the box office.

Schneider married food blogger Lisa Lillien in 2002. The two met at Nickelodeon in the 1990s.



</doc>
<doc id="2454847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2454847" title="William Lyon Phelps">
William Lyon Phelps

William Lyon Phelps (January 2, 1865 New Haven, Connecticut – August 21, 1943 New Haven, Connecticut) was an American author, critic and scholar. He taught the first American university course on the modern novel. He had a radio show, wrote a daily syndicated newspaper column, lectured frequently, and published numerous books and articles.

Phelps' father Sylvanus Dryden Phelps was a Baptist minister, and the family had deep ancestral roots in Massachusetts Bay Colony. William, as a child, was a friend of Frank Hubbard, the son of Langdon Hubbard, a lumber merchant who founded Huron City, Michigan. Phelps earned a B.A. and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Yale in 1887, writing an honors thesis on the "Idealism of George Berkeley". He earned his Ph.D.in 1891 from Yale and in the same year his A.M. from Harvard. He taught at Harvard for a year, and then returned to Yale where he was offered a position in the English department. He taught at Yale until his retirement in 1933.

Phelps was engaged to marry Frank's sister Annabel when Langdon Hubbard died. Annabel inherited the family estate and William christened it "The House of the Seven Gables,” after the Nathanial Hawthorne story of the same name. Her father built the house in 1882 on a bluff overlooking Lake Huron. The couple was married on the estate on December 21, 1892 and it became their summer home.

Phelps converted the space in front of the house from a trotting track into a private 18-hole golf course in 1899. and they lived there part-time from 1893 through 1933, when he retired, and full-time through 1938. They had no children.

Phelps was very athletic and played what was then the new game of baseball as well as golf and lawn tennis. He studied novelists like Leo Tolstoy and Ivan Turgenev. During his first year at Yale he offered a course in modern novels. This brought the university considerable attention nationally and internationally which upset his tenured peers at Yale. He agreed to give up the course for a while to avoid the media attention. Responding to popular demand by his students, and to avoid scrutiny, he taught the same course outside the official curriculum. Once the unfavorable attention died down, he was appointed Lampson Professor of English Literature in 1901.

Phelps' courses became the most popular and well attended on campus. He had an engaging speaking style and was personally involved with what he taught. He wrote about English and European literature. During trips to Europe he met many of the leading writers of the turn of the 19th century.

Phelps taught at Yale for 41 years before retiring in 1933. From 1941 to 1943 he was the director of the Hall of Fame for Great Americans.

Phelps could be an incandescent and inspirational orator, drawing large audiences wherever he spoke. He lectured on the famous Town Hall Lecture circuit nationwide. During the summer of 1922, the pastor of the Huron City Methodist Episcopal Church asked him to preach regularly for the season. He had previously preached there occasionally, and his afternoon services started to attract large crowds. The little church was remodeled twice in 1925 and again in 1929 to accommodate the crowds. His wife's parents made substantial contributions that made the expansions possible.

At the height of his speaking popularity, from 800-1,000 people attended his summer services. Some first-hand accounts describe overflow crowds sitting outside the packed church so they could listen through the windows. He became known throughout the world as a leading literary scholar, educator, author, book critic, and preacher.

After his retirement from Yale, he continued to present public lectures, radio talks, and write a daily newspaper column about books and authors. He continued to give a series of Sunday sermons each summer and offer a 20-week lecture course in literature during the winter. He presented several college commencement addresses each year and served as a judge of the Pulitzer Prize for literature and on book club selection committees.

During his time as a Yale professor, Phelps invited a number of the Senior Class' notable students together in 1884 and founded The Pundits. They dined weekly at Mory's, a private club adjacent to the campus. The group regularly lampooned the campus with elaborate pranks. Among the notable members of the Pundits was composer Cole Porter

Phelps encouraged Alexander Smith Cochran to dedicate the Cochran family's extensive collection of Shakespearean folios and other rare books to endow a private club for the arts and humanities. This became the Elizabethan Club which is still active as of 2013.

In 1938, Life magazine ran an article profiling Phelps' life. His wife Annabel died of a stroke in 1939 and William died in 1943. Phelps bequeathed the house to his niece Carolyn Hubbard Parcells Lucas. In 1951, a museum was opened in the home to house Phelps’ library and to focus on the history of Huron City. In 1964, the Pointe aux Barques Life Saving Station house was moved here. In 1987, Carolyn Lucas died, and the William Lyon Phelps Foundation took over the house and museum.

"Music is essentially the manly art... In the entire history of music, in all times and countries, there had never been a woman able to write first-rate music."

The professor asked his students to discuss the poet Gerard Manley Hopkins' "sprung rhythm" technique. One young man handed in his exam reading, "Only God knows the answer to your question. Merry Christmas." Professor Phelps returned the paper after Christmas with the note, "Happy New Year. God gets an A—you get an F."

His works include:



</doc>
<doc id="2459334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2459334" title="Herbert Spencer Jennings">
Herbert Spencer Jennings

Herbert Spencer Jennings (April 8, 1868 – April 14, 1947) was an American zoologist, geneticist, and eugenicist. His research helped demonstrate the link between physical and chemical stimulation and automatic responses in lower orders of animals.

He was born in Tonica, Illinois, on April 8, 1868, the son of George Nelson Jennings and his wife Olive Taft Jenks.

He studied at the University of Michigan graduating BS in 1893 then Harvard University where he gained a further AM degree in 1895 and a PhD in 1896. In 1906 he began a long and illustrious career at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore where he stayed until retirement in 1938. He married twice: firstly in 1898 to Louisa Burridge and secondly in 1939 to Lulu Plant.

He died in Santa Monica, California, on April 14, 1947. He is buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale.

Tracy Sonneborn would later write:Jennings was so struck by the continued production of hereditarily diverse clones at conjugation, even after many successive inbreedings, that he undertook to examine the matter mathematically. As a result, general formulae for the results of diverse systems of mating were published in a series of papers between 1912 and 1917; these were one of the main seeds from which the whole field of mathematical genetics developed.
In 1924, Jennings published an article in Scientific Monthly on "Heredity and Environment" which was prescient for anticipating the double helix, and provocatively liberal for its comments on racial differences and American immigration policy.

Jennings was the recipient of the inaugural 1925 Leidy Award of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia.

After complaints about the documentary titled "The Hereditarily Diseased", the Carnegie Institution of Washington appointed Jennings to review the work of Harry H. Laughlin at the Institution's Eugenics Record Office, then part of what has become the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory. Jennings found falsified data and manipulated conclusions, and Laughlin was forced out. In 1930, he published "The Biological Basis of Human Nature", discussing eugenics, genetic influence on human traits, and criticizing simplistic interpretations of heritability based on Mendelism, emphasizing gene-environment interaction & polygenicity; Sonneborn would describe the impact of "The Biological Basis of Human Nature" as widespread: "Probably no book by a geneticist has been so widely quoted by American workers in the fields of education, sociology, anthropology, and psychology. In spite of inevitable misquotation and misinterpretation, it has exercised a distinctly salutary effect on those fields and is to a large extent responsible for whatever they have assimilated in this country from modern genetics."




</doc>
<doc id="2462951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2462951" title="Ulysses S. Grant Jr.">
Ulysses S. Grant Jr.

Ulysses Simpson "Buck" Grant Jr. (July 22, 1852 – September 25, 1929) was an American attorney and entrepreneur. He was the second son of President Ulysses S. Grant.

Grant was born in Bethel, Ohio, on July 22, 1852. He graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1870, Harvard University in 1874, and Columbia Law School in 1876.

Grant served as personal secretary to his father while he was president and as Assistant United States Attorney in New York.

Grant then worked in private practice and became wealthy. He partnered in a banking and brokerage firm with Ferdinand Ward. Grant and his father each put $100,000 in the firm and asked veterans and millionaires to invest.

The Grants thought that they would share one-half of the profits from the firm, but realized that Ward was only interested in using the Grant name for his own interests. In 1884, the firm went bankrupt, and the Grants lost everything. Ward was convicted of fraud and served over 6 years in prison. Grant Sr. died the next year; Grant Jr. was never tried for his part in the fraud and served no prison time.

When Buck was back on his feet financially, he bought Merryweather Farm in Salem Center, Westchester County, New York. His wife's health was failing. Grant's mother suggested moving to California. His younger brother, Jesse Root Grant, was already living in San Diego. The Grants moved into a three-story house in San Diego in 1893.

Grant set up a law practice, then gave it up to invest in real estate. He purchased property throughout San Diego. In 1895, he bought the Horton House hotel. He wanted to run the hotel and name it after his father. In 1905, he razed the old hotel and built a new one, the U.S. Grant Hotel, in 1910. San Diego voters helped finance $700,000 for the $1.5 million needed to construct the hotel after Grant lacked the funds to do so. During his time in San Diego, Grant became a close associate of Charles T. Hinde, E.S. Babcock, and John D. Spreckels. Hinde and Grant served on the boards of directors of multiple banks and invested in many companies and business ventures together.

Grant continued to speculate in real estate. He also became a leading citizen, who pushed for the creation of a city park, that would become Balboa Park. Grant was a delegate-at-large for California at the Republican National Conventions in 1896 and 1900. He was also an elector for California in the 1904 and 1908 presidential elections (see U.S. Electoral College).

In 1880, Grant married Fannie Josephine Chaffee (1857–1909), daughter of Jerome B. Chaffee, U.S. Senator from Colorado. They had five children: Miriam (born 1881), Chaffee (born 1883), Julia (born 1885), Fannie (born 1889), and Ulysses IV (born 1893). Grant's wife died in 1909 and four years later he married a widow, America Workman Will (1878–1942). Grant and America traveled extensively. In his later years, they stayed closer to home and traveled in California.

He was a member of the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War.

Grant died at age 77 at the Sandberg Lodge on the Ridge Route north of Los Angeles while on a road trip. He was buried at Greenwood Cemetery in San Diego.



</doc>
<doc id="2463407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2463407" title="Robert S. Woodworth">
Robert S. Woodworth

Robert Sessions Woodworth (October 17, 1869 – July 4, 1962) was an American academic psychologist of the first half of the twentieth century. A graduate of Harvard and Columbia, he studied under William James along with such prominent psychologists as Leta Stetter Hollingworth, James Rowland Angell, and Edward Thorndike. His textbook "Psychology: A study of mental life", which appeared first in 1921, went through many editions and was the first introduction to psychology for generations of undergraduate students. His 1938 textbook of Experimental Psychology was scarcely less influential, especially in the 1954 second edition, written with Harold H. Schlosberg. He is known for introducing the Stimulus-Organism-Response (S-O-R) formula of behavior. A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Woodworth as the 88th most cited psychologist of the 20th century, tied with John Garcia, James J. Gibson, David Rumelhart, Louis Leon Thurstone, and Margaret Floy Washburn.

Woodworth was born in Belchertown, Massachusetts on October 17, 1869. His father was a Congregationalist minister who had graduated from Yale College and Yale Divinity School, and his mother was a teacher who had graduated from Mount Holyoke College. Since Woodworth's mother was his father's third wife, he grew up in a large family with children from each of his father's marriages. His father's approach to parenting was authoritative and strict. He attended high school in Newton, Massachusetts with the plan of becoming a minister. He received his A.B. degree from Amherst College in 1891, focusing on religion, the classics, mathematics, science, and history. During his senior year, Woodworth took a class in psychology by Charles Edward Garman, which caused him to change his future plans. Rather than becoming a minister, he taught mathematics at a high school for two years and at a college for two years in Topeka, Kansas.

Following his stint as a teacher, Woodworth attended a lecture by G. Stanley Hall, and he was enthralled by Hall's emphasis on “the importance of discovery through investigation” (p. 374). The lecture had such a profound effect on Woodworth that he hung a sign labeled “investigation” over his desk at home. He then read James's "Principles of Psychology", and he had a similar captivating experience to many other students interested in psychology of the time. He decided then to finally follow a career path in psychology.

In 1895, he returned to college as an undergraduate student at Harvard University, studying philosophy with Josiah Royce, psychology with William James, and history with George Santayana. Here at Harvard, he met Edward Lee Thorndike and Walter B. Cannon, and the three became longtime friends. While working with James, he encouraged Woodworth to keep a dream diary. The two were not able to find a significant correlation between the content of one's dreams and the day's events. However, Woodworth noted that he often dreamed about incomplete or interrupted topics and events, later emphasized by Bluma Zeigarnik with the Zeigarnik effect.

In 1896, Woodworth earned his bachelor's degree from Harvard, followed by being an assistant at the Harvard Medical School in the physiology department from 1897-1898. Here, he observed Cannon's experiments on hunger and emotions. James McKeen Cattell offered Woodworth a graduate fellowship at Columbia University, one of the two primary functionalist schools in psychology. In 1899, Woodworth earned his PhD under Cattell. His dissertation was entitled "Accuracy of voluntary movement."

Thorndike, who was now at Columbia, worked with Woodworth on the concept of transfer of training. These studies related to a significant issue of the time within education, as academics like James supported a “disciplinary subject” education under the assumption that the brain can be exercised. Many subjects like Latin were taught for their disciplinary value and not necessarily the subject matter. Woodworth and Thorndike empirically studied the benefits of a disciplinary education along with transfer of training and found no effect. However, as their contemporaries pointed out, they did not use a control group and, therefore, their studies had minimal value.
In 1902, Woodworth accepted a fellowship to work with Charles Sherrington at the University of Liverpool. Sherrington and Cattell both offered him a job afterwards, and Woodworth accepted Cattell's offer to study at Columbia, where he remained for the rest of his life.

Woodworth followed in Cattell's footsteps in psychological testing and measurement. He first was in charge of a project where he tested about 1,100 people at the 1904 St. Louis Exposition. According to Hothersall, he took a “remarkably sensible and fair-minded position on racial differences in test performance” (p. 376). Woodworth emphasized that that labeling is based on alleged differences both internal (mental function and size) and external (skin color), making it difficult to compare them empirically. The characteristics are not equally measurable, and individual differences are very important, according to Woodworth, so experiments that claim to demonstrate sharp differences in races ignore overlap within a population. Additionally, Woodworth disagreed with the norm of the time with labeling civilizations as “primitive” or “advanced” because he noted that differences on the evolutionary time scale are likely minute to produce a mental status change.

In 1906, the American Psychological Association appointed Woodworth as part of a committee to study psychometrics. With the onset of World War I, APA asked Woodworth to assist them in trying to prevent what was then known as “shell shock”. He generated the Woodworth Personal Data Sheet (WPDS), which has been called the first personality test. It was a test of emotional stability to measure a soldier's susceptibility based on existing cases of the disorder. Although the test was designed too late for it to be used operationally, the test was highly influential in the development of later personality inventories with measures of neuroticism.

Woodworth published "Psychology: A study of mental life", which appeared first in 1921, and "Experimental Psychology" in 1938, which he worked on for nearly twenty years, and they became the definitive texts for thousands of psychology students.

Additionally, Woodworth published "Contemporary Schools of Psychology" in 1932. He described the history of psychology according to a view that differing schools of psychology are complementary and not incompatible. This tolerant, open-minded view was likely a result of his unique perspective of psychology, being part of the subject for nearly the entire fifty years of its existence. He was renowned for this contribution, later being known as the dean of American Psychology.

In 1914, Woodworth was elected president of APA, and in his presidential address, he discussed the question of the existence of imageless thoughts. He spent the summer of 1912 working in Oswald Külpe’s lab studying the topic much to Titchener’s dismay. According to Titchener, imageless thoughts were not possible. Woodworth disagreed, stating that even if most thoughts have corresponding sensations and/or images, some do not.

Woodworth was strongly opposed to “epistemological tables of commandments” such as the strict and narrow approaches of Titchener and Watson, preferring a somewhat eclectic approach.

Woodworth introduced and popularized the expression Stimulus-Organism-Response (S-O-R) to describe his functionalist approach to psychology and to stress its difference from the strictly Stimulus-Response (S-R) approach of the behaviorists in his 1929 second edition of "Psychology". He later published the theory in "Dynamic psychology" (1918) and "Dynamics of Behavior" (1958).

Within his modified S-O-R formula, Woodworth noted that the stimulus elicits a different effect or response depending on the state of the organism. The “O” (for organismic) mediates the relationship between the stimulus and the response.

Woodworth advocated the creation of a technical vocabulary for psychology rather than only relying on often subjective operational definitions, but he was ignored by the community.

He conveniently ignores the fact that he held very important and influential positions, such as being chairman of the National Research Council's Division of Anthropology and Psychology, in his autobiography. He only mentions his participation, demonstrating his modesty.

In 1956, Woodworth was first recipient of the American Psychological Foundation gold medal for “Distinguished and continuous service to scholarship and research in psychology and for contributions to the growth of psychology though the medium of scientific publication” (p. 689)

A determined and persistent psychologist, Woodworth retired from Columbia at age 70, but he continued to lecture until age 89 and continued to write until age 91. Woodworth died on July 4, 1962.




</doc>
<doc id="2463476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2463476" title="Joel Cohen (musician)">
Joel Cohen (musician)

Joel Cohen (born 1942) is an American musician specializing in early music repertoires. Cohen graduated from Classical High School in Providence, Rhode Island. in 1959, and Brown University in 1963. He continued graduate education at Harvard University. From 1968 to 2008 he was the director of the Boston Camerata, a prominent American early music ensemble. He remains connected to the Boston Camerata as Music Director Emeritus. Cohen founded the Camerata Mediterranea in 1990 and incorporated it as a nonprofit research institute in France in 2007. He performs on lute and guitar and sings, but is best known as an organizer and creator of concert programs and sound recordings. He has also written extensively on musical topices. In recent years Cohen's research and performance activities have centered on early American repertoires (including Shaker song), as well as southern European repertoires of the Middle Ages. Many of his projects in this latter category involve collaboration with Middle Eastern musicians (see below).

He has collaborated very frequently with his wife, French soprano Anne Azéma, the Artistic Director (since 2008) of the Boston Camerata, and has also worked with numerous choirs, including the Schola Cantorum and student choruses at Brown, Brandeis, Harvard and other universities. His professional honors include the Signet Society Medal (Harvard University), the Howard Mayer Brown Award, the Erwin Bodky Award, the Georges Longy Award, the Grand Prix du Disque (France) and the Edison Prize (Netherlands). He was a government-appointed artist-in-residence in the Netherlands during the year 2000, and is an Officier de l'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres of the French Republic.

Cohen studied composition with Randall Thompson at Harvard University, and musicology with Gustave Reese, Nino Pirotta, John Ward, and Elliot Forbes, at that same institution. He was awarded a Danforth Fellowship and spent two years in Paris as a student of Nadia Boulanger. In the 1970s he spent two seasons as a producer of musical radio programs for the French National Radio (France Musique), where he originated the concept of an all-day musical celebration on the days of the solstice, an idea later to be adapted as a national celebration each June 21 in France. This annual event is currently known as the "Fête de la Musique" also known as "World Music Day".

Cohen's initial projects in the early music field were in the area of the French and English Renaissance. His enthusiasm for medieval and Renaissance music continues to be reflected in recent projects, including a series of commissioned programs (2001–2008) for the Gardner Museum, Boston, around Italian repertoires of the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries. His forays into baroque repertoire have been more episodic but have attracted widespread comment and attention: the first early-instruments recording of Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas"(Harmonia Mundi, 1980), and a well-received recording of Jean Gilles' "Requiem" (Erato, 1990), among others. From 1986 forward, many of his new Eurocentric projects dealt with music of the Middle Ages, including a medieval retelling of the "Tristan and Iseult" legend (Erato, Grand Prix du Disque, 1987).

Cohen's interest in American vernacular traditions dates from his childhood lessons on folk guitar, and his experience in later student years as a jazz bassist. He was introduced to southern shapenote tunebooks by his mentor at Harvard University, the composer Randall Thompson, and by Alan Lomax's field recordings of Sacred Harp sings in Alabama in 1942. Cohen later travelled to the South on several occasions to participate in Sacred Harp sings and conventions. His first program with the Boston Camerata involving extensive treatment of early American oral and written sources was "The Roots of American Music" (1976), released as an Advent cassette, and later re-recorded (1986) as "New Britain". The commercial success of this last recording, released after a lapse of several years by the French label Erato, leads Cohen and the Erato label to record a series of early American programs with the Boston Camerata, including "The American Vocalist", "Trav'ling Home", and "Liberty Tree". For the 1992 celebration of the Columbus year, the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Tanglewood Festival invite Cohen and the Camerata to prepare a program of early Hispanic repertoire from the New World. This project becomes "Nueva España", recorded by Erato and subsequently one of the Boston Camerata's most requested touring programs.

Informed by Shaker music scholar, Roger Hall, of the Shaker library at Sabbathday Lake, Maine, and its extensive musical holdings, Cohen traveled to that still-functioning religious community to do research on Shaker manuscript sources. He and his wife, soprano Anne Azéma, also began an enduring personal relationship with the members of the community, who agreed to record and perform their music in the company of the Boston Camerata and collaborating choirs. Two CDs of Shaker song (Simple Gifts and The Golden Harvest) commemorate these collaborations, which continued for several seasons from 1992 forward.

In 2004 Cohen and the Finnish choreographer Tero Saarinen created a dance piece, "Borrowed Light", using live Shaker music. This production has toured extensively in France, Germany, England, Sweden, Finland, Italy, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Australia, and the United States, most recently at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival (Becket, Ma.) in 2012 and the Palais de Chaillot (Paris) in 2014. Cohen co-directed and edited the music for "A Chair fit for an Angel" (2014) a Canadian documentary film, winner of several awards, built around Shaker and Shaker-related arts.

Cohen's interest in cross-cultural and intercultural musical encounters have led to projects exploring early African and Amerindian contributions to New World music ("Nueva España", cited above), and to several endeavors with Middle Eastern/Near Eastern artists.

As early as 1982, Joel and the Boston Camerata had developed a program called "The Sacred Bridge," exploring Jewish and Christian interactions during the Middle Ages. In 1988 Erato Disques decided to make a recording of this program. Still in demand after more than two decades, the recording has been reissued on Warner Classics.

The "Sacred Bridge" program continues to tour internationally. Since its inception it has undergone considerable development, and now includes an important Arabic/Muslim component. Recent performances have been undertaken with the U.S.- based Sharq Arabic Music Ensemble

In 1997 Joel Cohen met the eminent Moroccan musician Mohammed Briouel for the first time. Their encounter gave birth to a major production, a selection of the thirteenth century "Cantigas" of King Alfonso el Sabio with European and Moroccan musicians collaborating. The recording, made in Fez, Morocco, was signed "Camerata Mediterranea," and included the participation of the Abdelkrim Rais orchestra of Fez, directed by Mr. Briouel.

The "Cantigas" recording won the coveted Edison Prize in 2000, and has toured extensively in the United States, Morocco, Germany, the Netherlands, and France.

"A Mediterranean Christmas", with the Boston Camerata and the Sharq Ensemble, is Cohen's most recent production exploring shared roots and musical practices. Recorded in 2005 for Warner Classics, and enthusiastically greeted by the musical press, the production has also toured live in the United States and France.

In recent seasons Joel Cohen has also undertaken collaborations with Dünya, a Turkish music ensemble, and its leader, Mehmet Ali Sanlıkol. With Camerata Mediterranea, he produced a colloquium in early summer 2009 around the subject of cross-cultural Mediterranean musical interactions, in the French village of Saint-Guilhem-le-Désert.





</doc>
<doc id="2466655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2466655" title="Edward Pearson Warner">
Edward Pearson Warner

Edward Pearson Warner (November 9, 1894, Pittsburgh – July 11, 1958, Duxbury) was an American pioneer in aviation and a teacher in aeronautical engineering. Besides that he was also a writer, scientist and a Statesman, a member of the Civil Aeronautics Board at its founding in 1938, a Delegate of the United States to the 1944 Chicago Conference for the Convention on International Civil Aviation, and an international civil servant. Edward Warner's achievements are commemorated by the world's civil aviation community in the international award that bears his name.

Edward Warner grew up in Boston, Massachusetts, where he went to the Volkmann School. He studied at Harvard University in 1916 and specialized in mathematics. After graduating he went on to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), where he graduated in 1917 in mechanical engineering with additional credits in naval architecture.

At the end of World War I, he was appointed Chief Physicist of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) in charge of aerodynamic research at the station at Langley Field, which NACA had just established. From 1920 to 1926, he was an associate professor of aeronautics at MIT. Jimmy Doolittle was among his students.

From 1926 to 1929, he served as the first Assistant Secretary of the Navy (AIR).

After World War II, Edward Warner became one of the leading persons in the raising of civil aviation, realizing his dream of a world air transport system based on international co-operation, which is now known as the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). He became the first President of the Council of ICAO during its provisional status from 1945 to 1947, and continued as President until his retirement in 1957.

In 1956, ICAO received from the City of Genoa its famed Christopher Columbus Award, which included a sum of more than $7,000, for ICAO's efforts in the development of international co-operation in air transportation. The ICAO Council subsequently decided to use these funds to establish its own continuing series of awards which would commemorate Dr. Edward Warner's great spirit and service to international civil aviation and give special recognition to individuals or institutions whose contribution towards the further development of civil aviation is outstanding. This became the Edward Warner Award.




</doc>
<doc id="2467058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2467058" title="Peter McConnell">
Peter McConnell

Peter N. McConnell (born 1960), also known as Peter Mc, is an American video game composer and musician, best known for his work at LucasArts and for composing the soundtracks for every "Sly Cooper" game since the .

McConnell was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Peter studied music as an undergraduate at Harvard University in the 1980s under Timothy Vincent Clarke, Curt Cacioppo and Ivan Tcherepnin. In Harvard McConnell befriended the future LucasArts composer Michael Land, who composed many of the company's titles, and worked with him at the audio company Lexicon. While beginning his career in the Sound Department at LucasArts, Land needed someone who would both compose and implement music into his second project "" and McConnell stepped in. McConnell and Land co-invented iMUSE, LucasArts' patented interactive music system.

During his time at LucasArts, McConnell composed many soundtracks for games such as those in the Monkey Island, Indiana Jones and Star Wars series. Notable titles from this time include "Grim Fandango", scored with unique Mexican influenced jazz, klezmer and traditional film score style, and "Full Throttle", featuring rock soundtrack which McConnell scored with rock group The Gone Jackals. While composing music for these two games, McConnell worked closely with Tim Schafer, who later hired him to compose scores for the titles "Psychonauts", "Brütal Legend", and "Costume Quest" for his company Double Fine Productions.

McConnell left LucasArts in 2000, but contributed to "Escape from Monkey Island" and special edition of "". Since then, McConnell has composed scores for "Psychonauts", "", "" (about which McConnell says that he was influenced by Henry Mancini works), and "Kinectimals".

McConnell is one of the founding members of G.A.N.G., the Game Audio Network Guild . He is also known live-action music performer, playing the electric violin.

In 2013, McConnell returned to the "Sly Cooper" franchise to score the fourth game, "", which was released in February of that year. The score of the game is performed by the Nashville Music Scoring orchestra. Also, for the first time ever, McConnell's entire score was released on iTunes to accompany the release of the game.

Recently, McConnell has worked on the Double Fine titles "Broken Age" and the remastered version of "Grim Fandango", both of which include performances by the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra. He married Amy McConnell and they now have two children, Eben and Alice. McConnell has also been announced to return to score the upcoming "Psychonauts 2", set to be released in 2020.






</doc>
<doc id="2467434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2467434" title="Donald Dines Wall">
Donald Dines Wall

Donald Dines Wall (August 13, 1921 – November 28, 2000) was a mathematician working primarily on number theory. He obtained his Ph.D. on normal numbers from University of California, Berkeley in 1949, where his adviser was Derrick Henry Lehmer. His better known papers include the first modern analysis of Fibonacci sequence modulo a positive integer.

Drawing on Wall's work, Zhi-Hong Sun and his twin brother Zhi-Wei Sun proved a theorem about what are now known as the Wall–Sun–Sun primes that guided the search for counterexamples to Fermat's last theorem.

Wall was born in Kansas City, Missouri on August 13, 1921 to Donald F. Wall and Mary Wooldridge. The family lived in Louisiana and Texas as he was growing up. In 1933, they moved to Whittier, California, then in 1936 to Santa Barbara, California, where he graduated from high school in 1938. He enrolled at UCLA and joined the Delta Sigma Phi fraternity.

In April 1940 he had a successful operation to remove a brain tumor at UC Hospital in San Francisco. The surgeon was Howard C. Naffziger, who later served on the board of Regents of the University of California. He and Naffziger kept in touch for many years afterwards.

He graduated from UCLA with a B.A. in Mathematics in the spring of 1944. After graduation he took a full-time job with Douglas Aircraft but continued in graduate school at UCLA.

In 1946 he received an M.A. in mathematical statistics from UCLA. In the same year he passed the first three of eight actuarial exams.

In 1947, he moved to Hartford, Connecticut to work for the Aetna Life Insurance Company. He also taught an evening math class at Trinity College.

In the fall of 1947, he returned to graduate school at Harvard University, where he became interested in number theory. He also took a class at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

In June 1948 he returned to California to complete his Ph.D. at UC Berkeley, where he also taught classes as a teaching assistant.

In 1949 he was awarded his Ph.D. in normal numbers from UC Berkeley.

In fall of 1949 he and his family moved to Santa Barbara where he took a job as instructor in mathematics at Santa Barbara College of the University of California. He taught general astronomy as well as number theory and other math courses. After two years, he was promoted to assistant professor.

In 1950, he taught a course in computer mathematics at Naval Air Station Point Mugu, where computers were being developed for calculating missile trajectories.

From his work at Pt Mugu, he was recruited by IBM to work as an Applied Science Representative starting July 1951 in Los Angeles. In 1956, he became IBM's Education Coordinator for the west coast. He traveled to interested universities in the western US to give them details of a program developed by the UCLA Anderson School of Management about the use of computers in business.

In 1958, he moved to White Plains, New York and continued working at IBM until his retirement in 1982.



</doc>
<doc id="2467599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2467599" title="Alison Brown">
Alison Brown

Alison Brown (born August 7, 1962) is an American banjo player, guitarist, composer, and producer. She has won and has been nominated for several Grammy awards and is often compared to another banjo prodigy, Béla Fleck, for her unique style of playing. In her music, she blends jazz, bluegrass, rock, blues as well as other styles of music.

Born in Hartford, Connecticut, Brown learned to play guitar at eight and banjo at ten. When she was twelve, she met fiddler Stuart Duncan. In the summer of 1978, Brown traveled across the country with Duncan and his father, playing at festivals and contests. She won first place at the Canadian National Banjo Championship, which helped her land a one-night gig at the Grand Ole Opry.
She is married to bass player Garry West. She has a daughter, Hannah West, and a son, Brendan West.

In 1980, Brown went to Harvard University, where she studied history and literature. After graduating from Harvard, she earned an MBA from UCLA.

In 1982, while still at Harvard, Brown helped to reunite the Northern Lights band after a 5-year hiatus, she became a band member until 1984, when she moved back to California. Brown worked for two years with Smith Barney in San Francisco, and then took a break to pursue her music interests.

In 1987, Alison Krauss asked Brown to join her band, Union Station. Brown spent three years with Krauss. In 1990, she moved to Tennessee, and was named International Bluegrass Music Association Banjo Player of the Year in 1991. The 1990 album I've Got That Old Feeling, which Brown played banjo on, won a Grammy award.

In 1992, Brown became the band leader for Michelle Shocked. This experience led Brown to merge bluegrass with jazz and folk idioms, in a manner similar to those of Béla Fleck and David Grisman.

In the early 1990s, Brown and her husband, bass player Garry West, started their own record label, Small World Music. This company eventually led to the launch of Compass Records in 1995, an internationally recognized label, which has such artists as Victor Wooten, Colin Hay, Catie Curtis, Lúnasa, Martin Hayes, Jeff Coffin, Russ Barenberg, Darol Anger and others.

In 2001, in collaboration with Béla Fleck, Brown won the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance for her song "Leaving Cottondale" from her album "Fair Weather". She participated in Alison Krauss's Grammy-winning album "I've Got That Old Feeling", and received a Grammy nomination for her own recording, "Simple Pleasures" (1990).

"Stolen Moments" (2005), in Brown's estimation, is her most musically successful record to date. "For the first time, I feel like I've created a true hybrid sound that suggests its influences – bluegrass, jazz, celtic music – but when taken as a whole isn't any one of these things." – Brown's words about the album on the group's official webpage. In 2007, Brown was honored as one of Irish America magazine's Stars of the South. Her last album, "The Company You Keep" (2009) follows this trend of mixing different acoustic genres resulting in fresh-sounding new hybrids.

Brown continues touring with her quartet internationally. As a famous Harvard University alumna, she was invited to play at the inauguration of Harvard's president Drew Faust. 

She has also cultivated an impressive repertoire as a record producer, helming projects for artists like Dale Ann Bradley, Peter Rowan, Quiles & Cloud, and the Grammy-nominated album from Claire Lynch, NORTH BY SOUTH.






</doc>
<doc id="2467754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2467754" title="Marilyn French">
Marilyn French

Marilyn French (née "Edwards") (November 21, 1929May 2, 2009) was a radical feminist American author.

French was born in Brooklyn to E. Charles Edwards, an engineer, and Isabel Hazz Edwards, a department store clerk. In her youth, she was a journalist, writing a neighborhood newsletter. She played the piano and dreamed of becoming a composer. She received a bachelor's degree from Hofstra University (then Hofstra College) in 1951, in philosophy and English literature. Marilyn Edwards married Robert M. French Jr. in 1950 and supported him while he attended law school. The couple had two children. French also received a master's degree in English from Hofstra, in 1964. She divorced Robert French in 1967 and then pursued a doctorate at Harvard University, where she earned a Ph.D in 1972.

She was an English instructor at Hofstra, from 1964 to 1968, and was an assistant professor of English at the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, from 1972 to 1976.

French's first serious publication, "The Book as World: James Joyce's Ulysses," was her Harvard thesis.

In her work, French asserted that women's oppression is an intrinsic part of the male-dominated global culture. For instance, one of her first non-fiction works, "Beyond Power: On Women, Men and Morals" (1985), is a historical examination of the effects of patriarchy on the world. French took issue with the expectations of married women in the post-World War II era and became a leading, if controversial, opinion maker on gender issues who decried the patriarchal society she saw around her. "My goal in life is to change the entire social and economic structure of Western civilization, to make it a feminist world," she once declared.

French's first and best-known novel, "The Women's Room" (1977), follows the lives of Mira and her friends in 1950s and 1960s America, including Val, a militant radical feminist. The novel portrays the details of the lives of women at this time and the feminist movement of this era in the United States. At one point in the book the character Val says, "all men are rapists, and that's all they are. They rape us with their eyes, their laws, and their codes." "The Women's Room" sold more than 20 million copies and was translated into 20 languages. Gloria Steinem, a close friend, compared the impact of the book on the discussion surrounding women's rights to the one that Ralph Ellison's "Invisible Man" (1952) had had on racial equality 25 years earlier.

Her most significant work in later life was "From Eve to Dawn: A History of Women". It was published in a Dutch translation in 1995 (in one volume of 1312 pages), but did not appear in English until 2002 and 2003 (published in three volumes by Mcarthur & Company), and then again in English in four volumes (published by The Feminist Press) in 2008. It is built around the premise that exclusion from the prevailing intellectual histories denied women their past, present and future. Despite carefully chronicling a long history of oppression, the last volume ends on an optimistic note, said Florence Howe, who recently retired as director of the publishing house. "For the first time women have history," she said of Ms. French's work. "The world changed and she helped change it."

While French was pleased by significant gains made by women in the three decades since her landmark novel, "The Women's Room", she was also just as quick to point out lingering deficiencies in gender equality.

She married Robert M. French Jr., in 1950. They had two children. The couple divorced in 1967.

French was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 1992. This experience was the basis for her book "A Season in Hell: A Memoir" (1998). She survived cancer and later died from heart failure at age 79, on May 2, 2009, in Manhattan.





</doc>
<doc id="2469355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2469355" title="Oliver La Farge">
Oliver La Farge

Oliver Hazard Perry La Farge II (December 19, 1901 – August 2, 1963) was an American writer and anthropologist. During 1925 he explored early Olmec sites in Mexico, and later studied additional sites in Central America and the American Southwest. In addition to more than 15 scholarly works, mostly about Native Americans, he wrote several novels, including the Pulitzer Prize-winning, "Laughing Boy" (1929). In addition, La Farge's short stories were published in the magazines "The New Yorker" and "Esquire". 

His more notable works, both fiction and non-fiction, emphasize Native American culture. He was most familiar with the Navajo people, had a speaking knowledge of their language and was nicknamed by them 'Anast'harzi Nez', i.e. "Tall Cliff-Dweller".

Oliver La Farge was born in New York City but grew up in Newport, Rhode Island. He was the son of Christopher Grant La Farge, a noted Beaux-Arts architect, and Florence Bayard Lockwood. His older brother was the novelist Christopher La Farge. La Farge and his paternal uncle, architect Oliver H. P. La Farge, were both named for a great-great-grandfather, Oliver Hazard Perry.

La Farge received both his Bachelor of Arts degree (1924) and his master's degree (1929) from Harvard University.

La Farge worked as a writer and an anthropologist. During 1925, he traveled with the Danish archeologist Frans Blom, who taught at Tulane University, to what is now known as the Olmec heartland. He (re)discovered San Martin Pajapan Monument 1 and, more importantly, the ruins of La Venta, one of the major Olmec centers.

La Farge devoted considerable study to Native American peoples and issues, especially after relocating to Santa Fe, New Mexico, during 1933. He became a champion for American Indian rights and was president of the Association on American Indian Affairs for several years..

During World War II, La Farge served with the U.S. Air Transport Command, ending service with the rank of major. He participated with the Battle for Greenland, commanded by Colonel Bernt Balchen. Balchen, together with Corey Ford and La Farge, wrote "War Below Zero: The Battle for Greenland" (1944) about the actions to defend Greenland.

La Farge married heiress Wanden Matthews and had two children with her: a son, Oliver Albee La Farge (b. 1931, later known as Peter La Farge and a daughter, Povy. They relocated to Santa Fe during 1933, but Wanden disliked the area and they eventually divorced during 1937. 

Their first son, Oliver Albee, became estranged from his father and changed his name to Peter La Farge. He relocated to New York City, where he became a well-known folksinger and songwriter in Greenwich Village, performing during the 1950s and 1960s. Some of his most successful songs have Native American themes including a famous one, 'As Long As The Grass Shall Grow', which takes its names from the title of one of his father's books.

La Farge married a second time, to Consuelo Otile Baca, with whom he had a son, John Pendaries "Pen" La Farge. La Farge's non-fiction book, "Behind The Mountains" (1956), is based on his memories of Consuelo's family, the Baca family of New Mexico who were ranchers in northern New Mexico. He wrote a regular column for the Santa Fe newspaper, "The New Mexican." Some of his columns were collected and published as "The Man With the Calabash Pipe" (1966).

La Farge died in Santa Fe during 1963, at the age of 61.







</doc>
<doc id="2476025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2476025" title="Michael Brand">
Michael Brand

Michael Brand (born 9 January 1958) is an art scholar from Australia. Throughout his career, Brand has specialised in the art of Asia, in particular Indian art.

Brand was born in Canberra, but spent several years in the United States while his father was a representative at the International Monetary Fund. He lived in McLean, Virginia in 1971 and 1972, and spent four years studying in Washington, D.C. to complete high school.

Brand completed his undergraduate studies at the Australian National University in 1979, specialising in Art History and Asian Studies, and attained an MA and PhD at Harvard University in 1982 and 1987 respectively.

After completing his studies, Brand worked as the founding head of Asian art at the National Gallery of Australia. He left for the Queensland Art Gallery later that year, and spent four years working as assistant director. In 2000 he moved to Richmond, Virginia to succeed Katherine C. Lee as director of the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts.

In August 2005 Brand was appointed director of the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, refuting speculation that he may have accepted the post of director of the Cleveland Museum of Art, where he would once again have been following in Lee's footsteps. Brand took up the role of director in January 2006.

In 2012, Brand was appointed ninth Director of the Art Gallery of New South Wales, following the retirement of Edmund Capon.



</doc>
<doc id="2476045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2476045" title="John A. O'Keefe (astronomer)">
John A. O'Keefe (astronomer)

John Aloysius O'Keefe III (1916–2000) was an expert in planetary science and astrogeology with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) from 1958 to 1995. 

He and his co-authors, Ann Eckels and Ken Squires, are credited with the discovery that the Earth had a significant third degree zonal spherical harmonic in its gravitational field using U.S. Vanguard 1 satellite data collected in the late 1950s.. The Earth's pear shape as it was known became front-page news and was even the subject of a "Peanuts" cartoon. 

He was the first to propose the idea of a scanning microscope in 1956 and he is the co-discoverer of the YORP effect (short for Yarkovsky-O’Keefe-Radzievskii-Paddock effect), an effect resulting from sunlight which causes a small celestial body such as an asteroid or meteor to spin up or down.

O'Keefe was born in Lynn, Massachusetts, on October 13, 1916. He was the oldest of four children of Edward Scott O'Keefe and Ruth Evans. O'Keefe spent his last two years of high school at Exeter Academy. He then went to Harvard, following in the footsteps of his father and grandfathers on both sides as well as all four of his uncles. He graduated in 1937 with an A.B. degree in astronomy. He spent another year at the Harvard College Observatory doing graduate study under Harlow Shapley. At Shapley's urging he went on to graduate studies at the Yerkes Observatory of the University of Chicago where he earned his Ph.D. in Astronomy in 1941. His first major discovery, while in graduate school (1938}, was that clouds of solid carbon cause the peculiar dips in the light curve of R Coronae Borealis, the archetype of a class of carbon-rich stars. After earning his doctorate he spent a year at Brenau University teaching Mathematics and Physics.

When World War II broke out, O'Keefe was rejected by the draft so he instead joined the Army Map Service Corps of Engineers as a civilian producing improved maps for the war effort. He continued this work during the cold war. His best-know protégé at Army Map Service was William M. Kaula who went on to become an authority on satellite geodesy.

O'Keefe joined NASA in December of 1958 and became the assistant chief of the Theoretical Division under Robert Jastrow at the Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland. He spent the rest of his professional career at Goddard.

During the early Project Apollo-era, O'Keefe was one of the major leaders in developing the American lunar science program and was instrumental in securing astrogeologist Eugene Shoemaker to work with NASA in developing a geology program for the Apollo astronauts. Shoemaker referred to O'Keefe as the "godfather of astrogeology". In 1997, Shoemaker and his wife, Carolyn, named asteroid 6585 after O'Keefe.

Prior to the moon landings O'Keefe developed a theory that tektites, natural glass objects found in discrete strewn fields around the world, are actually volcanic ejecta from the Moon. He suggested that explosive, hydrogen-driven lunar volcanoes may be the mechanism that launched the tektites to Earth. After the moon landings his claim was apparently supported by a chemical analysis of a portion of lunar sample 12013 retrieved by Apollo 12 astronaut Pete Conrad that showed a similar major element composition to some tektites found in Southeast Asia. Some Apollo 14 samples also had chemistries similar to tektites. However, most other lunar data strongly challenged the O'Keefe hypothesis, and almost all researchers in this field now accept that tektites are of terrestrial origin, the products of large meteorite or cometary impacts on Earth. This is supported by geochemical, isotopic and mineralogical evidence, and the fact that most tektite strewn fields can now be confidently matched to known impact craters of similar age on Earth.

Several of O'Keefe's ideas about the physics of tektite formation, especially pertaining to Stokes' Law and the slow formation or 'fining' of tektites (apparently not possible in a rapid impact event), still remain as challenges to modern explanations of how tektites might have formed.

NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center conferred its highest honor, the Award of Merit, on O'Keefe in 1992. Advancing Parkinson's disease forced him to retire in 1995.

While at the Yerkes Observatory in William's Bay, Wisconsin, O'Keefe and other graduate students took their meals at the Tulane house. Here he met his future wife, Martha Sylvia Tulane. They later settled in Chevy Chase, Maryland where they had three sons and six daughters. Their second son, Roy Tulane O'Keefe (Michele Bourdeau) was born on January 5, 1946. Roy joined the Army in 1965, and later was a medic in the Special Forces. He was killed in Vietnam during the Tet offensive on February 6, 1968. The children all attended Blessed Sacrament grade school in Chevy Chase. The sons all attended the Abbey School in Washington, D.C. O'Keefe was Roman Catholic. 

O'Keefe died on September 8, 2000 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota from complications of liver cancer and Parkinson's disease. He was surrounded by his wife and children.



</doc>
<doc id="2477232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2477232" title="Joaquín Navarro-Valls">
Joaquín Navarro-Valls

Joaquín Navarro-Valls, M.D. (November 16, 1936 – July 5, 2017) was a Spanish journalist, physician and academic who served as the Director of the Holy See Press Office from 1984 to 2006. His role as the press liaison between the Vatican and the world press corps gave him perhaps the highest visibility of any one person in the Vatican during the long reign of Pope John Paul II, with the exception of the Pope himself. He resigned his post July 11, 2006 and was replaced by Father Federico Lombardi. On January 20, 2007, he was named president of the board of advisers of the Biomedical University of Rome, an office he occupied until his death.

Navarro-Valls studied at the Deutsche Schule in Cartagena, and then studied medicine at the Universities of Granada and Barcelona, as well as journalism at the Faculty of Sciences of Communication at the University of Navarra in Pamplona, Spain. He also took post-graduate studies at Harvard University in the United States. He graduated summa cum laude in Medicine and Surgery in 1961 and took courses for a doctorate in Psychiatry in "Psychiatric disorders in cranial traumas" ("Trastornos psiquiátricos en los traumas craneales"). In addition, he taught at the Faculty of Medicine. 

In 1968, received a degree in journalism and in the science of communication in 1980. 

He was fluent in Spanish, English, French, German and Italian. Navarro-Valls died in Rome on July 5, 2017 at the age of 80.

Navarro-Valls was a foreign correspondent for both "Nuestro Tiempo" and the Spanish daily newspaper "ABC". Esteemed by his colleagues, he was elected a member of the Board of Directors (1979) and later President of the Foreign Press Association, Italy (1983 and 1984).

From 1996 until 2001, he served as President of the Administration Board of the “Maruzza Lefebvre d’Ovidio” Foundation for terminally ill cancer patients.

Navarro-Valls' work with the Holy See enabled him to be a member of the Holy See Delegation to international conferences of the United Nations in Cairo (1994), Copenhagen (1995), Beijing (1995), and Istanbul (1996). His continued work in medicine and journalism allowed him to participate in national and international conferences on psychiatry and/or communication as a guest speaker. From 1996 he was a visiting professor at the Faculty of Institutional Social Communications of the Pontifical University of the Holy Cross in Rome.

Navarro-Valls was particularly important as a press liaison during the last few years of the reign of Pope John Paul II (reigned 1978–2005). This was especially true during the final six months of Pope John Paul's reign, during which time Navarro-Valls' expertise as a physician was important in communicating the pope's health to the press. He was apparently instrumental in bringing a high level of candor to the bulletins which daily informed the world concerning the aged pope's declining health. His own emotional closeness to the pope was apparent as the end drew near.

With the election of Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger as Pope Benedict XVI — and with the new pope's approval — Navarro-Valls continued in his post for almost two years.

Navarro-Valls was a member of the Catholic prelature Opus Dei (The Work of God), dating back to 1970, when he lived in the central headquarters with St Josemaría Escrivá, the founder of Opus Dei.

As a numerary of Opus Dei, he committed himself to celibacy, although as a lay person and not a religious this was not a formal vow. When asked about this, he told one reporter: "Celibacy is a vow taken by religious. In my case, instead, was the choice of a way of life and behavior. In any case...it was not difficult. Every choice in life necessarily involves leaving something else behind. Those who want to have everything end up without ever truly marrying one idea, and so do not generate children, in the analogical sense; that is, to give birth to other new ideas."

In 1988, he received the Ischia International Journalism Award. In 2007, he was awarded the Commander's Cross with Star Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland by the President of Poland.


He then was awarded another two honorary doctorates in Humane Letters Christendom College, Virginia, United States and in Science St. John's University, New York, United States



</doc>
<doc id="2478710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2478710" title="Robert Keohane">
Robert Keohane

Robert Owen Keohane (; born October 3, 1941) is an American academic, who, following the publication of his influential book "After Hegemony" (1984), became widely associated with the theory of neoliberal institutionalism, as well as transnational relations and world politics in international relations in the 1970s. He is currently a Professor of Political Science at the Woodrow Wilson School at Princeton University. A 2011 survey of International Relations scholars placed Keohane second in terms of influence and quality of scholarship in the last twenty years. According to the Open Syllabus Project, Keohane is the most frequently cited author on college syllabi for political science courses.

Keohane was born at the University of Chicago Hospitals. His education through the fifth grade was at the University of Chicago Laboratory Schools. When he was 10, the family moved to Mount Carroll, Illinois, where he attended public school and his parents taught at Shimer College. After the 10th grade, Keohane enrolled at Shimer through the school's early entrance program, which since 1950 has allowed selected high school students to enter college before completing high school. When later asked to compare his undergraduate education as an early entrant at Shimer with his graduate work at Harvard, Keohane remarked "it is not clear to me that I have ever been with a brighter set of people than those early entrants." Keohane currently serves on the Board of Trustees of Shimer College.

He earned a BA, with honors, from Shimer College in 1961. He obtained his PhD from Harvard in 1966, one year after he joined the faculty of Swarthmore College. He was the student of Harvard University Professor Stanley Hoffmann.

Keohane has taught at Swarthmore, Stanford, Brandeis, Harvard, and Duke. At Harvard he was Stanfield Professor of International Peace, and at Duke he was the James B. Duke Professor of Political Science.

He is the author of many works, including "After Hegemony: Cooperation and Discord in the World Political Economy" (Princeton University Press, 1984), for which he was awarded the second annual University of Louisville Grawemeyer Award in 1989 for "Ideas Improving World Order".

Between 1974 and 1980 he was editor of the journal "International Organization". He has been president of the International Studies Association, 1988–1989, and of the American Political Science Association, 1999–2000.

Keohane is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Academy of Political and Social Science and has held a Guggenheim Fellowship and fellowships at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences and the National Humanities Center. He was awarded the Johan Skytte Prize in Political Science in 2005, and elected to the National Academy of Sciences that same year. He was listed as the most influential scholar of international relations in a 2005 "Foreign Policy" poll.

Political scientists he has taught include Lisa Martin, Andrew Moravcsik, Layna Mosley, Beth Simmons, Ronald Mitchell, and Helen V. Milner. Other students include Fareed Zakaria.

In 2012, Keohane received the Harvard Centennial Medal.

In fall 2013 he is the Allianz Distinguished Visitor at the American Academy in Berlin.

In 2014, he was awarded the James Madison Award of the American Political Science Association.

He was awarded the 2016 Balzan Prize for International Relations: History and Theory.

Keohane is married to Nannerl O. Keohane, former president of Duke University and Wellesley College and herself a noted political scientist. They have four grown children: Sarah, Stephan, Jonathan, and Nathaniel.




</doc>
<doc id="2478737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2478737" title="Kristen Silverberg">
Kristen Silverberg

Kristen Silverberg (born 1970) was the United States Ambassador to the European Union from July 2008 until January 2009. She was nominated by President George W. Bush on April 24, 2008 and confirmed by the United States Senate on June 27, 2008. On July 22, 2008, she presented her credentials. She was succeeded by William Kennard who was nominated by President Barack Obama on August 6, 2009 and confirmed by the United States Senate on November 20, 2009.

Silverberg was previously Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs for the United States government. In that role, she was in charge of the Bureau of International Organization Affairs, a part of the State Department.

Prior to her appointment to the State Department, Silverberg served in the following positions in the White House:

Silverberg also served as Senior Adviser to Paul Bremer when he was Administrator of the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq—reportedly "because she was interested in the work, and not at the behest of the White House." She has been described as a "rising star" in the White House, and as "one of the White House's most trusted behind-the-scenes aides." 

Prior to coming to work for the White House, Silverberg served as a law clerk, first to Appellate Court Judge David B. Sentelle, and later to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.

She currently sits on the advisory board for Washington, DC nonprofit America Abroad Media.

Silverberg was born in 1970 in Alpine, Texas to Rhoda and Eric Silverberg. Silverberg is a graduate of Harvard University and The University of Texas School of Law (1996). She wrote an article (PDF) in 2002 encouraging fellow alumni to seek legal careers in government.

On May 24, 2008 she married Paul V. Lettow at the Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in Austin, Texas; Lettow is the son of Charles F. Lettow, who since July 2003 has been a judge of the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.



</doc>
<doc id="2481719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2481719" title="Bill Peirce">
Bill Peirce

William S. Peirce (pronounced ; born December 7, 1938, Stoneham, Massachusetts) was the Libertarian Party of Ohio candidate for Ohio Governor in the November 7, 2006 election. On November 12, 2005, the party made its endorsement of Peirce official.

A Professor Emeritus at Case Western Reserve University, he was Chairman of the Economics Department at Case Western for six years and has degrees from both Harvard (A.B. 1960) and Princeton (Ph.D. 1966) universities.

The 2006 Peirce Ohio gubernatorial campaign was centered upon its "Freedom to Prosper" plan. The plan proposed to cut taxes in Ohio across the board, the elimination of Republican governor Bob Taft's tax increases, protection for homeowners and business people from eminent domain abuse, and increase school choice for parents and teachers.

The Peirce/Noble campaign filed a nominating petition with 13,394 signatures on May 1, 2006. The law requires 5,000 valid signatures for an independent candidate for governor. All 88 counties of Ohio were represented in the petition. When denied access to the debate between the Democratic and Republican candidates for governor, Pierce created a news release, "Blackwell, Strickland Chicken to Debate Pierce". At the September 20, 2006 debate, two Peirce supporters dressed in chicken costumes bearing "Ken" and "Ted" nametags and danced in front of supporters. The two were arrested by the police, who claimed they walked into the street and disrupted traffic.

Peirce finished third of the four candidates running receiving 67,596 votes for 1.8% of the total vote; Democrat Ted Strickland won the election (60.4%)

Note that while Pierce and Bob Fitrakis were endorsed by the Libertarian and Green parties, respectively, they appeared as independents on the ballot.

Peirce endorsed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which was signed into law by President Donald Trump.

Peirce married Nynke Witteveen in 1966; the couple has three adult children.





</doc>
<doc id="2483312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2483312" title="Þorsteinn Gylfason">
Þorsteinn Gylfason

Þorsteinn Gylfason (12 August 1942 – 16 August 2005) was an Icelandic philosopher, translator, musician and poet. Þorsteinn distinguished himself in Icelandic public life with his writings in newspapers, journals and publications.

Þorsteinn was born and raised in Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland. His parents were Guðrún Vilmundardóttir and Gylfi Þorsteinsson Gíslason, a university professor and government minister. He was the brother of Vilmundur Gylfason, a politician, and Þorvaldur Gylfason, an economist.

Þorsteinn graduated from the Menntaskólinn í Reykjavík gymnasium in 1961 and subsequently received a grant to study at Harvard University. He left Harvard with a B.A. degree in philosophy, having studied under the tutelage of Willard Van Orman Quine. He returned home for graduate studies in Icelandic, and later attended the University of Munich and Magdalen College, Oxford from 1965 to 1971. At Oxford, he studied under Gilbert Ryle and befriended well-known characters from philosophical circles, such as Alfred Jules Ayer. This influence affected his work in philosophy to a considerable extent.

Þorsteinn worked as an assistant professor at the University of Iceland from 1971, and was made full professor in 1989. He was visiting professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the London School of Economics.

Þorsteinn received a number of awards and acknowledgements for his works, amongst them the Þórbergur Þórðarson and National Icelandic Literature Prizes in 1997. In 1994, he was awarded the Knights Cross of the Icelandic Falcon by Icelandic president Vigdís Finnbogadóttir for his contributions to Icelandic culture and academia.

Þorsteinn wrote 12 books on philosophy and philology, including "An Essay on Man" (1970), "An Essay on the World" (1992), "Thinking in Icelandic" (1996) and "Justice and Injustice" (1998). He also published over 37 academic papers in various philosophical journals and composed poetry and lyrics, either with musical composer Atli Heimir Sveinsson or to the music of Kurt Weill and Richard Wagner.

His translations to Icelandic included "On Liberty" by John Stuart Mill, Søren Kierkegaard's "Repetitions", Plato's "Phaedo", Descartes' "Meditations", all of whom were published by the Icelandic Literature Society, for which he served as a series chief editor for almost two decades.

Þorsteinn's philosophical work was mostly in the philosophy of language and mind and political philosophy. His method and style of philosophy was very much rooted in the analytic tradition, through influence from men such as W.V.O. Quine and Gilbert Ryle. He also found inspiration in the continental philosophers, especially from existentialism in the style of Søren Kierkegaard and Martin Heidegger, whose works he translated into Icelandic. Later on, his focus was on contemporary work by Elizabeth Anscombe, Donald Davidson, Saul Kripke, John Rawls, Philippa Foot, Charles Taylor and Richard Rorty.

Þorsteinn's early works ("An Essay on Man" in particular) are in the style of 20th century logical positivism—highly suspicious of esoteric Hegelian metaphysics. He later turned away from comprehensive theories to focus on specific problems. He considered himself an analytic philosopher insofar as "the ideas that have proven to be the most fruitful and inspiring, have been those of scholars generally considered to be 'analytic philosophers'." He usually said he was not much of a utilitarian neither in personal thinking nor politics and favoured deontology and virtue ethics.

His final words when describing himself as a philosopher were: "I believe that no philosophical theory can avoid paying the utmost heed to the natural sciences."

Þorsteinn was diagnosed with terminal cancer of the stomach on 12 August 2005 and died four days later. His funeral took place in Reykjavík Cathedral.









</doc>
<doc id="2483566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2483566" title="Sylvester Primer">
Sylvester Primer

Sylvester Primer (1842–1912) was an American linguist and philologist known for his pioneering work in 1887 on the dialect of the European-American residents of Charleston, South Carolina. He published language studies in both English and German, and an 1880 work in German was reprinted in 2010. He also published several annotated scholarly editions of important German-language and Spanish-language dramas from the 18th and 19th centuries. He taught for more than 20 years at the University of Texas at Austin, where he also headed the Romance language department as well as a new German-language department.

Primer grew up in western New York state and served with its units in the American Civil War. After the war, he completed preparatory studies, followed by his undergraduate degree at Harvard University. He did graduate studies in linguistics in Germany, where he received his PhD at the University of Strasbourg. He taught first at Brown University, then a decade at the College of Charleston, and briefly at Colorado College before joining the faculty in Texas.

Born in Geneva, Wisconsin on December 14, 1842, as the son of Archibald and Eleanor (Jacoby) Primer, Sylvester moved in 1850 as a child with his family to New York. They settled in the western part of the state in Genesee County. He attended local schools as a child.

His higher education was interrupted by his serving in the American Civil War. Afterward Primer completed studies at Leroy (N.Y.) Academy until 1868 and the Phillips Exeter Academy until 1871. He went to college, studying languages at Harvard University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in 1874 and was Phi Beta Kappa. He went to Europe to study with scholars there and worked at Leipzig, Göttingen, and Strasbourg, where he received his PhD in 1880.

Primer served in the American Civil War, first in Company E of the 105th Regiment New York Volunteer Infantry from Genesee County, New York. He was with them when wounded during the Battle of Antietam. After his recovery, Primer later enlisted in and served with the Fifteenth New York Cavalry.

After completing his graduate work, Primer returned to the United States, teaching first at Brown University (1880–1881). He taught at the College of Charleston in South Carolina from 1881 to 1890. During this period, he first directed scholarly attention toward the unique dialect of the city of Charleston in a paper he delivered at the Modern Language Association of America in 1887. This pioneering work, "Charleston Provincialisms" (1887), is one of the first attempts by a scholar to describe the speech of an American community. It was published as part of the "Transactions of the Modern Language Association", vol. III, 1888, p. 84–99; it was also published in Europe in "Phonetische Studien", vol. i, 1888, p. 227; and in the "American Journal of Philology", IX (1888), p. 198–213.

Primer also wrote "The Huguenot Element in Charleston's Provincialisms;" it was published in "Phonetische Studien", vol. iii, 1891, p. 139.

In 1891, Primer joined the faculty of the University of Texas at Austin, where he served for more than 20 years. He first served as adjunct professor of Teutonic languages, eventually becoming an associate professor. He became chairman of the School of Romance language and in time, chair of a separate German department established at the university. There had been strong German immigration to the state during the mid- and late 19th century. Primer died on August 13, 1912, survived by his wife and son.

In Texas, his wife Lula Primer worked at the university after his death, retiring in 1941. She wrote her memoirs in the 1940s, which reflected her life in Texas. She had long been active in the University Methodist Church, the University Ladies Club, the Austin’s Women’s Club, and the Travis County Council of Women.


He also published in German:

Primer published annotated scholarly editions of several European plays, including 

Primer's seminal works on Charleston's unique and vanishing dialect continue to be among the most important scholarly contributions to the subject today.

Primer's personal and family papers are held by the University of Texas at Austin.


</doc>
<doc id="2498808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2498808" title="Eugene Nickerson">
Eugene Nickerson

Eugene Hoffman Nickerson (August 2, 1918 – January 1, 2002) was the Democratic county executive of Nassau County, New York from 1962 until 1970. Nickerson was the only Democrat to be elected county executive in Nassau County until 2001. Later, as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, he presided over a challenge to the Pentagon's "Don’t ask, don’t tell" policy on homosexuality and the notorious Abner Louima police brutality case in New York.

Nickerson was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on August 16, 1977, to a seat vacated by Orrin Judd. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 20, 1977, and received commission on October 21, 1977. Assumed senior status on January 1, 1994. Nickerson's service was terminated on January 1, 2002, due to death.

Nickerson was a descendant both of the Nickerson family of Cape Cod and of President John Quincy Adams. His mother, né Ruth Constance Comstock (July 11, 1891 – August 15, 1988), was from Orange, New Jersey. She gave birth to three sons: Schuyler, Eugene and Adams. His father, Hoffman Nickerson (December 6, 1888 – March 24, 1965), was an Army officer, state legislator, and historian who wrote "The turning point of the Revolution; or, Burgoyne in America" concerning the Saratoga campaign.

Born in Orange, New Jersey, Nickerson grew up in New York City, New York and Mill Neck on Long Island. At St. Mark's School in Southborough, Massachusetts, he was quarterback of the football team and captain of the hockey team. But shortly before he entered Harvard College in 1937, Nickerson was stricken by polio, seemingly ending what had started out to be a promising athletic career. For two years, he was forced to wear his right arm in a brace held out from his body. While at Harvard, Nickerson showed unusual perseverance by teaching himself to play squash with his left hand. Ultimately he was named the squash team's captain and its ranking player. Harvard's athletic director, William Bingham, wrote to another Harvard graduate, President Franklin D. Roosevelt, about the courage of this young squash player. President Roosevelt answered Bingham's letter saying "What we need are more Nickersons." Bingham sent a copy of the President's letter to Eugene's father, Hoffman Nickerson. The letter was kept in a box for years until Eugene's wife, Marie-Louise, took it out to read to their daughters. He graduated from Harvard with a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 1943, he graduated from Columbia Law School with a Bachelor of Laws, where he was an editor of the "Columbia Law Review". Following graduation, he clerked for Judge Augustus Noble Hand of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and then for Chief Justice Harlan Fiske Stone of the United States Supreme Court from October 1944 to April 1946.

He worked for Wall Street law firm Milbank, Tweed, Hope, Hadley & McCloy, then Hale, Stimson, Russell & Nickerson. From 1970 until his appointment to the bench in October 1977, Nickerson was a name partner and litigator with the firm Nickerson, Kramer, Lowenstein, Nessen, Kamin & Soll, now known as Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel. Entering politics, he became the first Democrat to win a countywide seat in Nassau County, New York since 1912, when regular Republicans and the Progressive (Bull Moose) Party split the Republican vote. In his three three-year terms as county executive, Nickerson took a more liberal approach than his Republican predecessors, often working to expand social services for the needy in what was then one of the nation's fastest-growing counties. He was an early advocate of environmental protection, expanded Nassau County's park system, recruited college graduates for the police force, and favored progressive zoning regulations to open up housing opportunities to minorities and the poor.

He later described his years in the post as reorienting "government to concern itself with human beings and their problems." Pressed by Robert F. Kennedy, who recognized Nickerson's political talents, he ran for the United States Senate in 1968 but lost in the Democratic primary.

Nickerson was occasionally seen as an unusual member of the Democratic Party. Referring to the man who was the Democratic presidential nominee in 1952 and 1956, Nickerson once explained, "Adlai Stevenson turned me into a Democrat. I was active in his first campaign, and I stayed active. He brought in other people like myself who had intense interests about government, of ideals and principles."

Nickerson was nominated by President Jimmy Carter on August 16, 1977, to a seat on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York vacated by Judge Orrin Grimmell Judd. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on October 20, 1977, and received his commission on October 21, 1977. He assumed senior status on January 1, 1994. His service was terminated on January 1, 2002, due to his death.

On August 26, 1980, President Jimmy Carter nominated Nickerson to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit to replace Judge Murray Gurfein, who had died in 1979. However, given that the nomination occurred after the unofficial Thurmond Rule governing judicial nominations during presidential election years, the Senate never took up Nickerson's nomination. President Ronald Reagan chose instead to nominate Lawrence W. Pierce to the seat in September 1981. Pierce was confirmed by the United States Senate in November 1981.

Nickerson died January 1, 2002 in New York City, following complications after stomach surgery.




</doc>
<doc id="2498967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2498967" title="Mark Halperin">
Mark Halperin

Mark Evan Halperin (born January 11, 1965) is an American journalist, most recently known for his position as senior political analyst for MSNBC and as a contributor, and former co-managing editor with John Heilemann of Bloomberg Politics. He previously worked as the political director at ABC News, where he worked as the editor of the Washington, D.C.,
newsletter "The Note."
He is the co-author with Heilemann of "Game Change" and "". Halperin and Heilemann were co-hosts of MSNBC and Bloomberg's "With All Due Respect", a political analysis show. Halperin produced and co-starred with Heilemann and Mark McKinnon in Showtime's "," following the presidential candidates behind the scenes of their campaigns in the 2016 United States Presidential Election.

In response to multiple allegations of workplace sexual harassment and misconduct at his prior job at ABC News, Halperin was fired by both Showtime Networks and NBC News at the end of October 2017.

Halperin was born to a Jewish family, the son of Morton Halperin, a foreign policy expert, and Ina Weinstein Halperin Young. He was born in New York City but raised in Bethesda, Maryland.

In 1982, before he began his senior year at Walt Whitman High School, he lived with a family in Japan as part of the Youth for Understanding program. He received his B.A. from Harvard University in 1987.

Halperin resides in New York City with his girlfriend, Karen Avrich, co-author of "Sasha and Emma" with her late father, historian Paul Avrich.

In 1988, Halperin started out as a desk assistant for ABC News and a researcher for "World News Tonight". He then worked in the investigative unit of "World News Tonight" and as a general assignment reporter in Washington.

In 1992, he worked full-time as an off-air producer covering the presidential campaign of Bill Clinton. In 1994, Halperin became a producer with ABC's special events unit in New York and later an editorial producer.

In 1997, he was named the political director for ABC News. As director, Halperin appeared frequently as a correspondent and political analyst for ABC News television and radio programs. He founded and edited "The Note", which appeared daily on ABCNews.com.

In October 2006, Halperin and John F. Harris, released their book, "The Way to Win: Clinton, Bush, Rove, and How to Take the White House in 2008".

Starting in 2006 Halperin was a board member of the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at Saint Anselm College in Goffstown, New Hampshire. He has been on their public advisory board since it was created in 2008.

In March 2007, Halperin became a political analyst for ABC News and was replaced as political director by David Chalian. In May 2007, Halperin was hired as a political analyst and editor at large for "Time" magazine. In June 2010, he was hired as senior political analyst at MSNBC. In 2011, "Time" released an iPad app called "Mark Halperin 2012" that contains material from Halperin's "The Page" as well as video, photos, breaking news, and Halperin's take on the news.

Halperin and co-author John Heilemann wrote the 2010 "Game Change: Obama and the Clintons, McCain and Palin, and the Race of a Lifetime". Subsequently the book was made into the HBO movie "Game Change," which premiered on March 10, 2012. Halperin had a cameo role in the movie as a reporter. Halperin and Heilemann followed in 2012 with a book about that election titled "".

On June 30, 2011, Halperin was suspended from his duties at MSNBC for "slurring" President Barack Obama on the program "Morning Joe", saying the President came off as "kind of a dick" during the previous day's press conference. His suspension was lifted a little over a month later.

In December 2011, Halperin was listed as #1 in the "Salon" website's 2011 Hack List, his reporting described as "shallow and predictable" as well as "both fixated solely on the horse race and also uniquely bad at analyzing the horse race."

"The Washington Post"s Dana Milbank called Halperin's analysis in the 2016 United States presidential campaign "soulless" and "amoral," and cited a number of instances where Halperin praised Republican nominee Donald Trump. Alex Shephard, writing in "The New Republic", criticized his coverage for being overly focused on the horse race and for shallow analysis. Conversely, Benjamin Wallace-Wells of "The New Yorker" writes that Halperin's 'The Circus' is "both an argument for horse-race journalism and a way to see its inner workings, and so to track Heilemann and Halperin in their long traipse across the American interior is to see the media discovering its own vulnerabilities, just as Trump was exploiting them." 

In November 2016, Brian Williams said Halperin had "gone out of his way" to give Trump favorable coverage.

On October 26, 2017, CNN reported that five women had come forward and accused Halperin of sexual harassment. One woman told the network she was assaulted after visiting Halperin in the early 2000s. “I went up to have a soda and talk and — he just kissed me and grabbed my boobs,” the woman said. “I just froze. I didn’t know what to do.” Another woman told CNN that Halperin once pressed his penis on her shoulder during the 2004 campaign cycle. “I was obviously completely shocked,” she said. “Given I was so young and new I wasn’t sure if that was the sort of thing that was expected of you if you wanted something from a male figure in news.” A third woman, a former ABC News employee, told CNN she was on the road with Halperin when he propositioned her. "I excused myself to go to the bathroom and he was standing there when I opened the door propositioning [me] to go into the other bathroom to do something," she said. "It freaked me out. I came out of the ladies' room and he was just standing there. Like almost blocking the door."

Halperin apologized for pursuing "relationships with women that I worked with, including some junior to me," but denied pressing his genitals against a woman and grabbing another woman's breast. He added that he would temporarily leave his daily work to "properly deal with this situation."

Later that day, NBC News released a statement saying that in light of the allegations, Halperin would not return as a senior political analyst "until the questions around his past conduct are fully understood." HBO announced it would no longer go forward with a planned miniseries about the presidential election that was based in part on Halperin's then-upcoming book on the 2016 election. The premium cable channel said in a statement, “HBO has no tolerance for sexual harassment within the company or its productions.” Penguin Press also canceled the latest installment of the "Game Change" series Halperin was co-authoring with John Heilemann, which HBO had already canceled plans to adapt.

A day after their first story, CNN ran a second story revealing that the number of women accusing Halperin of misconduct had grown to "at least a dozen." In a lengthy statement published in response to the CNN report, Halperin denied some of the new allegations, including that he masturbated in front of anyone or physically assaulted anyone. He apologized to the women he "mistreated" and said that he recognized he had a problem near the end of his tenure at ABC, received weekly counseling sessions, and ended the behavior; however, a later report from "The Daily Beast" included an allegation of harassment from 2011.

On October 30, 2017, both NBC and MSNBC terminated Halperin's contract with the network.

On January 3, 2018, Showtime replaced Halperin with CBS News anchor Alex Wagner.

According to a May 3, 2019 report in "The Daily Beast", Halperin worked on repairing his reputation during the first quarter of 2019 with a goal of returning as a pundit on television and radio. Since the beginning of 2019, Halperin resumed posting on Twitter, and in mid-April launched a new political blog titled "Mark Halperin’s Wide World of News". Around the same time, Halperin appeared on Sirius XM with Smerconish, where he said he has been working with the Fortune Society, a New York City-based nonprofit organization that provides essential support to the formerly incarcerated.

On August 18, 2019, publisher Regan Arts announced that Halperin had signed a new book deal. The book, entitled "How to Beat Trump: America’s Top Political Strategists on What It Will Take", was published in early November 2019. After news broke about the upcoming book, there was widespread criticism and outrage with Gretchen Carlson calling the deal "a slap in the face to all women." Rebecca Katz, a political strategist said on Twitter, "you can beat Trump without supporting the career rehabilitation of Mark Halperin." CNN political commentator Karen Finney called Halperin "a predator" and denounced the book publisher Regan Arts. Democratic strategist contributors to the book include David Axelrod, Donna Brazile, and James Carville.

According to a September 9, 2019 report in The Daily Beast, Halperin allegedly exchanged vague threats on a call with MSNBC president Phil Griffin after being refused a possible collaboration with the Morning Joe team earlier in 2019. Halperin was upset because of his dream of returning to cable news punditry would be based upon slowly lobbied various media outlets about rehabilitating his image.




</doc>
<doc id="2500216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2500216" title="Elaine Noble">
Elaine Noble

Elaine Noble (born January 22, 1944) is an American politician and LGBT activist who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for two terms starting in January 1975. She was the first openly lesbian or gay candidate elected to a state legislature. She served two terms as representative for the Fenway-Kenmore and Back Bay neighborhoods of Boston.

Noble gained her Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from Boston University and went on to study at Boston University, Emerson College and Harvard University. Before entering politics she worked as a speech instructor and an advertising manager. She was involved in LGBT rights activism in Boston.

In 1974 she was elected to the state House of Representatives with 59% of the vote. She has described the campaign as "very ugly": it included her windows being shot in, her car being destroyed, her campaign headquarters having their windows broken and her supporters suffering serious harassment. Nevertheless, she was successful and was sworn into office on New Year's Day 1975 by governor Michael Dukakis. Her election made her the first openly LGBT candidate elected to a state-level office in the United States; the second, after Kathy Kozachenko, to be elected to office; and the third openly LGBT elected official overall (Kozachenko's predecessors, Nancy Wechsler and Jerry DeGrieck, having come out while in office but not publicly known to be lesbian and gay at the time they were elected).

Noble was an early critic of Father Paul Shanley, a Catholic priest who was convicted of sex crimes in 2005. From the early 1970s, she reported Shanley to Boston officials on several occasions based on some of his questionable comments and behavior, but to no avail. 

In March 1977, she was part of the first delegation of gay men and lesbians invited to the White House under President Jimmy Carter to discuss issues important to the LGBT community. After two terms in the House of Representatives, Noble ran for the United States Senate in 1978. She was one of five Democrats who competed in the primary, finishing fifth with 52,464 votes (5.8%). She later went to work for Kevin White who was Boston mayor at the time. Whilst working for White's office, Noble became involved in an FBI investigation in which she had to testify in front of a grand jury for nineteen hours. No charges were brought against Noble. In the 1990s she unsuccessfully ran for Cambridge, Massachusetts city council.

In 1986 Noble and Ellen Ratner formed a LGBT alcohol and drug treatment center in Minneapolis called the Pride Institute. More recently she has worked as a healthcare administrator and a realtor.

In 2009, she made a rare fundraising appearing at a Stonewall gala benefiting Palm Beach, Florida's LGBT center, Compass Community Center in Lake Worth, FL.

Noble had a relationship with writer Rita Mae Brown in the 1970s and has since retained privacy regarding her personal life. She lives in Florida.

In 2015, she was named by Equality Forum as one of their 31 Icons of the 2015 LGBT History Month.




</doc>
<doc id="2501278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2501278" title="Danny Quah">
Danny Quah

Danny Quah () is Li Ka Shing Professor in Economics at the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, National University of Singapore. Quah's work includes contributions to the fields of economic growth, development economics, monetary economics, macroeconometrics, and the weightless economy. Quah is best known for his research on estimation techniques for disentangling the effects of different disturbances on economies, for his studies on economic growth and convergence across nation states, and for his analyses of large-scale shifts in the global economy. Quah became the dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy, beginning his term on 1 May 2018.

Quah was born in Penang, in the Federation of Malaya which later became Malaysia, and attended the Penang Free School before leaving for university studies in the United States.

Quah obtained his A.B. from Princeton University in 1980 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University. He worked as assistant professor of economics at MIT before joining the Economics Department at LSE in 1991. Quah was, for 2006–2009, Head of the Economics Department at the London School of Economics and Political Science. He was, through 2016, Professor of Economics and International Development, and founding Director of the Saw Swee Hock Southeast Asia Centre at LSE. Quah joined the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy at NUS as Li Ka Shing Professor in Economics in August 2016.

Quah had served previously as Council Member on Malaysia's National Economic Advisory Council and as Consultant for the Bank of England, the World Bank, and the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Currently, he is on the advisory board of OMFIF where he is regularly involved in meetings regarding the financial and monetary system. Quah had also worked as visiting assistant professor of economics at Harvard University, visiting Professor of Economics at Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management and at the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore, and Tan Chin Tuan Visiting Professor at NUS's Department of Economics.

Google Scholar Citations reports that Quah's most-cited works include his 1989 paper on Vector Autoregressions with Olivier Blanchard and his papers on poverty traps in cross-country economic growth and the convergence of Twin Peaked income distributions. His published academic writings range widely from his prize-winning 2011 paper on the shifting global economy - mapping the eastwards movement in the world's economic center of gravity away from its 1980s mid-Atlantic location - to work while still a graduate student on the appendix to the famous Monetarist paper "Some Unpleasant Monetarist Arithmetic" (by Thomas Sargent and Neil Wallace). Quah calls The Great Shift East the move in the world's economic center of gravity out of the mid-Atlantic location where it had been for most of the 19th and 20th centuries, pulled by the rise of economies in the east. Between 1980 and 2010 that economic center of gravity moved 5,000 km east, to the Persian Gulf, on a trajectory that continues to take it towards the boundary between India and China.

Although the early part of his career saw close attention to technical developments in timeseries econometrics, Quah became heavily influenced by the approach to communicating ideas exemplified in the work of Edward Tufte, and sought similar dissemination of his research to a wider audience. He has also argued that research on economic development needs to be inextricably linked to scholarly work in International Relations.

Quah's TED talks include "Global Tensions From a Rising East" (March 2012) and "Economics, Democracy, and the New World Order" (August 2014). Quah's public lectures and events, more generally, are available on a curated YouTube listing.




</doc>
<doc id="2501948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2501948" title="Charles Callahan Perkins">
Charles Callahan Perkins

Charles Callahan Perkins (March 1, 1823 – August 25, 1886) was an art critic, author, organizer of cultural activities, and an influential friend of design and of music in Boston.

Charles C. Perkins was born in Boston on March 1, 1823, to James and Eliza Greene (Callahan) Perkins. His father, descended from Edmund Perkins who emigrated to New England in 1650, was a wealthy and philanthropic merchant. His mother was a gracious, cultivated woman. The family was wealthy. Perkins was the great nephew of Thomas Handasyd Perkins, who founded the Perkins shipping empire J. & T.H Perkins with Charles' grandfather James.

Perkins attended several schools before entering Harvard College, where he found the prescribed academic course irksome. He graduated in 1843. He had previously drawn and painted and went abroad soon after graduation to study art. In Rome he became friendly with and encouraged the sculptor Thomas Crawford, then struggling economically. In 1846, Perkins took a studio at Paris, where he had instruction from Ary Scheffer. Later he pursued studies in the history of Christian art in Leipzig. Returning to Paris he took up etching with Bracquemond and Lalanne. He made many etchings to illustrate his own books.

Perkins, independently wealthy, devoted his life to interpreting the art of others. In 1850-51 and from 1875 until his death he was president of the Handel and Haydn Society, Boston, and sometimes conducted their concerts and wrote music the ensemble performed. (The German publisher Breitkopf and Härtel, the world's oldest music publishing house, issued Perkins's Piano Trio and two string quartets in 1854 and 1855 respectively; Perkins's compositions were the first works by an American ever published by that firm.) He married on June 12, 1855, Frances Davenport Bruen, daughter of the Rev. Matthias Bruen, of New York. They gave many concerts and recitals at their home. Perkins was the largest subscriber to the construction of the Boston Music Hall, forwhich he also contributed the great bronze statue of Beethoven, modeled by his friend Crawford, which since 1902 has stood in the entrance hall of the New England Conservatory of Music, Boston. An invitation extended to Perkins in 1857 to give some lectures at Trinity College, Hartford, on "The Rise and Progress of Painting," started him as a lecturer. He possessed charm and magnetism on the platform.

After another European sojourn ended in 1869, he lectured frequently on Greek and Roman art before Boston school teachers, and on sculpture and painting at the Lowell Institute. he served for thirteen years on the Boston school committee. He brought to Boston the South Kensington methods of teaching drawing and design to children, and he was instrumental in founding the Massachusetts Normal Art School, now the Massachusetts College of Art and Design. As a committeeman he was also assigned the third division of the school system, comprising the North and West Ends. He took pains to know personally all teachers of his division, often entertaining them at his home.

Prior to 1850, Perkins had proposed an art museum for Boston but had found the plan premature. When others revived this project twenty years later he supported it. He was second among the incorporaters of the Museum of Fine Arts, secured for its opening a gift of Egyptian antiquities, and made valuable suggestions for arranging its exhibits. He advocated showing contemporary work as well as the arts of antiquity. He was also elected president of the Boston Art Club, a post he held for ten years. He systematically devoted part of each day to writing "Tuscan Sculptors", published in London in 1864, which brought him a European reputation. It was followed in 1868 by "Italian Sculptors", with illustrations drawn and etched by the author. He edited, with notes, Charles Locke Eastlake's "Hints on Household Taste" (1872), " Art in Education" (1870), "Art in the House" (1879) from the original of Jakob von Falke, and "Sepulchral Monuments in Italy" (1885).

In 1878 he brought out, with illustrative woodcuts which he had designed, "Raphael and Michaelangelo", dedicated to Henry W. Longfellow, and included Longfellow's previously unpublished translations of the sculptor's sonnets. His "Historical Handbook of Italian Sculpture" appeared in 1883, and in 1886, in French, "Ghiberti et son École". At the time of his death he had nearly finished his closely documented "History of the Handel and Haydn Society of Boston, Massachusetts", which others completed. He was also critical editor of the "Cyclopedia of Painters and Paintings", edited by Champlin.

He was the grandfather of editor Maxwell Perkins and the great-grandfather of Archibald Cox. Perkins died on August 25, 1886, in Windsor, Vermont in a carriage accident while he was driving with U.S. Senator William M. Evarts of New York.



There are tributes to Perkins by Robert C. Winthrop, Thomas W. Higginson and Samuel Eliot, with a biography by Eliot, in the Proceedings of the Massachusetts Historical Society, 2 ser. III (1888). See also: Justin Winsor, "The Memorial History of Boston", vol. IV (1881); A. F. Perkins, "Perkins Family" (1890); "Dwight's Journal of Music", March 1, 1856; and "Boston Transcript", Aug. 26, 1886.



</doc>
<doc id="2504661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2504661" title="Guilford Bevil Reed">
Guilford Bevil Reed

Guilford Bevil Reed (November 27, 1887 – February 21, 1955) was a Canadian medical researcher whose research involved diseases such as tuberculosis, gas gangrene, tetanus and rinderpest.

Born in Port George, Nova Scotia, he received a B.Sc. in 1912, M.A. in 1913 and Ph.D. in 1915 from Harvard University. From 1915 to 1954, he taught at Queen's University.

In 1932, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada and was its president from 1952 to 1953. In 1947, he was awarded the Royal Society of Canada's Flavelle Medal.

In 1942, he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.



</doc>
<doc id="2506941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2506941" title="Paul Zeitz">
Paul Zeitz

Paul Zeitz (born July 5, 1958) is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of San Francisco. He is the author of "The Art and Craft of Problem Solving", and a co-author of "Statistical Explorations with Excel".

In 1974 Paul Zeitz won the USA Mathematical Olympiad (USAMO) and was a member of the first American team to participate in the International Mathematical Olympiad (IMO). The following year he graduated from Stuyvesant High School.

He earned a Westinghouse scholarship and graduated from Harvard University in 1981.

Since 1985, he has composed and edited problems for several national math contests, including the USAMO. He has helped train several American IMO teams, most notably the 1994 "Dream Team", the only team from any country to ever score a perfect 252 in the Olympiad.

Zeitz founded the Bay Area Math Meet in 1994 and co-founded the Bay Area Mathematical Olympiad in 1999. In 1999 he wrote "The Art and Craft of Problem Solving" , a popular book on problem solving.

In 2003 Zeitz received from the MAA the prestigious "Deborah and Franklin Tepper Haimo Award" for excellence in university teaching.


</doc>
<doc id="2509314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2509314" title="George L. Sheldon">
George L. Sheldon

George Lawson Sheldon (May 31, 1870 – April 4, 1960) was 14th governor of Nebraska with service from 1907 until 1909. He was the first native of his state to become its governor. He was a Republican from the progressive wing of that party, which was identified nationally with Theodore Roosevelt of New York.

Born in Nehawka in Cass County in southeastern Nebraska, Sheldon received a bachelor's degree in 1892 from the University of Nebraska–Lincoln. As a cadet at Nebraska he commanded Company A of the University's Military Department headed by Lieutenant John J. Pershing. He led Company A to win the Maiden Prize of $1,500 at the National Competitive Drills in Omaha on June 13, 1892. Sheldon was also a founding member of the Varsity Rifles, which became Pershing Rifles. He then attended Harvard University for one year, receiving a second bachelor's degree "cum laude" in 1893. He married Rose Higgins in 1895, and they had four children.

During the Spanish–American War, Sheldon served as a captain in the 3rd Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, commanded by Colonel William Jennings Bryan of Nebraska, who had just lost to William McKinley of Ohio in the race for president two years before. En route to Cuba, the regiment traveled through Mississippi, and Sheldon liked what he saw there.

After the war, Sheldon returned to Nebraska. In 1902, he purchased a plantation of 1,700 acres near Greenville, Mississippi. That same year, at the age of 32, he successfully ran for state senate in Nebraska, and was re-elected in 1904.

The railroads had been central to the creation of Nebraska territory through the Kansas-Nebraska Act of 1854, but public perception among white Nebraskans had changed. When the Union Pacific and Burlington railroads were "opening up" the land to settlement (and the dispossession of the Native American inhabitants), towns were eager to court the railroads. However, anger at apparent railroad domination of Nebraska politics had been growing for decades.

On June 16, 1906, Sheldon and fellow progressive Norris Brown, who was then attorney general, announced that they were seeking the Republican nominations for governor and U.S. Senator, respectively. Sheldon was on record as favoring regulation of the railroads, having said, "You can trust the representatives of the people to deal fairly with the railroads, but you cannot trust the railroads to deal fairly with the people."

Sheldon defeated the Democratic nominee, Ashton C. Shallenberger, who was viewed as "being under railroad influence," 97,858 (53.5 percent) to 84,885 (46.5 percent). Sheldon became the first Nebraska governor born in the state and one of its youngest ever.

With huge majorities in both chambers of the legislature (Nebraska's legislature would not become unicameral for another twenty years), Sheldon moved quickly to redeem his campaign promises. Accordingly, the 1907 legislative session has been characterized by historians James C. Olson and Ronald C. Naugle as creating "more important and more permanent changes in the political structure of the state than those of any other." These included prohibitions on the free train passes that railroads had previously distributed generously to influence politicians, a restriction on train passenger fares to no more than two cents, and the establishment of a state railway commission. That year Sheldon also signed a child labor law, an anti-discrimination law, a law forbidding brewers from owning any part of a saloon, and legislation creating a state board of pardons and a bureau charged with investigating agricultural pests and plant diseases.

The 1907 legislature also enacted a statewide direct primary law, but that would continue to be a hot political issue for many years and be frequently revised.

Sheldon ran into two political hurdles to his re-election. First, bank deposits had seemed especially at risk during the financial panic of 1907, when many banks failed. However, although Sheldon personally favored a state law guaranteeing bank deposits similar to the one in Oklahoma territory, the Republican convention overwhelmingly voted it down. Second, he fought hard for an option for individual counties to prohibit liquor, losing many "wet" votes that he might otherwise have picked up.

Ashton Shallenberger secured the Democratic nomination, and campaigned hard for a state bank guarantee law. He skillfully allowed "dries" think he was "for" prohibition and "wets" to think he was "against" it. Shallenberger decisively beat Sheldon, 132,960 to 125,976, and the Democrats gained majority control of both houses of the legislature.

After his defeat, Sheldon moved to his plantation in Mississippi, and became active in state politics there.

He was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives. While Sheldon was publicly a staunch Republican, he was elected in the 1918 Democratic primary. He registered as a Republican while in the Mississippi House of Representatives. He retired after a single term due to financial conditions on his plantation. In 1927, he organized the moribund state Republican Party. After the election, Herbert Hoover appointed Sheldon the Mississippi state head of the Internal Revenue Service. He unsuccessfully for governor in 1947, having polled only 2.5 percent of the ballots cast.

In 1956, Sheldon was the leader of the small Lily-White Movement in the Mississippi Republican Party, which had formerly carried the backing of former President Theodore Roosevelt. A new faction of conservative lawyers and businesspeople, many from the Young Republicans organization, led by Wirt Yerger from the capital city of Jackson gained control of the Mississippi party. By the margin of his own vote, Yerger was elected the first modern chairman of the Mississippi GOP. Perry Wilbon Howard, the long-term African American leader of the Black and Tans contingent, continued to serve as National Committeeman until his death in 1961.
After Sheldon, the next Republican to seek the governorship was Rubel Phillips of Corinth and Jackson, who ran in 1963 on a ticket with State Senator Stanford Morse of Gulfport. Phillips tried again in 1967 but was crushed by U.S. Representative John Bell Williams, by which time Clarke Reed had succeeded Wirt Yerger as the party chairman. In 1991, Kirk Fordice became the first Republican elected as governor of Mississippi since Reconstruction.

Sheldon died in Greenville, Mississippi, on April 4, 1960. He is interred at Greenville Cemetery.



</doc>
<doc id="2519311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2519311" title="Walter Jackson Bate">
Walter Jackson Bate

Walter Jackson Bate (May 23, 1918 – July 26, 1999) was an American literary critic and biographer. He is known for Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography-winning biographies of Samuel Johnson (1978) and John Keats (1964). 
"Samuel Johnson" also won the 1978 U.S. National Book Award in Biography.

Bate was born in Mankato, Minnesota. He studied (under Douglas Bush) and later taught at Harvard University.

His critical work, especially "The Burden of the Past and the English Poet", responds to and anticipates some aspects of the work of Harold Bloom. His biographies of Keats and Johnson have enjoyed extraordinary reputations both as scholarly resources and as works of literature in their own right. Jane Kenyon, one of many writers to be influenced by the Keats biography, paraphrases it in her poem "Reading Late of the Death of Keats":

He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1957. Bate retired from teaching at Harvard in 1986, and died on July 26, 1999, at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, aged 81. A brief memoir appeared in 2013.




</doc>
<doc id="2520715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2520715" title="Sam Keen">
Sam Keen

Sam Keen (born 1931) is an American author, professor, and philosopher who is best known for his exploration of questions regarding love, life, wonder, religion, and being a male in contemporary society. He also co-produced "Faces of the Enemy", an award-winning PBS documentary; was the subject of a Bill Moyers' television special in the early 1990s; and for 20 years served as a contributing editor at "Psychology Today" magazine. He is also featured in the 2003 documentary "Flight from Death".

Keen completed his undergraduate studies at Ursinus College in Collegeville, Pennsylvania, and later completed graduate degrees at Harvard University and Princeton University.

Keen is married to Patricia de Jong, who is a former senior minister of First Congregational Church of Berkeley, United Church of Christ, in Berkeley, California.






</doc>
<doc id="2528878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2528878" title="Stephen Van Evera">
Stephen Van Evera

Stephen William Van Evera (born 10 November 1948) is a professor of Political Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, specializing in International Relations. His research includes the U.S. foreign and national security policy and causes and prevention of war. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Van Evera received his A.B. in government from Harvard and his Ph.D. in political science from the University of California, Berkeley. During the 1980s he was managing editor of the journal "International Security". 

Van Evera is the author of "Causes of War: Power and the Roots of Conflict" (Cornell, 1999). He has also co edited "Nuclear Diplomacy and Crisis Management" (1990), "Soviet Military Policy" (1989), and "The Star Wars Controversy" (1986).

Van Evera is considered a defensive realist, which is a branch of structural realism.

In "Causes of War: Power and the Roots of Conflict", Van Evera proposed Offense-Defense theory, which attempts to discern what factors increase the likelihood of war. Van Evera states three main hypotheses:
1. War will be more common in periods when conquest is easy, or is believed to be easy, than in other periods.
2. States that have, or believe they have, large offensive opportunities or defensive vulnerabilities will initiate and fight more wars than other states.
3. Actual examples of true imbalances are rare and explain only a moderate amount of history. However, false perceptions of these factors are common and thus explain a great deal of history.

The causes of World War I provide a good example of Van Evera’s theory in action. Although trench warfare, poison gas, and the development of the machine gun and air support meant that defensive strategies should have prevailed, many European nations were under the illusion that conquest was easy or that they were valuable. This misconception resulted in a drawn-out, bloody conflict. Recent discussion in international relations theory questions the idea of explaining outbreak of World War I. with the offense-defense balance.



</doc>
<doc id="2530957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2530957" title="Bob Moses (activist)">
Bob Moses (activist)

Robert Parris Moses (born January 31, 1935) is an American educator and civil rights activist, known for his work as a leader of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee on voter education and registration in Mississippi during the Civil Rights Movement, and his co-founding of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party. He is a graduate of Hamilton College and completed a master's in philosophy at Harvard University.

Since 1982 Moses has developed the nationwide Algebra Project in the United States. He has received a MacArthur Fellowship and other awards for this work, which emphasizes teaching algebra skills to minority students based on broad-based community organizing and collaboration with parents, teachers and students.

Robert Parris Moses graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1952 and received his B.A. from Hamilton College in 1956. He earned an M.A. in philosophy at Harvard; in 1958 he began teaching at the Horace Mann School in the Bronx of New York City.

Moses developed as one of the most influential black leaders of the civil rights struggle, and he had a vision of grassroots and community-based leadership. Although Moses’ leadership style was different from Rev. Martin Luther King’s, King appreciated the contributions that Moses made to the movement, claiming they were inspiring. Moses initiated and organized voter registration drives in the South, sit-ins, and Freedom Schools for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.

He currently runs the Algebra Project, which is a continued effort to improve math education in poor communities with the goal of sending more students to the workforce. Starting as a civil rights leader and transitioning into an advocate for the poor through his work with the Algebra Project, Moses has revolutionized the ideal of equal opportunity and has played a vital role in making it a reality.

Moses began working with civil rights activists in 1960, becoming field secretary for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). As director of the SNCC's Mississippi Project in 1961, Moses traveled to Pike County and Amite County to try to register black voters. Comprising a majority in both counties, despite many people leaving in the Great Migration in the first half of the century, they had been utterly closed out of the political process since 1890. He pushed for the SNCC to engage in a "tactical nonviolence," a matter he discussed in an interview with Robert Penn Warren for the book "Who Speaks for the Negro?".

White Democrats had disfranchised Mississippi's blacks in their 1890 constitution, which required poll taxes, and other barriers, such as residency requirements, and subjective literacy tests. It was nearly impossible for blacks to register and vote. After decades of violence and repression under Jim Crow, by the 1960s most blacks did not bother trying to register. In 1965, only one African American among 5500 in Amite County was registered to vote.

Moses faced nearly relentless violence and official intimidation, and was beaten and arrested in Amite County. He was the first African American to challenge white violence, and filed assault charges against his attacker. The all-white jury acquitted the man, and the judge told Moses he could not protect him, providing him an escort to the county line. The next month in September 1961, E.H. Hurst, a white state legislator, killed Herbert Lee, a 56-year-old married local farmer in Liberty, Mississippi, who had been in a voter registration class. Hurst murdered him in front of a dozen witnesses and was cleared at the inquest that day, claiming self-defense; the courtroom was filled with armed white men. Witness Louis Allen was murdered in early 1964 after being boycotted and harassed for discussing the Lee murder with federal officials. Moses and other organizers had asked for federal protection from the John F. Kennedy administration but the Justice Department did not then provide it.

By 1964 Moses had become Co-Director of the Council of Federated Organizations (COFO), an umbrella organization for the major civil rights groups working in Mississippi. A major leader with SNCC, he was the main organizer of COFO's Freedom Summer project, which was intended to achieve widespread voter registration of blacks in Mississippi, and ultimately, end racial disfranchisement. They planned education and organizing, and a simplified registration system, to demonstrate African-American desire to vote. Moses was one of the calm leaders who kept the group focused.

On June 21, as many of the new volunteers were getting settled and trained in nonviolent resistance, three were reported missing. They were James Chaney, a local African American, and his two Jewish co-leaders Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner, both from New York City. These three young men had gone to investigate a church bombing near Philadelphia, Mississippi. They were arrested on alleged traffic violations and released that night. After an FBI investigation, their decomposed bodies were found six weeks later, buried in an earthen dam. The volunteers were frightened. Moses gathered them together to discuss it; he told the group this was the risk they faced. He said that now that they had seen first-hand what could happen, they had every right to go home. He assured volunteers that no one would blame them for leaving. Everyone stayed.

This was not the first murder of activists in Mississippi or the South, but the Civil Rights Movement had attracted increasing notice from the national media. Many African-American volunteers were angered that publicity appeared to be based on two of the victims being white Northerners. Moses helped ease tensions. The volunteers struggled with the idea of nonviolence, of blacks and whites working together, and related issues. These tensions were enormous, but arguably, Moses's leadership was a major cohesive factor for a number of volunteers staying.

Moses was instrumental in the organizing of the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, a group that challenged the all-white regular Democratic Party delegates from the state at the party's 1964 convention. Because the Democratic Regulars had for decades excluded African Americans from the political process in Mississippi, the MFDP wanted their elected delegates seated at the convention. Their challenge received national media coverage and highlighted the civil rights struggle in the state.

Lyndon Johnson and the Democratic leadership nonetheless prevented any of the MFDP delegation from voting in the convention, giving the official seats to the Jim Crow regulars. Moses and the rest of the SNCC activists were profoundly disillusioned by this decision. Moses was also disturbed by the machinations of liberal Democrats, whom he had invited into COFO, to centralize the Council's decision-making, an effort that seemed to undermine the grassroots participatory democracy of SNCC.

Moses resigned from COFO in late 1964. He later commented that his role had become ‘‘too strong, too central, so that people who did not need to, began to lean on me, to use me as a crutch’’. He temporarily dropped his surname, going by his middle name, Parris, and began participating in the campaign against the Vietnam War. Speaking at the first massive anti-war demonstration on April 17, 1965, at the Washington Monument, Moses linked his opposition to the war to the civil rights struggle. As his involvement in the anti-war movement increased, he took a leave of absence from SNCC to avoid criticisms from fellow members who did not support his stance. Following a trip to Africa in 1965, Moses came to believe that blacks must work independently of whites, and by 1966 Moses had cut off all relationships with whites, even former SNCC activists.

In 1976 Moses returned to the United States and Harvard, doing graduate work in the philosophy of mathematics. He taught high school math in a public high school in Cambridge, Massachusetts, after learning from his daughter that the school was not offering algebra.

In 1982 Moses received a MacArthur Fellowship. He used the award to create the Algebra Project, devoted to improving minority education in math, starting with his daughter's classroom in a Cambridge, Massachusetts public school. Moses also taught math for a time at Lanier High School in Jackson, Mississippi. He used the Lanier classroom as a laboratory school for developing methods and approaches for the Algebra Project, enlisting the support of parents and the community in the project.

In 2005 Moses was selected as one of twelve inaugural Alphonse Fletcher Sr. Fellows by the Fletcher Foundation, which awards substantial grants to scholars and activists working on civil rights issues.

Since 1982, Moses expanded the Algebra Project from teaching math in one school, to supporting these methods for teaching math in over 200 schools across the country by the late 1990s. The Algebra Project's unique approach to school reform intentionally develops models that are sustainable and focused on students. This is achieved by building coalitions of stakeholders within the local communities. The historically underserved population is a big portion of these coalitions.

The Algebra Project works to change common attitudes of our society that routinely promote the exclusion and regression of minorities. The goal of the Algebra Project is to take the students who score the lowest on state math tests and prepare them for college level math by the end of high school. This is done by doubling up on math courses for the four years of high school. The Algebra Project is based in research and development, school development, and community and site development.

In October 2006, the Algebra Project received an award from the National Science Foundation to improve the development of materials for Algebra I. In terms of school development, the Algebra Project strives to provide culturally sensitive, context-based, and site-specific professional development opportunities to teachers. It promotes collaboration of teaching methods and knowledge. The Algebra Project partners with local higher education and research institutions to help teachers develop professionally, trains teachers on new materials, and provides them with programs to get certified.

The Algebra Project collaborates with the Young People's Project to help engage students in their learning process. “YPP uses mathematics literacy as a tool to develop young leaders and organizers who radically change the quality of education and quality of life in their communities so that all children have the opportunity to reach their full human potential.” At its peak, the Algebra Project has provided help to roughly forty-thousand minority students each year. Contributions include curricula guides for kindergarten through high school, the training of teachers, and peer coaching.

Moses believed that Algebra was a critical “gatekeeper” subject because mastering it was necessary in order for middle school students to advance in math, technology, and science. Without algebra, students would not be able to meet the requirements for college. Fifty-five percent of the students following the Algebra Project's curriculum passed the state exam on their first attempt, compared to 40 percent of students following the regular curriculum. More students at junior high school sites who followed the Algebra Project curriculum scored higher on standardized tests and continued to more advanced math classes than did their schoolmates who followed standard curriculum. Thus, they could better meet requirements for college admission and future entry into good jobs.

In 2006 Moses was named a Frank H. T. Rhodes Class of '56 Professor at Cornell University. As a Visiting Scholar at Princeton University, he taught an African American Studies class with Professor Tera Hunter in the Spring 2012 semester.

Moses is teaching high school math in Jackson, Mississippi, and Miami, Florida.

He was identified as a Teaching hero by The My Hero Project.







</doc>
<doc id="2531882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2531882" title="Michael M. Ames">
Michael M. Ames

Michael M. Ames, (June 19, 1933 – February 20, 2006) was a Canadian academic and Professor of Anthropology of the department of anthropology-sociology at the University of British Columbia.

Born in Vancouver, British Columbia, he received a B.A. in anthropology from the University of British Columbia in 1956. He received his Ph.D. in social anthropology from Harvard University in 1961. From 1962 to 1964, he was an assistant professor of sociology at McMaster University. He started at the University of British Columbia as assistant professor in 1964 and became a full professor in 1970.

From 1974 to 1997, he was director of the Museum of Anthropology at the University of British Columbia. From 2002 to 2004, he was also the acting director.

In 1998, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1979 and made a Fellow of the Society for Applied Anthropology in 1996.


</doc>
<doc id="2532933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2532933" title="Ed Ochester">
Ed Ochester

Edwin Frank Ochester (born 1939) is an American poet and editor.

Born September 15 in Brooklyn, New York, he was educated at Cornell University, Harvard University, and the University of Wisconsin–Madison.

Currently he is a core faculty member of the Bennington College MFA Writing Seminars. For nearly twenty years Ochester served as director of the writing program at the University of Pittsburgh, and he was twice elected president of the Association of Writers & Writing Programs. From 1967 to 1970 he was assistant professor of English at University of Florida, Gainesville.

Since 1979 he has served as general editor of the Pitt Poetry Series, published by the University of Pittsburgh Press. It is one of the largest and best known lists of contemporary American poetry by any publisher. He is also general editor of the Drue Heinz Literature Prize for short fiction.

Poets published by Ochester in the Pitt Series include Sharon Olds, Billy Collins, Ted Kooser, Lawrence Joseph, Richard Shelton, Larry Levis, Denise Duhamel, Lynn Emanuel, Bob Hicok, Jim Daniels, Gary Soto, Stuart Dybek, Kathleen Norris, Alicia Ostriker, Toi Derricotte, Dean Young, and David Wojahn.

His book "Dancing on the Edges of Knives" won the 1973 Devins Award for Poetry, and he has won fellowships in poetry from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts.

Ochester is a founding editor of the poetry magazine "5 AM".

Since 1972 he and his wife Britt Horner have lived on a small farm in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. They have two grown children and one grandchild.



"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2002. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000074046.


</doc>
<doc id="2533191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2533191" title="George Washington Adams">
George Washington Adams

George Washington Adams (April 12, 1801 – April 30, 1829) was an American attorney and politician. He was the eldest son of John Quincy Adams, the sixth president of the United States. Adams served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and on the Boston City Council. He died of an apparent suicide at age 28.

George Washington Adams was born in Berlin, the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia, on April 12, 1801. He was a member of the distinguished Adams family. Adams was the eldest son of John Quincy Adams, the sixth president of the United States, who was then serving as a diplomatic representative of the United States, and his English-born wife Louisa Catherine Adams. He was named for the first president. His grandfather John Adams was the first vice president of the United States and also the second president. He was born a month after his grandfather left office.

Adams's grandmother, Abigail Adams, was unhappy with the decision of her son to name the child after George Washington and not after her husband. She thought the decision "ill judged" and "wrong," adding that John Adams also seemed offended. John Quincy Adams's second son John Adams II (1803–1834) was named after his grandfather.

Adams graduated from Harvard University in the Class of 1821 and studied law. After briefly practicing as an attorney, he ran for state office. He was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1826 and served one year. In 1828, Adams served on the Boston City Council. He delivered an Independence Day speech, "An Oration delivered at Quincy, on the Fifth of July, 1824", which was later published as a pamphlet.

Adams disappeared on April 30, 1829 while on board the steamship "Benjamin Franklin" in Long Island Sound during passage from Boston to Washington, D.C. He was last seen at about 2 A.M., and his hat and cloak were found on deck, leading to the conclusion that he had intentionally jumped. His body washed ashore on June 10. An alcoholic, Adams had left notes hinting that he intended to kill himself; he had appeared to be delusional while on the ship, asking the captain to return to shore and declaring that the other passengers were conspiring against him. The consensus in news accounts of the time and among historians subsequently is that he died by suicide by drowning after he jumped from the "Benjamin Franklin".

Adams and his brothers Charles and John were all rivals for the same woman, their cousin Mary Catherine Hellen, who lived with the John Quincy Adams family after the death of her parents. In 1828, John Adams II married Mary Hellen at a ceremony in the White House, and both his brothers refused to attend.

Adams fathered an out-of-wedlock child with a mistress, Eliza Dolph. Dolph was the chambermaid to Dr. Thomas Welsh, the Adams family's Boston doctor. She had a child in December 1828 and was moved to another location so Adams could visit her and the baby in secrecy.


</doc>
<doc id="2534585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2534585" title="Ayi Kwei Armah">
Ayi Kwei Armah

Ayi Kwei Armah (born 28 October 1939) is a Ghanaian writer best known for his novels including "The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born" (1968), "Two Thousand Seasons" (1973) and "The Healers" (1979). He is also an essayist, as well as having written poetry, short stories, and books for children.

Ayi Kwei Armah was born in the port city of Sekondi-Takoradi in Ghana to Fante-speaking parents, descending on his father's side from a royal family in the Ga nation. From 1953 to 1958 Armah attended the Prince of Wales's College (now better known as Achimota School), and won a scholarship to study in the United States, where he was between 1959 and 1963. He attended Groton School in Groton, MA, and after graduating he entered Harvard University, receiving a degree in sociology. He then moved to Algeria and worked as a translator for the magazine "Révolution Africaine". In 1964, he returned to Ghana, where he was a scriptwriter for Ghana Television and later taught English at the Navrongo Secondary School.

Between 1967 and 1968, he was editor of "Jeune Afrique" magazine in Paris. From 1968 to 1970, Armah studied at Columbia University, obtaining his MFA in creative writing. In the 1970s, he worked as a teacher in East Africa, at the College of National Education, Chang'ombe, Tanzania, and at the National University of Lesotho. He subsequently taught at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst, Cornell University, and at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He has lived in Dakar, Senegal, since the 1980s.

In the village of Popenguine, about 70 km from Dakar, he established his own publishing house, Per Ankh: the African Publication Collective, through which his own books are now available.

Beginning his career as a writer in the 1960s, Armah published poems and short stories in the Ghanaian magazine "Okyeame", and in "Harper's Magazine", "The Atlantic Monthly", and "New African". His first novel, "The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born", was published in 1968, and tells the story of a nameless man who struggles to reconcile himself with the reality of post-independence Ghana.

In "Fragments" (1970), the protagonist, Baako, is a "been-to" – a man who has been to the United States and received his education there. Back in Ghana he is regarded with superstitious awe as a link to the Western lifestyle. Baako's grandmother Naana, a blind-seer, stands in living contact with the ancestors. Under the strain of the unfulfilled expectations Baako finally breaks. As in his first novel, Armah contrasts the two worlds of materialism and moral values, corruption and dreams, two worlds of integrity and social pressure.

"Why Are We So Blest?" (1972) was set largely in an American university, and focused on a student, Modin Dofu, who has dropped out of Harvard. Disillusioned Modin is torn between independence and Western values. He meets a Portuguese black African named Solo, who has already suffered a mental breakdown, and a white American girl, Aimée Reitsch. Solo, the rejected writer, keeps a diary, which is the substance of the novel. Aimée's frigidity and devotion to the revolution leads finally to destruction, when Modin is killed in the desert by OAS revolutionaries.

The trans-Atlantic and African slave trades are the subject of Armah's "Two Thousand Seasons" (1973), in which a pluralized communal voice speaks through the history of Africa, its wet and dry seasons, from a period of one thousand years. Arab and European oppressors are portrayed as "predators," "destroyers," and "zombies". The novel is written in allegorical tone, and shifts from autobiographical and realistic details to philosophical pondering, prophesying a new age.

"The Healers" (1979) mixed fact and fiction about the fall of the Ashanti Empire. The healers in question are traditional medicine practitioners who see fragmentation as the lethal disease of Africa.

Armah remained silent as a novelist for a long period until 1995, when he published "Osiris Rising", depicting a radical educational reform group that reinstates ancient Egypt at the centre of its curriculum.

Belonging to the generation of African writers after Chinua Achebe and Wole Soyinka, Armah has been said to "epitomize an era of intense despair." Armah's later work in particular has evoked strong reaction from many critics. While "Two Thousand Seasons" has been called dull and verbose, or the product of a "philosophy of paranoia, an anti-racist racism – in short, Negritude reborn" Soyinka has written that Armah's vision "frees itself of borrowed philosophies in its search for unifying, harmonizing ideal for a distinctive humanity."

As an essayist, Armah has dealt with the identity and predicament of Africa. His main concern is for the creation of a pan-African agency that will embrace all the diverse cultures and languages of the continent. Armah has called for the adoption of Kiswahili as the continental language.

Novels
For children
Non-fiction





</doc>
<doc id="2535577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2535577" title="James Warren (politician)">
James Warren (politician)

James Warren (September 28, 1726 – November 28, 1808) was the President of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress and a Paymaster General of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, among other positions. He is also famous as the husband of Mercy Otis Warren and for his outspoken courage as an Anti-Federalist. General James Warren is sometimes confused with the two other Massachusetts Revolutionaries, the brothers Joseph Warren and John Warren, but they were not at all closely related, merely had similar names and views.

James Warren was born, raised and died in Plymouth, Massachusetts. He was descended from Mayflower passengers Richard Warren and Edward Doty. Warren graduated from Harvard in 1745, and in 1747 succeeded his father as sheriff of Plymouth County, Massachusetts.

In 1754 Warren married his second cousin Mercy Otis Warren, who like him was also descended from Edward Doty. The couple had five sons: James (1757–1821), Winslow (1759–1791), Charles (1762–1784), Henry (1764–1828), and George (1766–1800). Mercy Warren was the daughter of James Otis Sr. and sister of Warren's firebrand lawyer friend James Otis Jr., as well as a historian, poet and playwright. She hosted political meetings in their home, and also became known for her correspondence, including with Abigail Adams, John Adams and Catherine Macauley. With her husband's support Mercy Warren, published at least two political plays, "The Adulateur" (in 1772) and "The after the war, a volume of poetry (in 1790) and "History of the American Revolution" (in 1805).

A farmer and merchant as well as trained as a lawyer, Warren became an outspoken critic of British governmental policies following the Stamp Act of 1765. He began a twelve-year term in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court in 1766, and was elected its speaker in 1775. Following the colony's break from Britain, in 1776 Warren was elected a member of the Provincial Congress. A member of the Sons of Liberty, Warren worked closely with his father-in-law and brother-in-law (both James Otis), and with Samuel and John Adams.

Warren was more prominent in the early days of the Revolution than in the war itself. He fought in the Battle of Bunker Hill, and after Dr. Joseph Warren died in that engagement, succeeded him as President of the Provisional Congress. Warren also served as Paymaster General of the Continental Army from 1776, and on the Naval Board. He thus worked closely with George Washington throughout the conflict. Commissioned a major general in the Massachusetts militia over his wife's opposition, Warren refused to serve under Continental Army officers of lesser rank whom he had worked with as Paymaster General. Claiming illness, he refused to accept command in Rhode Island, then resigned his state commission in 1777. His duties within mostly British-occupied Massachusetts meant Warren took no part in battles after military action moved away from Boston. However, his son U.S. Navy Lieutenant James Warren Jr. lost a leg in a naval engagement. Another son, Lieutenant Winslow Warren died in the Battle of the Wabash in the Northwest Territory, the greatest defeat of the U.S. Army by Native Americans in the United States and part of the Northwest Indian War. He was a charter member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1780).

After the Revolutionary War, Warren became controversial as an Anti-Federalist, opposing the new Constitution. Both he and Mercy submitted essays to the local newspaper as "Helvitius Priscus". Mercy Warren also wrote a pamphlet (Observations on the New Constitution) under the pen-name "A Columbian Patriot". However, their political stance put them at odds with some of Boston's mercantile elite, including Governor John Hancock (who helped Warren's opponent in an election for Lieutenant Governor), and his former ally Samuel Adams.

James Warren is buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth, Massachusetts, as is his wife (who survived him by six years). Their son Lieutenant Winslow Warren, is buried in Ohio. Other sons became distinguished doctors, lawyers and merchants in Boston. Their great-great grandson, Charles Warren became a distinguished lawyer and historian.


</doc>
<doc id="2537298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2537298" title="Stewart Perowne">
Stewart Perowne

Stewart Henry Perowne OBE, KStJ, FSA, FRSA (17 June 1901 – 10 May 1989) was a British diplomat, archaeologist, explorer and historian who wrote books on the history and antiquities of the Mediterranean. Despite his homosexuality, in 1947 he married the explorer and travel writer Freya Stark. The marriage was dissolved in 1952.

Born in Hallow, Worcestershire, into a distinguished ecclesiastical family, Stewart Perowne was the grandson of John Perowne, the Bishop of Worcester, and the son of Helena Frances (née Oldnall-Russell) (1869–1922) and Arthur William Thomson Perowne, who was the first Bishop of Bradford and subsequently also Bishop of Worcester. His older brother was Francis Edward Perowne (1898–1988). His younger brother, Leslie Arthur Perowne (1906–1997), was Head of Music at the BBC and was responsible for bringing Albert Ketèlbey out of retirement to conduct a huge BBC Ketèlbey Concert at the Royal Albert Hall prior to World War II.

Perowne was educated at Haileybury College, where he was a champion sprinter, and at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, where he studied Classical Archaeology and Architecture He then studied at Harvard where he gained a graduate degree in Classics. He went to Palestine in 1927 under the British Mandate, as Head of Education in the Palestine Government Education Service, teaching at the Anglican St George's School in Jerusalem. He became fluent in spoken and written Arabic. In 1930 Perowne transferred to the administrative branch of the Palestine Government, working for a time as Assistant District Commissioner for Galilee. In 1931 he was appointed an Officer of the Venerable Order of Saint John.

Perowne later served in Malta, Aden, Iraq, Barbados, Libya and Israel. He was awarded the Coronation Medal in 1937. In 1938 Perowne worked for the BBC, preparing talks and features for transmission by the overseas Arabic service. In the same year he deposited a collection of potsherds with the British Museum, most of which are of Bronze Age type and probably derive from the ancient site of Subr. In 1939 he was appointed Public Information Officer in Aden, where he developed a passion for archaeology, and where he discovered the seventh century BC sites of Imadiya and Beihan. In 1941 Perowne was appointed Public Relations Officer to the British embassy in Baghdad. In 1944 he succeeded the scholar Vyvyan Holt as oriental counsellor.

During his diplomatic postings he designed stamps for Malta (1936), the Aden Protectorate (1938), Barbados (1949), Libya (1951), and currency notes for the West Indies Federation (1949) and Libya (1951).

Because of his career as a diplomat it was expected that Perowne should marry. As a homosexual he decided to embark on a mariage blanc, and on 7 October 1947 he married the explorer and travel writer Freya Stark at St Margaret's church in Westminster. She was his senior by eight years and had been his assistant in Yemen when he was Information Officer. Stark's biographer has argued that she may not have known of Perowne's homosexuality, and of his taste for men in uniform. "In 1947 people's sexual proclivities were still part of their private lives and … no one among Freya's friends seemed able to warn her of the pitfalls of marriage to a homosexual." Confused as to why Perowne would not sleep with her, she wrote to him, "I think you have left something lying between us, untold. Whatever it is, it will not make me think less of you or care less for you." Eventually, after skirting around the subject, he wrote to her:
It is difficult to say what "normal" is – my friend a counsellor of St. George's Hospital always refuses to use the word and in both men and women, you have a wide and graded range from ultra-male to ultra-female with naturally most people in the middle ranges ... Now for myself, I put myself in the middle group. I have ordinary male abilities. I like male sports some of them, and I love the company of women. In fact, I find it hard to exist without it. At the same time, I am occasionally attracted by members of my own sex – generally. For some even pleasurable reason – by wearers of uniform.
Despite their similar interests the marriage could not survive and they divorced in 1952. There were no children.

In 1947 Perowne was appointed Colonial Secretary to Barbados where he was a member of the island's Legislative Council before becoming political adviser in Cyrenaica from 1950 to 1951. Here he discovered the ancient city-site of Aziris. Taking early retirement in 1951, after his divorce in 1952 he returned to Palestine, now the State of Israel, where he assisted Weston Henry Stewart, the Anglican Bishop in Jerusalem in designing and organising model villages for Palestinian Arabs who had been made refugees as a result of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. He was an Adviser to the UK delegation to the UN Assembly in Paris in November 1951. During this period he also began to write, his first book being "Jerusalem, The One Remains" (1954). Later books included "The Life and Times of Herod the Great" (1958), "The Later Herods" (1958), "Hadrian" (1960), "Caesars and Saints" (1962), "The End of the Roman World" (1966), and "The Death of the Roman Republic" (1969). Other books among the 18 he wrote include guides to Athens, Jerusalem, Rome and Malta. In addition, he was a frequent contributor to various edited works, encyclopaedias and academic journals, including "Antiquity". Perowne was appointed OBE in 1944 and a Knight of the Venerable Order of Saint John (KStJ) in 1955. In 1957 he was named Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries (FSA). He was a Member of the Church of England Foreign Relations Council and a long-standing member of the famous Travellers' Club in Pall Mall, London.

Perowne's closing years were spent in the Distressed Gentlefolks' Aid Association's care home in Vicarage Gate, Kensington, London. He died in 1989 at Charing Cross Hospital in London aged 87 years old. He was survived by his former wife, Freya Stark.





</doc>
<doc id="2542335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2542335" title="Carl A. P. Ruck">
Carl A. P. Ruck

Carl A. P. Ruck (born December 8, 1935, Bridgeport, Connecticut), is a professor in the Classical Studies department at Boston University. He received his B.A. at Yale University, his M.A. at the University of Michigan, and a Ph.D. at Harvard University. He lives in Hull, Massachusetts.

Carl Ruck is best known for his work along with other scholars in mythology and religion on the sacred role of entheogens, or psychoactive plants that induce an altered state of consciousness, as used in religious or shamanistic rituals. His focus has been on the use of entheogens in classical western culture, as well as their historical influence on modern western religions. He currently teaches a mythology class at Boston University that presents this theory in depth.

The book "The Road to Eleusis: Unveiling the Secret of the Mysteries," co-authored by Ruck with Albert Hofmann and R. Gordon Wasson, makes a case that the psycho-active ingredient in the secret kykeion potion used in the Eleusinian mysteries was most likely the ergotism causing fungus "Claviceps purpurea". Furthermore the book introduced for the first time the term "entheogen" as an alternative for terms such as "psychedelic", "hallucinogen" and "drug" that can be misleading in certain contexts.

"The Apples of Apollo: Pagan and Christian Mysteries of the Eucharist" (2001) explores the role that entheogens in general, and "Amanita muscaria" in particular, played in Greek and biblical mythology and later on in Renaissance painting, most notably in the Isenheim Altarpiece by Matthias Grünewald.

In January 2003 Ruck came to public attention commenting on a book by the cannabis activist Chris Bennett. He was quoted in "The Guardian", and then wrote an article for the Sunday Times. His later work explored entheogenic connections to the Roman cult of Mithras.




</doc>
<doc id="2549231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2549231" title="Paul DePodesta">
Paul DePodesta

Paul DePodesta (born December 16, 1972) is an American football executive and former baseball executive who is the chief strategy officer for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). He previously served as a front-office assistant for the Cleveland Indians, Oakland Athletics, and New York Mets. DePodesta was also general manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers. The year after leading the Dodgers to their first playoff win in 16 years, he was fired after the 2005 club finished with its worst record in 11 years. He was the ninth general manager in the club's history since its move to Los Angeles. He is also known for his appearance in the book and movie "Moneyball" about his time with the Athletics.

DePodesta is a native of Alexandria, Virginia, where he grew up with Thad Levine. He attended Episcopal High School ('91) and then Harvard University, where he played baseball and football and graduated in 1995 with a degree in economics. He has worked for the Baltimore Stallions of the Canadian Football League and the Baltimore Bandits of the American Hockey League.

In 1996, DePodesta got his first baseball job with the Cleveland Indians, where he spent three seasons. He served as an advance scout for two years and in his final month with the club was appointed special assistant to general manager John Hart.

In 1999, he joined the Oakland Athletics organization as an assistant to general manager Billy Beane. DePodesta was a key figure in Michael Lewis's book "Moneyball". The book thrust the analytical principles of sabermetrics into the mainstream.

At the age of 31, DePodesta was named general manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers on February 16, 2004, making him the fifth-youngest general manager in baseball history, behind Jon Daniels (28) of the Texas Rangers, Theo Epstein (28) of the Boston Red Sox, Andrew Friedman (28) of the Tampa Bay Rays, and Randy Smith (29) of the San Diego Padres.

DePodesta's reliance on sabermetric principles has been somewhat controversial. He is often considered part of a new breed of front-office executives whose personnel decisions depend heavily on analysis of performance data, often at the perceived expense of more traditional methods of scouting and observation.

One of DePodesta's most notable moves was made at the 2004 trading deadline. He traded catcher Paul Lo Duca, relief pitcher Guillermo Mota and outfielder Juan Encarnación to the Florida Marlins in exchange for pitcher Brad Penny, first baseman Hee Seop Choi and pitcher Bill Murphy, in what was reportedly an attempt to pick up pieces to acquire pitcher Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks. DePodesta was heavily criticized in the local and national baseball media for this trade, because Lo Duca was thought to be the "heart and soul" of the team. The Dodgers made the playoffs anyway, with Penny developing into one of the better pitchers in the National League during his stint with the Dodgers, which lasted until the end of the 2008 season. Choi, however, was a disappointment, batting just .161 in 2004 and .253 in 2005, and striking out 80 times in 320 at bats. Bill Murphy was traded that year to acquire Steve Finley, who hit 13 homers in 58 games, including a memorable grand slam that clinched the division title. Lo Duca played through 2005 with the Marlins and then went to the New York Mets, the Washington Nationals and back to the Marlins, making his final Major League appearance in September 2008.

During the 2004 off-season, Adrián Beltré, who had hit 48 home runs in 2004, signed with Seattle as a free agent, spurning DePodesta's offer of 3 years for $30 million for Seattle's offer of 5 years for $64 million. DePodesta signed J. D. Drew, Jeff Kent, and Derek Lowe. Drew enjoyed two productive seasons as a Dodger and then used an opt-out clause in his contract to sign a new 5-year deal with the Boston Red Sox. Both Kent and Lowe put in four productive seasons for the Dodgers and cut ties with the franchise at the end of the 2008 season with Kent retiring and Lowe signing a contract with the Atlanta Braves.

Coming off the successes of 2004, the 2005 season saw the Dodgers lose a number of players to significant stints on the disabled list. Many of the players lost to injury were expected to produce heavily for the team, including J. D. Drew, Milton Bradley, Éric Gagné, Jayson Werth, César Izturis and Odalis Pérez. The 2005 season resulted in the team's worst record since 1992 and second worst since moving to Los Angeles in 1958. On October 29, 2005, Dodgers owner Frank McCourt fired DePodesta, citing his desire to see the club win and that DePodesta had not met those expectations. Reports surfaced that the real reason McCourt had fired DePodesta was his inability to find satisfactory managerial candidates to replace Jim Tracy. He was later replaced by Ned Colletti, who hired Grady Little as manager. Some have speculated that McCourt fired DePodesta in response to media criticism from "Los Angeles Times" sports columnists T.J. Simers and Bill Plaschke, who were vehemently "anti-Moneyball" and referred to DePodesta pejoratively as "Google Boy."

On June 30, 2006, DePodesta was hired as the Special Assistant for Baseball Operations for the San Diego Padres and was promoted to Executive Vice President on November 10, 2008.

On November 8, 2010, DePodesta was hired as the vice president of player development and scouting for the New York Mets by general manager Sandy Alderson, with whom DePodesta worked when Alderson was CEO of the Padres.

On January 5, 2016, DePodesta was hired by the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL) as their chief strategy officer.

In 2003, author Michael Lewis was interested in how Oakland Athletics general manager (GM) Billy Beane tried to find quality players to improve the team while struggling with one of the smallest payrolls in Major League Baseball. He first wanted to write an article on the subject, but the idea eventually blossomed into a book named "". Lewis's interests included how Beane hired DePodesta as his assistant to incorporate sabermetrics, an approach that consists of more sophisticated analyses of baseball statistics, which is at least partially credited for their 2002 20-game winning streak which set an American League record.

Lewis's book examines the lives and careers of various baseball personalities and explains the art of sabermetrics. Bill James, who coined the term sabermetrics for the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR), is also a major focus. James published "The Bill James Baseball Abstract" from 1977 to 1988 and wrote several sabermetrics books. Beane and DePodesta had studied James's work and were inspired by his knowledge of baseball analysis.

DePodesta did not feel comfortable in the spotlight after the book's release, nor did he care for the secrets revealed about his scouting methods. The book earned DePodesta a reputation as a cold calculator, choosing players based only on their numbers. In addition, he was thought of as a guy who knew nothing of "real baseball."

In reality, DePodesta played football in college and wanted to be a football coach, seen in a photo wearing number 17. After graduating from Harvard with a degree in economics, he became an intern for the Canadian Football League's Baltimore Stallions in 1995. In early 1996, he got his first baseball job with the Cleveland Indians, where he worked as a scout. In October 1996, at age 24, he was promoted to the position of advance scout. In October 1998, he became assistant to the General Manager for the team. Those experiences led to him being hired by Beane as his assistant with the Oakland A's in November 1998.

When the movie "Moneyball" was adapted from the book, DePodesta did not approve of the way his character was portrayed. "There were a handful of things. Some were factual, others were more ephemeral." He had no objection to Jonah Hill's performance. "Jonah was awesome. He was so respectful of me and my time. It would have been flattering to be portrayed by someone of his expertise. It had nothing to do with the casting," DePodesta said in 2010. "I just could never get comfortable with the idea of somebody else portraying me to the rest of the world. Like any movie, to make it interesting, there has to be some conflict there. In some respects, a lot of the conflict is going to revolve around my character, and that was never really the case in reality," he said in 2011. He also talked about the focus that was brought on him, first in 2003 and again in 2011. "The other problem was I wasn't all that interested in the attention. It had already happened from the book. And I didn't necessarily need to relive it."

The role was originally going to be given DePodesta's name and portrayed by Demetri Martin, but DePodesta did not want his name or likeness to be used in the movie, so the character was named Peter Brand. Brand is a composite of Beane's assistants in Oakland, not an accurate representation of any specific person. But "Moneyball"s director, Bennett Miller, has credited DePodesta for being generous and helpful in the making of the film. Hill was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his performance.

DePodesta is married to artist and philanthropist Karen Deicas and has three sons and a daughter. In 2016, Deicas launched the Sports Mind Institute, which seeks to connect lessons learned from figures in professional sports, athletes, team executives, and coaches, to help others apply them to life and the business sector. The family resides in the La Jolla neighborhood of San Diego, California.

On December 13, 2012, DePodesta was elected to the Board of Directors of Sears Holdings Corporation. He has also served as a keynote speaker at numerous business conventions and been recognized by several publications, including "Baseball Prospectus" and "Fortune Magazine", which named him one of the Top 10 innovators under the age of 40.

He appeared uncredited on several episodes of "".



</doc>
<doc id="2558339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2558339" title="Leonard Woods">
Leonard Woods

Leonard Woods (June 19, 1774 – August 24, 1854) was an American theologian. He was widely known for upholding orthodox Calvinism over Unitarianism.

In 1796, Woods graduated from Harvard, and was soon ordained pastor in 1798 of the Congregational Church at West Newbury, MA. He was the first professor of Andover Theological Seminary and between 1808 and 1846, occupied the seminary's chair of Christian theology. He helped establish several societies including the American Tract Society, the American Education Society, the Temperance Society, and the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. Woods was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1812.

Woods was also an influential and outspoken proponent of slavery in the run-up to the American Civil War. His tract, "Conscience and Constitution", argued slavery was a divinely sanctioned institution. He helped organize a petition drive among ministers to support the Compromise of 1850 and help stamp out antislavery clergy.

His six primary works are:




</doc>
<doc id="2560871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2560871" title="Perry Mehrling">
Perry Mehrling

Perry G. Mehrling (born August 14, 1959) is professor of economics at Pardee School of Global Studies at Boston University. He was professor of economics at Barnard College in New York City for 30 years. He specializes in the study of financial theory within the history of economics.

Perry Gandhi Mehrling received an A.B (magna cum laude), a Ph.D. from Harvard University and an M.Sc. from the London School of Economics. Mehrling was valedictorian of the class of 1977 at Boston Latin School. He was a professor in the Economics Department at Barnard College/Columbia University for 30 years until 2017 and is the Director of Educational Programs at the Institute for New Economic Thinking, a global not-for-profit organization dedicated to changing the way economics is currently taught. He teaches the hugely popular "Economics of Money and Banking" MOOC on the Coursera website.

Mehrling is the author of "The Money Interest and the Public Interest: American Monetary Thought, 1920-1970" as well as a recent biography of Fischer Black, "Fischer Black and the Revolutionary Idea of Finance".

He wrote his thesis under Meghnad Desai and Douglas Gale at the London School of Economics. It was published by the University of Chicago's Journal of Political Economy. It synthesized differential game-theoretic models of capitalism, due to Kelvin Lancaster and Richard M. Goodwin. Gale's general equilibrium handbooks on monetary economics acknowledge Merhling's assistance.

Perry Mehrling's brainchild, the "Money View", is a monetary-financial school of thought that links the (usually separate) intellectual realms of economics and finance. It offers an integrated approach for conceptualizing money, finance and (shadow) banking, which it sees as the fundamental infrastructure of capitalism. Other than most economic theories, it denotes analytical importance to the notion of liquidity as well as to the centrality of profit-seeking dealers as market makers.
The Money View has first been developed, formulated and put forward by Mehrling and is now - despite still being an academic minority view - popularized by scholars, central bankers and market practitioners around the world.

The speciality of the Money View it its ability to adequately synthesize current features of our integrated monetary and financial system, which Mehrling describes as "'money market funding of capital market lending"', a.k.a. shadow banking, by paying attention to both the money market and the capital market.

The Money View includes elements of theories and insights by H.P. Minsky, Charles Kindleberger, Marcia Stigum, to name just a few.

Money, as a means of payment, to facilitate (final) settlement. Credit, as a promise to pay (money). Finance, to facilitate valuation of promises to pay. Banking, as a means of allocation of credit.

Inspired by Minsky's Hierarchy of Money, the Money View recognizes the "de facto" inequality of economic agents or entire countries in their capacity to issue something called money. A privileged few at the top of the hierarchy may issue money while the rest can only issue mere promises to pay money, i.e. credit (further down the hierarchy). The US dollar is at the top of the international hierarchy of money.

The Money View is inherently political. Its political dimensions are manifold and include the following:


The Money View relies on comparatively few assumptions and uses reason as the primary source of knowledge. Generally, its analytical framework is based on viewing every monetary entity in terms of their stylized balance sheet, which serves as basic tools for asset-liability management, i.e. to measure sources and uses of funding.

The Money View has been categorized by Zoltan Pozsar as 'monetary reality' (in contrast to monetary theory) because of its reliance on balance sheets and T-accounts.



</doc>
<doc id="2563165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2563165" title="Albert K. Cohen">
Albert K. Cohen

Albert K. Cohen (June 15, 1918 – November 25, 2014) was a prominent American criminologist. He is known for his Subcultural Theory of delinquent urban gangs, including his influential book "." He has served as Vice President of the American Society of Criminology from 1984–1985 and in 1993 he received the society's Edwin H. Sutherland award.

Albert Cohen was a student of Talcott Parsons and wrote a Ph.D. under his inspiration. Parsons and Cohen continued to correspond also after Cohen left Harvard. In his 1955 work, "Delinquent Boys: The Culture of the Gang", Cohen wrote about delinquent gangs and suggested in his theoretical discussion how such gangs attempted to "replace" society's common norms and values with their own sub-cultures. He proposed two basic ideologies, the first of which is called status frustration.

Status frustration is directed mainly to the young people of lower classes. There is no parallel between their own social realities and the rest of society's promoted goals. They become frustrated at the disadvantages and inequalities that they face, and this leads to Cohen's second principle; reaction formation.

Reaction formation is the reaction from status frustration, and the young men of the lower classes find themselves replacing their society's norms and values with alternative ones. I.e. instead of working hard being the common goal for respect, it may become a delinquent act like who commits the most vandalism to gain the respect. This provides the group with a sense of values and status which they cannot receive from the larger society. It is a process which allows the members of the groups to adapt to their own exclusion from society. Unlike Merton's strain theory, Cohen holds the view that the reaction to status frustration is a collective response rather than an individual one.

This theory accounts for the increasing rates of non-utilitarian crime (vandalism, loitering and joyriding) in western societies. Although actions such as these do not provide monetary gain to the perpetrator, they come to hold value to members of the sub-culture. As such, becoming accessible means of achieving status and prestige among the individual's peer group.

Albert Cohen graduated from Harvard University with honors in sociology in 1948.


</doc>
<doc id="2563785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2563785" title="Sandra Scarr">
Sandra Scarr

Sandra Wood Scarr (born August 8, 1936) is an American psychologist and writer. She was the first female full professor in psychology in the history of Yale University. She established core resources for the study of development, including the Minnesota Transracial Adoption Study and the Minnesota Adolescent Adoption Study. She served as president of multiple societies including the Association for Psychological Science and was honoured with multiple awards including the James McKeen Cattell Fellow Award. She was also active in the development of commercial childcare. Her work with twins in the 1960s revealed strong genetic influences on intellectual development. One of her key findings was that this differed with race and socioeconomic status (SES), with poor and non-white children showing less genetic influence on their IQ and more environmental influence. She demonstrated a successful intervention in premature infants, showing that stimulation improved their health and developmental outcomes.

At Minnesota, she and Richard A. Weinberg found that black and interracial children adopted early into white homes initially had outcomes more similar to the white average, suggesting a role of family environment early in life. By their teens, adoptees with two black birth parents achieved lower scores than did adoptees with one or no black birth parents, suggesting a genetic component to race differences in IQ.

Along with the Scarr-Rowe effect of socio-economic status on the heritability of intelligence, another key intellectual landmark established by Scarr was that "Rather than the home environment having a cumulative impact across development, its influence "wanes" from early childhood to adolescence." She sought also to advance scientific psychology, and in 1991 co-founded "Current Directions In Psychological Science". She retired to, and continues to live in Hawaii.

Scarr was the child of school teacher Jane Powell Wood and John Ruxton Wood, a US Army physician, who in 1942 was appointed director of Army Research Laboratories at Edgewood Arsenal and who in 1950 headed the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research. Scarr spent most of her childhood in the Chesapeake Bay area and went to the Bryn Mawr School for Girls and the National Cathedral School. After completing her undergraduate studies at Vassar College in 1958, where she was involved in undergraduate research with Harriet Zuckerman, Scarr worked for a couple of years first at a family and child service and then at National Institute of Mental Health as a research assistant. In 1960 she enrolled at Harvard University, from where she earned her Ph.D. in psychology in 1965, specializing in developmental psychology and behavioural genetics. During graduate school, she married fellow sociology student Harry Scarr with whom she has a son, Phillip (1962).

Though she initially had a difficult time finding a job because she had a child, she eventually taught at the University of Maryland, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Minnesota, and Yale University. She was the first woman full professor in psychology in the history of Yale University. In 1983 she accepted a position as Commonwealth Professor and chair of the psychology department at the University of Virginia, where she remained until her retirement.

In 1990, Scarr was invited to join the Board of the KinderCare Learning Centers, the nation's largest child care company. In 1993, she was elected chairman of the Board and in 1995 became CEO and chairman of KinderCare. While at KinderCare, Scarr instituted NAEYC accreditation for the centers and worked to improve the wages and working conditions of center staffs. In 1997, KinderCare was bought by Kohlberg, Kravitz, and Roberts Investments, and Scarr retired.

In the 1960s, Scarr studied identical and fraternal twins' aptitude and school achievement scores. The study revealed that intellectual development was heavily influenced by genetic ability, especially among more advantaged children. It also showed that on average, black children demonstrated less genetic and more environmental influence on their intelligence than white children. Scarr also collaborated with Margaret Williams on a clinical study which demonstrated that premature birth infants who receive stimulation gain weight faster and recover faster than babies left in isolation (the practice at that time).

In 1972 she married fellow researcher Philip Salapatek, with whom she also coauthored papers. They had a daughter, Stephanie (November 1973). They moved to Minnesota, where Scarr started working with Richard A. Weinberg, on the Minnesota Transracial Adoption Study. This study concluded that black and interracial children adopted early into white homes had IQ and school achievement scores that averaged similar to those of white children.

In another adoption study, Minnesota Adolescent Adoption Study, Scarr and Weinberg showed that adolescents, adopted in the first few months of life, did not resemble their adoptive parents or other children adopted into the same family. In Scarr's words: "Rather than the home environment having a cumulative impact across development, its influence "wanes" from early childhood to adolescence." (emphasis in original). As of 1995, the study was among the largest of its kind in the United States, together with the Colorado Adoption Project and the Texas Adoption Project; its results had seen some replication.

Scarr served as President of the Society for Research in Child Development, the Association for Psychological Science, the Council of Graduate Departments of Psychology, and the Behavior Genetics Association. She was elected to the American Psychological Association's Board of Directors in 1988, but resigned in 1990. Scarr was also a founding member of the American Psychological Society (now the Association for Psychological Science) and was chief executive officer of KinderCare Learning Centers from 1995 to 1997.

Scarr was honored by her colleagues with research awards: Distinguished Contributions to Research on Public Policy (American Psychological Association), James McKeen Cattell Award (Association for Psychological Science), and the Dobzhansky Award for Lifetime Achievement (Behavior Genetics Association). She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, American Association for the Advancement of Science, and other scientific societies.

In 1991, together with C. Randy Gallistel she co-founded the journal "Current Directions In Psychological Science". In 1995, she was a signatory of a collective statement titled "Mainstream Science on Intelligence", written by Linda Gottfredson and published in the "Wall Street Journal". Scarr wrote a mixed review of "The Bell Curve", agreeing with the general presentation of the data, disagreeing about some specific issues of interpretation, and disapproving of the book's policy recommendations. Scarr also disapproved of Hans Eysenck's book "Race, Intelligence and Education", which she described as "generally inflammatory" and insulting to "almost everyone except WASPs and Jews".

In 1991, together with Claire Ernhart, Scarr was involved as an expert witness on behalf of the lead industry in the lawsuit "United States v. Sharon Steel Corp.", on the opposite side of Herbert Needleman who was testifying for the U.S. Justice Department owing to his research on the relationship between lead exposure and IQ. The federal court asked Scarr and Ernhart to examine the research of Herbert Needleman to determine whether or not it supported his claims. After reviewing his data collection and analyses, Scarr and Ernhart filed charges of scientific misconduct against Needleman with the National Institutes of Health. NIH forwarded the complaint to the University of Pittsburgh, which found that Needleman didn't "fabricate, falsify or plagiarize", but a Preliminary Inquiry Panel said it could not exclude the possibility that "misrepresentation" had occurred. When the trial was declared open to the public, Scarr initially refused to come and later when she was persuaded she constantly refused to answer questions. Scarr received money from the lead industry for consulting services which creates a conflict of interest.

Scarr retired to Hawaii in 1997, where she learned scuba diving, even obtaining a rescue diver certification. She also traveled "a lot, especially on cruise ships".




</doc>
<doc id="2567427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2567427" title="Glenn Hubbard (economist)">
Glenn Hubbard (economist)

Robert Glenn Hubbard (born September 4, 1958) is an American economist and academic. He served as the Dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Business from 2004 to 2019, where he remains the Russell L. Carson Professor of Finance and Economics. On September 13, 2018 he announced that he would retire from his position after his contract expired on June 30, 2019. Hubbard previously served as Deputy Assistant Secretary at the U.S. Department of the Treasury from 1991 to 1993, and as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers from 2001 to 2003.

Hubbard is a Visiting Scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute, where he studies tax policy and health care.

Born September 4, 1958, Hubbard was raised in Apopka, Florida, a suburb of Orlando, Florida. His father taught at a local community college and his mother taught at a high school. Hubbard's younger brother, Gregg, is a member of the country-pop band Sawyer Brown.

Hubbard is an Eagle Scout. A member of the chess team, he was a stellar student who graduated at the top of his class. He scored well enough on his College Level Examination Program to enter the University of Central Florida with enough credits to graduate with two degrees in three years. He obtained his B.A. and B.S. degrees "summa cum laude" from the University of Central Florida in 1979, and his masters and Ph.D. in economics from Harvard University in 1983.

Hubbard has been at Columbia University since 1988, being Russell L. Carson Professor of Finance and Economics since 1994.

He was named Dean of Columbia Business School on July 1, 2004.

Hubbard was Deputy Assistant Secretary at the U.S. Department of the Treasury from 1991 to 1993.

From February 2001 until March 2003, Hubbard was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors under President George W. Bush. A supply-side economist, he was instrumental in the design of the 2003 Bush Tax cuts—an issue which split the economics profession on ideological lines, with
those leaning left opposed and those leaning right supportive. See Economists' statement opposing the Bush tax cuts.

He was tipped by some media outlets to be a candidate for the position of Chairman of the Federal Reserve when Alan Greenspan retired, although he was not nominated for the position.

Hubbard served as economic advisor to the 2012 presidential campaign of Mitt Romney, a position he also held during Romney's 2008 presidential campaign. In August 2012, "Politico" identified Hubbard as "a likely Romney appointee as Federal Reserve chairman or Treasury secretary".

Hubbard was an economic advisor for the Jeb Bush 2016 presidential campaign. After Trump became the presumptive nominee, Hubbard was mentioned as a potential Treasury secretary (which eventually went to Steven Mnuchin), and also as a potential Fed chair, a role expected to become open in February 2018. Hubbard had been critical of both Trump and Clinton, including after Bush had suspended. In August 2016, Hubbard declined say which candidate he supported in the general election, but did say that Trump's taxation plans and their impact on economic growth were in a "direction" somewhat better than Clinton's plans. Hubbard criticized Trump's plans on trade and immigration for their predicted economic impact.

Hubbard serves as co-chair of the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation.

Hubbard is a member of the Board of Directors of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., BlackRock Closed-End Funds, Capmark Financial Corporation, Duke Realty Corporation, KKR Financial Corporation and Ripplewood Holdings. He is also a Director or Trustee of the Economic Club of New York, Tax Foundation, Resources for the Future, Manhattan Council and Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, New York, and a member of the Advisory Board of the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse... Director of MetLife and Metropolitan Life Insurance Company since February 2007.

Hubbard is currently a board member of:

On January 8, 2019, he was appointed to become MetLife's non-executive chairman of the board as of May 1, 2019, upon the retirement of Steven A. Kandarian.

Hubbard was interviewed in Charles Ferguson's Oscar-winning documentary film, "Inside Job" (2010), discussing his advocacy, as chief economic advisor to the Bush Administration, of deregulation. Ferguson argues that deregulation led to the 2008 international banking crisis sparked by the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the sale of Merrill Lynch. In the interview, Ferguson asks Hubbard to enumerate the firms from whom he receives outside income as an advisory board member in the context of possible conflict of interest. Hubbard, hitherto cooperative, declines to answer and threatens to end the interview with the remark, "You have three more minutes; give it your best shot." After the release of the film, Columbia ramped up ongoing efforts to strengthen and clarify their conflict of interest disclosure requirements. (Columbia Business School professor Michael Feiner, a member of the faculty committee of Columbia's Sanford C. Bernstein and Co. Center for Leadership and Ethics, has recommended that the film be shown to all business school students.) One of Hubbard's consulting contracts was examined in a deposition in 2012. His work for Countrywide Financial for $1200/hr, attesting that the lender's loans were no worse than a control group of mortgages and not fraudulent, was examined by an attorney for MBIA. MBIA was suing Countrywide over its mortgage practices.

Hubbard is also frequently featured in skits by Columbia Business School's "Follies" group, ranging from videos of him monitoring students on classroom video cameras to songs about his relationship with Presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Hubbard has also publicized his dissatisfaction with Ben Bernanke's nomination as Chair of the Federal Reserve with his comedic YouTube parody of "Every Breath You Take", "Every Breath Bernanke Takes".



</doc>
<doc id="2567773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2567773" title="Roger Sherman Loomis">
Roger Sherman Loomis

Roger Sherman Loomis (October 31, 1887 – October 11, 1966) was an American scholar and one of the foremost authorities on medieval and Arthurian literature. Loomis is perhaps best known for showing the roots of Arthurian legend, in particular the Holy Grail, in native Celtic mythology.

Roger Sherman Loomis was the son of Henry Loomis and Jane Herring Greene, the great nephew of William Maxwell Evarts and the great-great grandson of American founding father Roger Sherman. Born in Yokohama, Japan, he was educated at The Hotchkiss School Lakeville, Connecticut. 

He earned a B.A. from Williams College in 1909, an M.A. from Harvard University in 1910, and was a Rhodes Scholar at New College, Oxford University in 1913. He held honorary degrees from Columbia, Williams, the University of Wales and the University of Rennes in France. 

He was an instructor at the University of Illinois at Urbana from 1913 to 1918. During World War I he edited an Army publication "Atenshun 21". He left Illinois for Columbia University, where he taught from 1919 until 1958: he was a member of Columbia's English faculty and held an emeritus position there from 1958 until his death in 1966. In 1919, also, Loomis married his first wife, Gertrude Schoepperle Loomis, (1882-1921), a medieval scholar who shared his interest in Arthurian literature. ("Folklore" 38.4 1927 405–407).

From his early years he studied the influence of Celtic mythology on Arthurian legend, especially the Holy Grail romance. In 1930 Loomis attended the first International Arthurian Congress in Truro, Cornwall, where he, Henry Jenner, Dominica Legge, Eugène Vinaver and other scholars investigated Arthurian legends. He was a member of the International Arthurian Society (president of American Branch, 1948 – 63), the Modern Language Association, the Mediaeval Academy of America (fellow; second vice-president, 1961 – 64), the Modern Humanities Research Association and the American Humanist Association. In 1955-6 he was an Eastman Professor at Oxford University.

Loomis wrote ten scholarly books and numerous journal articles. His book "A Mirror of Chaucer's World," published in 1965 by Princeton, is a pictorial presentation of drawings, sculpture, paintings and other materials related to Geoffrey Chaucer and his age. His most notable book "Arthurian Tradition and Chretien de Troyes," published by Columbia University in 1949, won the Haskins Medal of the Medieval Academy of America.

After the death of his first wife Loomis married Laura Alandis Hibbard (1883-1960), with whom he collaborated in many of his research and writing efforts. He dedicated one of his final volumes to Gertrude Schoepperle Loomis and Laura Hibbard Loomis "in grateful and loving remembrance" ("The Grail: From Celtic Myth to Christian Symbol" published by the University of Wales 1963; and later by Princeton University, in 1991).





</doc>
<doc id="2568946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2568946" title="Arthur Herbert Copeland">
Arthur Herbert Copeland

Arthur Herbert Copeland (June 22, 1898 Rochester, New York – July 6, 1970) was an American mathematician. He graduated from Harvard University in 1926 and taught at Rice University and the University of Michigan. His main interest was in the foundations of probability.

He worked with Paul Erdős on the Copeland-Erdős constant. His son, Arthur Herbert Copeland, Jr., is also a mathematician.



</doc>
<doc id="2569189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2569189" title="Edgar Leonard">
Edgar Leonard

Edgar Welch Leonard (June 19, 1881 – October 7, 1948) was a Harvard graduate and male tennis player from the United States.

He is best known for his gold medal at the St. Louis Olympics (1904) in the men's doubles event, partnering Beals Wright. In the men's singles event he won a bronze medal. Leonard reached the semifinals of the U.S. National Championships in 1904 and the quarterfinals in 1901 and 1906.



</doc>
<doc id="2570664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2570664" title="Charles F. Haas">
Charles F. Haas

Charles Friedman Haas (November 15, 1913 – May 12, 2011) was an American film and television director. 

Haas was born in Chicago, Illinois and graduated from Harvard University. In 1935, he began his career at Universal Studios - where his stepfather was friends with studio chief Carl Laemmle - starting as an extra and eventually becoming assistant director and later a director of non-dramatic films. During World War II, he directed films for the Army Signal Corps. He turned to television in the 1950s, and during this period had a brief stint directing low-budget films. Ultimately, however, he settled in television, directing episodes of such popular series as "Bonanza", "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "The Outer Limits", and "The Man from U.N.C.L.E."

In 1952 he sued Walter Wanger for $53,000.


</doc>
<doc id="2571426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2571426" title="James M. Bardeen">
James M. Bardeen

James Maxwell Bardeen (born May 9, 1939) is an American physicist, well known for his work in general relativity, particularly his role in formulating the "laws of black hole mechanics." He also discovered the "Bardeen vacuum", an exact solution of the Einstein field equation.

Bardeen graduated from Harvard in 1960 and earned his doctorate at Caltech under the direction of Richard Feynman. He is a professor emeritus of physics at the University of Washington in Seattle, and a Distinguished Visiting Research Fellow at Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics. In 2012 he was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Sciences.

Bardeen is the son of two-time Nobel Laureate John Bardeen. His brother, William A. Bardeen, is also a physicist, and his late sister Elizabeth was married to Thomas J. Greytak, a physicist at MIT.



</doc>
<doc id="2584260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2584260" title="William Keepers Maxwell Jr.">
William Keepers Maxwell Jr.

William Keepers Maxwell Jr. (August 16, 1908 – July 31, 2000) was an American editor, novelist, short story writer, essayist, children's author, and memoirist. He served as a fiction editor at "The New Yorker" from 1936 to 1975. An editor devoted to his writers, Maxwell became a legendary mentor and confidant to many of the most prominent authors of his day. Although best known as an editor, Maxwell was a highly respected and award-winning novelist and short story writer. His stature as a celebrated author has grown in the years following his death.

Maxwell was born in Lincoln, Illinois on August 16, 1908. His parents were William Keepers Maxwell and Eva Blossom (née Blinn) Maxwell. During the 1918 flu epidemic, the 10-year-old Maxwell became ill and survived, but his mother died. After his mother's death, the boy was sent to live with an aunt and uncle in Bloomington, Illinois. His father remarried, and young Maxwell joined him in Chicago. He attended Senn High School. He received his bachelor's degree from the University of Illinois in 1930 where he was class salutatorian, poetry editor of "The Daily Illini", and a member of Sigma Pi fraternity. Maxwell earned a master's degree at Harvard University. Maxwell taught English briefly at the University of Illinois before moving to New York.

Maxwell was best known for being a fiction editor of "The New Yorker" magazine for forty years (1936–1975), where he worked with writers such as Vladimir Nabokov, John Updike, J. D. Salinger, John Cheever, Mavis Gallant, Frank O'Connor, Larry Woiwode, Maeve Brennan, John O'Hara, Eudora Welty, Shirley Hazzard, and Isaac Bashevis Singer. Welty wrote of him as an editor: "For fiction writers, he was the headquarters."

He also wrote six highly acclaimed novels, a number of short stories and essays, children's stories, and a memoir, "Ancestors" (1972). His award-winning fiction, which is increasingly seen as some of the most important of the 20th century, has recurring themes of childhood, family, loss, and lives changed quietly and irreparably. Much of his work is autobiographical, particularly concerning the loss of his mother when he was 10 years old and growing up in the rural Midwestern United States. After the flu epidemic, young Maxwell had to move away from the house where he lived at the time, which he referred to as the "Wunderkammer" or "Chamber of Wonders". He wrote of his loss, "It happened too suddenly, with no warning, and we none of us could believe it or bear it ... the beautiful, imaginative, protected world of my childhood swept away."

In 1968 Maxwell was elected as president of the National Institute of Arts and Letters.

Since his death in 2000, several biographical works about him have been published, including "A William Maxwell Portrait: Memories and Appreciations" (W. W. Norton & Co., 2004), "My Mentor: A Young Man's Friendship with William Maxwell" by Alec Wilkinson (Houghton-Mifflin, 2002), and "William Maxwell: A Literary Life" by Barbara Burkhardt (University of Illinois Press, 2005).

In addition, in 2008 the Library of America published the first of two collections of works by Maxwell, "Early Novels and Stories", edited by Christopher Carduff. His collected edition of Maxwell's fiction, published to mark the writer's centenary, was completed by publication of the second volume, "Later Novels and Stories", in the fall of 2008.

William Maxwell married Emily Gilman Noyes of Portland, Oregon. Emily Maxwell was an accomplished painter, winning the Medal of Honor in 1986 from the National Association of Women Artists. She also reviewed children's books for "The New Yorker". The couple were married for 55 years. Maxwell died eight days after his wife. They had two daughters, Katherine and Emily. William Maxwell died on July 31, 2000 in New York City. The epitaph marking his memorial gravestone in Oregon reads, "The Work is the Message".










</doc>
<doc id="2584755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2584755" title="Alex Ross (music critic)">
Alex Ross (music critic)

Alex Ross (born 1968) is an American music critic. He has been on the staff of "The New Yorker" magazine since 1996, and he has written the books "The Rest Is Noise: Listening to the Twentieth Century" (2007) and "Listen to This" (2011).

Ross is a 1986 graduate of St. Albans School in Washington, D.C., having previously attended the Potomac School in McLean, Virginia. He is a 1990 graduate of Harvard University, where he studied under composer Peter Lieberson and was a DJ on the classical and underground rock departments of the college radio station, WHRB. He earned a Harvard A.B. in English "summa cum laude" for a thesis on James Joyce.

From 1992 to 1996 Ross was a music critic at "The New York Times". He also wrote for "The New Republic", "Slate", the "London Review of Books", "Lingua Franca", "Fanfare" and "Feed". He first contributed to "The New Yorker" in 1993 and became a staff writer in 1996.

His first book, "The Rest Is Noise: Listening to the Twentieth Century", a cultural history of music since 1900, was released in the U.S. in 2007 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux and in the U.K. in 2008. The book received widespread critical praise in the U.S., garnering a National Book Critics Circle Award, a spot on "The New York Times" list of the ten best books of 2007, and a finalist citation for the Pulitzer Prize in general nonfiction. The book was also shortlisted for the 2008 Samuel Johnson Prize for nonfiction.

His second book, "Listen to This," was released in the U.S. in September 2010 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux and was published in the U.K. in November 2010.

He has received a MacArthur Fellowship, three ASCAP Deems Taylor Awards for music writing, and a Holtzbrinck fellowship at the American Academy in Berlin. In 2012 he received the Belmont Prize for Contemporary Music at the pèlerinages Art Festival in Weimar. In 2016, he was awarded the Champion of New Music award by the American Composers Forum.

Alex Ross married director Jonathan Lisecki in Canada in 2006.



</doc>
<doc id="2593204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2593204" title="Philippe Wamba">
Philippe Wamba

Philippe Wamba (June 3, 1971 – September 11, 2002) was an African-American editor and writer known for his fusion of African and African-American culture.

Wamba was born in California to Elaine Brown Wamba and Ernest Wamba dia Wamba, an American mother and a Congolese professor-turned-rebel father. He grew up in Boston, Dar es Salaam, and New Mexico. He studied at Harvard University as an undergraduate, then at Columbia University.

Wamba worked on a variety of writing and publishing projects, culminating in his service as Editor-in-chief of the now defunct online magazine "Africana.com". In 1999 he published a memoir entitled "Kinship: A Family's Journey in Africa and America." Wamba was profiled in the "New York Times Magazine" and the book received some positive reviews.

Wamba died in a car accident in Kenya while conducting research on African youth movements. The Harvard African Students Alumni Network announced plans to raise funds in his memory to promote traffic safety in Africa.Henry Louis Gates, a mentor who helped promote Wamba's memoir, said at his funeral, "Philippe lived on no man's hyphen."


</doc>
<doc id="2598949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2598949" title="Wilder Dwight Bancroft">
Wilder Dwight Bancroft

Wilder Dwight Bancroft (October 1, 1867 – February 7, 1953) was an American physical chemist.

Born in Middletown, Rhode Island, he was the grandson of historian and statesman George Bancroft and great-grandson of Aaron Bancroft. He received a B.A. from Harvard University in 1888, and a Ph.D. from University of Leipzig in 1892, as well as honorary SCDs from Lafayette College (in 1919) and Cambridge University (in 1923).

He was an assistant chemistry instructor at Harvard University from 1888–1889 and 1893–1894, then a full instructor from 1894-1895. He then became an assistant professor at Cornell University in 1895, then a full professor (at Cornell) in 1903. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1913, and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1920. 

Bancroft was trained by Wilhelm Ostwald and Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff, and introduced a number of thermodynamic and colloid-chemical concepts into American physicochemistry. He is known for the Bancroft rule: a predominantly hydrophilic emulsifier stabilizes an oil-in-water emulsion, whereas a predominantly hydrophobic emulsifier stabilizes a water-in oil emulsion.

The lunar crater Bancroft is named in his honor.

His daughter, Mary Warner Bancroft (1896–1967), married another Cornell chemistry professor, Melvin Lorrel Nichols (1894–1981).





</doc>
<doc id="2598977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2598977" title="Boies Penrose">
Boies Penrose

Boies Penrose (November 1, 1860 – December 31, 1921) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Philadelphia. He represented Pennsylvania in the United States Senate from 1897 until his death in 1921. Penrose was the fourth political boss of the Pennsylvania Republican political machine, following Simon Cameron, Donald Cameron, and Matthew Quay. Penrose was the longest-serving Pennsylvania Senator until Arlen Specter surpassed his record in 2005.

Born into a prominent Philadelphia family of Cornish descent, he was brother to Richard Penrose, Spencer Penrose and Charles Bingham Penrose. Penrose graduated second in his class from Harvard University in 1881, and was admitted to the Pennsylvania Bar in 1883. Although Penrose wrote two books on political reform, he joined the political machine of Matthew Quay, a Pennsylvania political boss. He was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1884, and was elected to the Pennsylvania Senate for the 6th district in 1886, where he served as president pro tempore from 1889 to 1891.

In 1903 Boies, along with his brothers and father, invested in the formation of the Utah Copper Company.

Penrose was an avid outdoorsman and took pleasure in mountain exploration and big-game hunting. A mountain in Montana and another in the Dickson Range in the Bridge River Country in British Columbia were climbed and named by him. The Senator was a large, heavy man and according to his hunting guide, W.G. (Bill) Manson, they had to shop all over the place to get a horse big enough to fit Penrose and his custom saddle. The horse was called "Senator", and was retired to the pasture because no standard saddle would fit him.

Penrose served as a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1884 to 1886 and as a member of the Pennsylvania Senate for the 6th district from 1887 to 1897 including as President Pro Tempore from 1889 to 1891. He stepped down from his position as a State Senator in 1897 to take office as a United States Senator, defeating John Wanamaker for the position. He was elected Chairman of the State Republican Party in 1903, succeeding fellow Senator Matthew Quay. A year later, Quay died, and Penrose was appointed to succeed him as the state's Republican National Committeeman.

He quickly became a power broker in the state, enabling figures like Richard Baldwin to advance through loyalty to his organization. He was forced out of power by the progressive faction of the party, led by William Flinn, in 1912. At that year's party convention, Penrose did not stand for re-election to his national committee post. Following Flinn's departure from the party to support Theodore Roosevelt in the 1912 presidential election, Penrose was able to garner enough support to return to his post as national committeeman; he would remain in the position until his death. In 1914, Penrose faced his first direct election (following the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment); Penrose publicly campaigned for the first time in his life and defeated Democrat A. Mitchell Palmer and Progressive Gifford Pinchot.

In the 1912 presidential election, Penrose strongly supported incumbent President William Howard Taft over former President Theodore Roosevelt. After a campaign that consisted of heavy attacks on Penrose, Roosevelt won the state in the 1912 election, although Democrat Woodrow Wilson won the national vote. Penrose was also a major supporter of Warren Harding, and helped the Ohio Senator win the 1920 Republican nomination. Penrose's role in Harding's election helped earn Pennsylvanian Andrew W. Mellon the role of Secretary of the Treasury.

Penrose was a dominant member of the Senate Finance Committee and supported high protective tariffs. He had also served on the United States Senate Committee on Banking, United States Senate Committee on Naval Affairs, United States Senate Committee on Post Office and Post Roads, United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor, and United States Senate Committee on Immigration. One of Penrose's most important legislative actions was adding the "oil depletion allowance" to the Revenue Act of 1913. Penrose consistently supported "pro-business" policies, and opposed labor reform and women's rights.

In November 1915, Penrose accompanied the Liberty Bell on its nationwide tour returning to Pennsylvania from the Panama-Pacific International Exposition in San Francisco; Penrose accompanied the bell to New Orleans and then to Philadelphia. The Liberty Bell has not been moved from Pennsylvania again. A statue of Penrose has been in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania's Capitol Park since September 1930.

Penrose died in his Wardman Park penthouse suite in Washington, D.C. in the last hour of 1921, after suffering a pulmonary thrombosis. He was buried in the family grave section in the Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia.

Following Penrose's death, his lieutenant Joseph Grundy became one of the leaders of the Republican machine, but no one boss dominated the party like Penrose and his predecessors had.

"Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel." — Boies Penrose

"I believe in the division of labor. You send us to Congress; we pass laws under which you make money...and out of your profits, you further contribute to our campaign funds to send us back again to pass more laws to enable you to make more money." — Senator Boies Penrose (R-Pa.), 1896, citing the relationship between his politics and big business.

"All physical and economic tests that may be devised are worthless if the immigrant, through racial or other inherently antipathetic conditions, cannot be more or less readily assimilated..." — Boies Penrose, 1902, "Chinese Exclusion and the Problem of Immigration"

"Yes, but I'll preside over the ruins." — Boies Penrose's reply to a Republican Party reformer's accusation that Penrose was ruining the party's prospects for victory (and the reformer's chances for dominance over the party's apparatus) by putting up a slate of candidates who were stand-pat party hacks with no chance of winning.

"I would rather have seated beside me in this chamber a polygamist who doesn't polyg than a monogamist who doesn't monag." — Penrose speaking during hearings on whether to seat Utah-elected Senator Reed Smoot, who was a member of the [then-polygamous] LDS church, but who did not himself practice polygamy.



</doc>
<doc id="2599396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2599396" title="Joseph Berger (sociologist)">
Joseph Berger (sociologist)

Joseph Berger (born 1924) is an American sociologist and social psychologist best known for co-founding expectation states theory. Expectation states theory explains how individuals use social information about one another (such as race, gender, or specific skills) to create informal status hierarchies in small groups. Researchers have used this program to develop interventions that counteract the disadvantages faced most notably by black students in the classroom and women leaders in the workplace. Social scientists have also applied this work to study hiring bias against mothers and discrimination against loan applicants among other topics.

Berger used expectation states theory as an exemplar of formal (or axiomatic) theory construction, for whose wider adoption among sociologists he advocated. Formal theories are logically related sets of statements from which a scientist can logically deduce hypotheses (e.g., if A → B and B → C, then A → C). Formal theorists then lay out the precise conditions under which their predictions do and do not apply. This contrasts with the norm in sociological theorizing, which is less explicit in its definitions, predictions, and scope.

He is currently a Professor Emeritus at Stanford University and a senior fellow at its Hoover Institution.

A native of Brooklyn, he was educated at Thomas Jefferson High School and Brooklyn College. After earning his doctoral degree in sociology at Harvard University in the 1950s, where he had been taught by Talcott Parsons, he established a theoretical and experimental research program at Stanford. The program, expectation states theory, has many branches and through his mentorship of generations of graduate students, this program has been a unique example of the growth of knowledge in sociology through chains of theory development accompanied by experimental tests and refinements.

His expertise is in the area of status processes and status relations among members of different groups, processes of legitimation, reward expectations and distributive justice, and theory construction in the behavioral sciences. His current research focuses on gender relations in interpersonal settings, status characteristics theory, and cumulative theory in social science.

Berger, along with collaborators, has edited a large number of books to which invited scholars have contributed papers that elaborate upon one or another "sociological theory in progress."

Berger is a recipient of the Cooley-Mead Award from the American Sociological Association to honor long-term distinguished contributions to the intellectual and scientific advancement of social psychology. In 2007, he received the W. E. B. Du Bois Award for his contributions to the field of sociology.

Books

Edited Volumes


</doc>
<doc id="2599786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2599786" title="Richard Stone (politician)">
Richard Stone (politician)

Richard Bernard Stone (September 22, 1928 – July 28, 2019) was an American politician who served as a Democratic United States Senator from Florida from 1975 to 1980 and later served as Ambassador at Large to Central America and Ambassador to Denmark.

Stone was born in New York City, the son of Lily (Abbey) and Alfred Stone, who was born in Belgium. His family was Jewish. He moved to Florida and attended public schools in Dade County. Stone graduated cum laude with a B.A. from Harvard University in 1949 and received a LL.B. from Columbia Law School in 1954. He returned to Florida and was admitted to the Florida Bar in 1955, practicing in Miami.

In 1966, Stone became Miami City Attorney and was elected to the Florida Senate in 1967, representing Dade County. In 1970, he was elected Secretary of State of Florida. He resigned in July 1974, before his term ended, to focus on his campaign for the U.S. Senate.

In 1974, Stone ran in an 11-candidate Democratic primary election. Congressman Bill Gunter finished first but Stone won a close subsequent runoff, 51% to 49%. On the Republican side, incumbent Senator Edward Gurney chose not to run for reelection after being indicted for taking bribes in return for his influence with the Federal Housing Administration. Millionaire Eckerd drug store chain owner, Jack Eckerd, defeated Paula Hawkins for the Republican nomination. In the general election, Stone narrowly defeated Eckerd in a race that saw the American Party candidate, John Grady, claim nearly 16% of the vote. Stone was the second Jewish U.S. Senator from Florida (after David Levy Yulee) and the first since the U.S. Civil War. Outgoing Senator Gurney resigned on December 31, 1974 and Stone was officially appointed senator by Governor Reubin Askew on January 1, 1975, two days before his term was scheduled to begin.

During Stone's term in the U.S. Senate, he was a member of the Foreign Relations Committee and was a strong advocate for the Panama Canal Torrijos–Carter Treaties. He also voted for neutron bomb funding, deregulation of natural gas, and public funding of congressional campaigns, and voted against an early version of the Kemp–Roth Tax Cut and funding medically necessary abortions. He led efforts to secure congressional aid for Israel and also served as an important advisor during the 1978 Camp David Peace Treaty. In addition to the Foreign Relations Committee, Stone served on the Agriculture Committee.

At the onset of his term, Stone was one of three Jewish members of the U.S. Senate along with Jacob Javits and Abraham Ribicoff.

With a reputation for changing his mind and with the AFL-CIO actively campaigning against him, Stone was deemed vulnerable in his reelection bid. Six Democrats entered the race for Stone's seat including his 1974 runoff opponent Bill Gunter who was Florida State Treasurer/Insurance Commissioner in 1980. As was the case in 1974, Stone and Gunter were forced into a runoff but, unlike 1974, Gunter won the nomination in 1980. (Gunter was defeated by Paula Hawkins in the general election). Stone resigned three days early on December 31, 1980.

Senator Stone was included on president-elect Reagan's transition team the day after the 1980 elections. From 1981 to 1982, he was senior resident partner at the law firm of Proskauer, Rose, Goetz & Mendelsohn in Washington, D.C. During that time, the Spanish-speaking Stone worked as a paid lobbyist for the right-wing Guatemalan government of Fernando Romeo Lucas García. On January 19, 1982, Stone was named as Vice Chairman of the President's Commission for Radio Broadcasting to Cuba. He was also vice chairman of the board of Capital Bank of Washington. In February 1983, Stone served in the Department of State as Special Representative of the President for Public Diplomacy in Central America.

On April 28, 1983, President Reagan announced Stone's appointment as Ambassador at Large and Special Envoy to Central America. Despite concerns over his recent ties with the oppressive right-wing Guatemalan government and how he would be perceived by the leftist FMLN of El Salvador, Stone was confirmed and commenced the position on May 26. Stone was once a paid lobbyist for the conservative Guatemalan government of Fernando Romeo Lucas Garcia. This made Democrats argue that he was ill-suited to be President Reagan's appointee to be Ambassador at Large for Central America, a role that required negotiation with the leftist government of El Salvador and other administrations. He resigned effective March 1, 1984, allegedly after experiencing personality conflicts with Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, Langhorne A. Motley. Stone continued working with Capital Bank and, in 1989, was named chief operating officer. On November 9, 1991, he was nominated by President George H. W. Bush to be U.S. Ambassador to Denmark. The nomination was successful and Stone served from November 21, 1991 to October 14, 1993.

On December 28, 1995, Stone was appointed voting trustee for the discount drug store business, Dart Drug, which was owned by Herbert Haft and embroiled in a widely publicized family dispute. On September 24, 1997, Haft and Stone voted to appoint Stone as acting chief executive officer and, in February 1998, Stone was named chief executive officer. By mid-1998, Dart Group was sold to Richfood.

Stone was married to Marlene Lois Stone and had three children and five grandchildren. He died on July 28, 2019 at a clinic in Rockville, Maryland from complications of pneumonia and other illnesses. At the time of his death, he resided in the Chevy Chase neighborhood of Maryland




</doc>
<doc id="2600032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2600032" title="Robert Darnton">
Robert Darnton

Robert Choate Darnton (born May 10, 1939) is an American cultural historian and academic librarian who specializes in 18th-century France.

He was director of the Harvard University Library from 2007 to 2016.

Darnton was born in New York City. He graduated from Phillips Academy in 1957 and Harvard University in 1960, attended Oxford University on a Rhodes scholarship, and earned a PhD (DPhil) in history from Oxford in 1964, where he studied with Richard Cobb, among others. The title of his thesis was "Trends in radical propaganda on the eve of the French Revolution (1782–1788)". He worked as reporter at "The New York Times" from 1964 to 1965. Joining the Princeton University faculty in 1968, he was appointed Shelby Cullom Davis Professor of European History and was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 1982. He served as President of the American Historical Association in 1999.

On July 1, 2007, he transferred to emeritus status at Princeton, and was appointed Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and director of the Harvard University Library, succeeding Sidney Verba. In January 2016, Ann Blair succeeded him as the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor.

In 1983, he delivered the Huizinga Lecture in Leiden, the Netherlands, under the title "The Meaning of Mother Goose".

Darnton is a pioneer in the field of the history of the book. He is writing about electronic publishing. He is founder of the Gutenberg-e program, sponsored by Mellon Foundation.

Darnton is a trustee of the New York Public Library.

His first major prize was the Leo Gershoy Award for "The Business of Enlightenment" in 1979. He has also received the National Book Critics Circle Award for criticism for "The Forbidden Best-Sellers of Pre-Revolutionary France" (New York: W.W. Norton, 1996).

In 1999, he was named a Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur, an award given by the French government, in recognition of his work. In 2004 he was awarded the Gutenberg prize by the .

In 2005, he received an award for distinguished achievement from the American Printing History Association.

On February 13, 2012, he was awarded the National Humanities Medal 2011 by President Barack Obama, for his determination to make knowledge accessible to everyone.

In 2013, he was awarded the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca lifetime achievement award.

In 2016, Darnton received an honorary doctorate from the Faculty of Arts at Uppsala University, Sweden.

His brother is the retired "New York Times" editor and author John Darnton, and his father was the war correspondent Byron Darnton.





</doc>
<doc id="2611636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2611636" title="John Myhill">
John Myhill

John R. Myhill Sr. (11 August 1923 – 15 February 1987) was a British mathematician.

Myhill received his Ph.D. from Harvard University under Willard Van Orman Quine in 1949. He was professor at SUNY Buffalo from 1966 until his death in 1987. He also taught at several other universities.

His son, also called John Myhill, is a professor of linguistics in the English department of the University of Haifa in Israel.

In the theory of formal languages, the Myhill–Nerode theorem, proven by Myhill with Anil Nerode, characterizes the regular languages as the languages that have only finitely many inequivalent prefixes.

In computability theory, the Rice–Myhill–Shapiro theorem, more commonly known as Rice's theorem, states that, for any nontrivial property "P" of partial functions, it is undecidable to determine whether a given Turing machine computes a function with property "P". The Myhill isomorphism theorem is a computability-theoretic analogue of the Cantor–Bernstein–Schroeder theorem that characterizes the recursive isomorphisms of pairs of sets.

In the theory of cellular automata, Myhill is known for proving (along with E. F. Moore) the Garden of Eden theorem, stating that a cellular automaton has a configuration with no predecessor if and only if it has two different asymptotic configurations which evolve to the same configuration. He is also known for posing the firing squad synchronization problem of designing an automaton that, starting from a single non-quiescent cell, evolves to a configuration in which all cells reach the same non-quiescent state at the same time; this problem was again solved by Moore.

In constructive set theory, Myhill is known for proposing an axiom system that avoids the axiom of choice and the law of the excluded middle, known as Intuitionistic Zermelo–Fraenkel. He also developed a constructive set theory based on natural numbers, functions, and sets, rather than (as in many other foundational theories) basing it purely on sets.

The Russell–Myhill paradox or Russell–Myhill antinomy, discovered by Bertrand Russell in 1902 and rediscovered by Myhill in 1958, concerns systems of logic in which logical propositions can be members of classes, and can also be about classes; for instance, a proposition "P" can "state the product" of a class "C", meaning that proposition "P" asserts that all propositions contained in class "C" are true. In such a system, the class of propositions that state the product of classes that do not include them is paradoxical. For, if proposition "P" states the product of this class, an inconsistency arises regardless of whether "P" does or does not belong to the class it describes.

In music theory, Myhill's property is a mathematical property of musical scales described by John Clough and Gerald Myerson and named by them after Myhill.



</doc>
<doc id="2612612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2612612" title="Noel Ignatiev">
Noel Ignatiev

Noel Ignatiev (; December 27, 1940 – November 9, 2019) was an American author and historian. He was best known for his work on race and social class and for his call to abolish "whiteness". Ignatiev was the co-founder of the New Abolitionist Society and co-editor of the journal "Race Traitor", which promoted the idea that "treason to whiteness is loyalty to humanity". He also wrote a book on antebellum northern xenophobia against Irish immigrants, "How the Irish Became White". His publisher billed him as "one of America's leading and most controversial historians".

Ignatiev was born Noel Saul Ignatin in Philadelphia, the son of Carrie, a homemaker, and Irv Ignatin, who delivered newspapers. His family's original surname, Ignatiev, was changed to Ignatin and later back to the original spelling. His family was Jewish. His grandparents were from Russia. Ignatiev's parents later ran a housewares store. He attended the University of Pennsylvania, but dropped out after three years.

Under the name Noel Ignatin, he joined the Communist Party USA in January 1958, but in August left (along with Theodore W. Allen and Harry Haywood) to help form the Provisional Organizing Committee to Reconstitute the Marxist–Leninist Communist Party (POC). He was expelled from the POC in 1966.

He later became involved in the Students for a Democratic Society. When that organization fractured in the late 1960s, Ignatiev became part of the group Sojourner Truth Organization (STO) in 1970. Unlike other groups in the New Communist movement, the STO and Ignatiev were also heavily influenced by the ideas of Trinidadian writer C. L. R. James.

For twenty years, Ignatiev worked in a Gary, Indiana steel mill and also in the manufacturing of farming equipment and electrical components. A Marxist activist, he was involved in efforts by African American steel workers to achieve equality in the mills. In 1984, he was laid off from the steel mill, approximately a year after an arrest on charges of attacking a strike-breaker's car with a paint bomb.

Ignatiev set up Marxist discussion groups in the early 1980s. In 1985, Ignatiev was accepted to the Harvard Graduate School of Education without an undergraduate degree. After earning his master's degree, he joined the Harvard faculty as a lecturer and worked toward a doctorate in U.S. history.

Ignatiev was a graduate student at Harvard University where he earned his Ph.D. in 1995. He taught courses there before moving to the Massachusetts College of Art. His academic work was linked to his call to "abolish" the white race, a controversial slogan whose meaning is not always agreed upon by those who debate his work. His dissertation, published by Routledge as the book "How the Irish Became White", was advised by prominent social historian of American race and ethnicity Stephan Thernstrom. Ignatiev was the co-founder and co-editor of the journal "Race Traitor" and the "New Abolitionist Society".

Ignatiev viewed race distinctions and race itself as a social construct, not a scientific reality.

Ignatiev's study of Irish immigrants in the 19th-century United States argued that an Irish triumph over nativism marks the incorporation of the Irish into the dominant group of American society. Ignatiev asserted that the Irish were not initially accepted as white by the dominant English-American population. He claimed that only through their own violence against free blacks and support of slavery did the Irish gain acceptance as white. Ignatiev defined whiteness as the access to white privilege, which according to Ignatiev gains people perceived to have "white" skin admission to certain neighborhoods, schools, and jobs. In the 19th century, whiteness was strongly associated with political power, especially suffrage. Ignatiev's book on Irish immigrants has been criticized for "conflat[ing] race and economic position" and for ignoring data that contradicts his theses.

Ignatiev stated that attempts to give race a biological foundation have only led to absurdities as in the common example that a white woman could give birth to a black child, but a black woman could never give birth to a white child. Ignatiev asserted that the only logical explanation for this notion is that people are members of different racial categories because society assigns people to these categories.

Ignatiev's web site and publication "Race Traitor" displayed the motto "treason to whiteness is loyalty to humanity". In response to a letter to the site which understood the motto as meaning that the authors "hated" white people because of their "white skin", Ignatiev and the other editors responded:
In September 2002, "Harvard Magazine" published an excerpt from "When Race Becomes Real: Black and White Writers Confront Their Personal Histories", edited by Bernestine Singley, about Ignatiev's role in launching "Race Traitor". In the excerpt, Ignatiev wrote that "[t]he goal of abolishing the white race is on its face so desirable that some may find it hard to believe that it could incur any opposition other than from committed white supremacists". He wrote that the magazine's editors were frequently accused of being racists or part of a hate group, to which his "standard response" was "to draw an analogy with anti-royalism: to oppose monarchy does not mean killing the king; it means getting rid of crowns, thrones, royal titles, etc." Ignatiev also wrote that "[t]he editors meant it when they replied to a reader, 'Make no mistake about it: we intend to keep bashing the dead white males, and the live ones, and the females too, until the social construct known as "the white race" is destroyed—not "deconstructed" but destroyed'".

Some conservative critics, particularly David Horowitz, saw the excerpt as an example of institutional racism against white people at Harvard, in "progressive culture" and in academia. On his website, Horowitz wrote: "Suppose Frontpagemagazine.com ran a headline 'Abolish the Black Race'? What do you think the reaction would be? But at Harvard, where demonizing whites is merely the standard curriculum, an article like this can appear in a glossy magazine whose cover story is 'Whither the Art Museum?'".

From 1986 until 1992, Ignatiev served as a tutor (academic adviser) for Dunster House at Harvard College. In early 1992, Ignatiev objected to the university's purchase of a toaster oven for the Dunster House dining hall that would be designated for kosher use only. He insisted that cooking utensils with restricted use should be paid for by private funds. In a letter to the Harvard student newspaper, the "Harvard Crimson", Ignatiev wrote: "I regard anti-Semitism, like all forms of religious, ethnic and racial bigotry, as a crime against humanity and whoever calls me an anti-Semite will face a libel suit".

Dunster House subsequently declined to renew Ignatiev's contract, saying that his conduct during the dispute was "unbecoming of a Harvard tutor". Dunster co-master Hetty Liem said it was the job of a tutor "to foster a sense of community and tolerance and to serve as a role model for the students" and that Ignatiev had not done so.

In 2008, the American Jewish Committee objected to an encyclopedia article on Zionism that Ignatiev wrote for "The Encyclopedia of Race and Racism". In the article, Ignatiev described Israel as a "racial state, where rights are assigned on the basis of ascribed descent or the approval of the superior race" and likened it to Nazi Germany and the Southern United States before the civil rights movement.

The American Jewish Committee cited numerous "factual and historical inaccuracies" in Ignatiev's article. The American Jewish Committee also questioned why the encyclopedia included an entry about Zionism, stating that it was the only nationalist movement with an article in the encyclopedia. Gideon Shimoni, Professor Emeritus at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, criticized the article as a "litany of errors and distortions of fact".

Subsequently, the encyclopedia's publisher Gale announced the appointment of an independent committee to investigate "the factual accuracy, scholarly basis, coverage, scope, and balance of every article". In addition, Gale published a 10-part composite article, "Nationalism and Ethnicity", with a new article on Zionism and evaluations of cultural nationalism in across the globe. The composite article was free of charge to all customers. In response to the findings of the independent committee, Gale has eliminated Ignatiev's article from the encyclopedia.

Ignatiev spoke at a bar in Brooklyn, New York, on October 27, 2019, at the launch party for an issue of the journal "Hard Crackers", which he edited. Soon after, he flew to Arizona to be with members of his family. On November 9, Ignatiev died at Banner University Medical Center Tucson at the age of 78.






</doc>
<doc id="2613258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2613258" title="George Fix">
George Fix

George J. Fix (10 May 1939 – 10 March 2002) was an American mathematician who collaborated on several seminal papers and books in the field of finite element method. In addition to his work in mathematics, Fix was a beer and homebrewing enthusiast and educator, as well as the author of several books about brewing. He died of cancer in 2002.

Fix was born and grew up in Dallas, Texas, and attended Texas A&M University on a baseball scholarship, where he earned a Bachelor of Science. He received his Master of Science degree from Rice University, and in 1968, he earned a Ph.D from Harvard.

After earning his Ph.D, Fix stayed at Harvard as an assistant professor until 1972. While there, he met Gilbert Strang, and collaborated with him on a paper regarding the Fourier analysis of finite element methods (FEM). In 1973, he and Strang published "An Analysis of the Finite Element Method", a book that gave the latest advances in FEM "publicity and respectability". (Max Gunzburger of Iowa State University called it "one of the most important and influential applied mathematics books ever published.")

Fix moved to University of Maryland in 1972, and then to University of Michigan. He served as the chair of mathematics at Carnegie Mellon University for over 20 years, and served in the same role at University of Texas at Arlington and Clemson University. He also taught at University of Bonn.

During his academic tenure, he published two books and over 100 papers. In addition to his seminal work on FEM, his papers included works on iterative methods, grid generation, and integral equations in the context of FEM. He also made contributions concerning numerical applications of real-world applications, including solid mechanics, acoustics, and jets and sprays, as well as computational geometry as it applied to the modeling of developable surfaces.

Fix also applied his talents to amateur beer brewing. He won hundreds of awards across the United States for his beers, and was named Homebrewer of the Year in 1981 by the American Homebrewers Association (AHA). He was a consultant to numerous microbreweries and brewpubs, and served as an expert witness in brewing-related litigation. He served on the Board of Advisors of the AHA, the editorial board of "Brewing Techniques" magazine, the steering committee of the Masters Championship of Amateur Brewing, and was a member of Beer Judge Certification Program, the American Association of Brewing Chemists, and the Master Brewers Association of America. In 1999, he wrote "Principles of Brewing Science", considered a standard reference for home- and craft-brewers. He also co-authored two books about homebrewing with his wife Laurie, including "An Analysis of Brewing Techniques" in 1998.

For his achievements and role as an educator in the field of home brewing, Fix was honoured with the AHA Recognition Award in 1991, the Distinguished Service Recognition Award by the Association of Brewers in 1991, and the Ninkasi Award by the AHA in 1997.


</doc>
<doc id="2613926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2613926" title="Isaiah Bowman">
Isaiah Bowman

Isaiah Bowman, AB, Ph. D. (December 26, 1878, Waterloo, Ontario, Canada – January 6, 1950, Baltimore, United States) was an American geographer and President of the Johns Hopkins University, 1935-1948.

Bowman was born in Berlin, Ontario, Canada, a village renamed in 1916 as Kitchener, near Waterloo, Ontario. His family was Mennonite, and, at the age of eight weeks, Bowman’s father moved his family to a log cabin in Brown City, Michigan, sixty miles north of Detroit. In 1900, Isaiah became an American citizen and began intensive study to prepare himself for admittance to Harvard. Studying first at Michigan State Normal College in Ypsilanti (now Eastern Michigan University), Bowman came to the attention of Mark Jefferson, a geographer who had studied at Harvard under the most prominent geographer of the day, William Morris Davis. Jefferson recommended Bowman to Davis, smoothing the way for Bowman’s study. After one year, by prearrangement with Jefferson, Bowman returned to Michigan in 1903 for a year, before returning again to Harvard.

After graduating from Harvard in 1905, he became an instructor and graduate student at Yale, where he stayed for ten years. While at Yale, Bowman participated in three study expeditions to South America, in 1907, 1911 and 1913; on the third trip, he served as the leader of the group. This research provided material for his PhD dissertation, conferred in 1909, and for several publications. In 1915, he became the first director of the American Geographical Society (AGS).

Some of his more notable works include:

When the United States entered the First World War in 1917, Bowman placed the resources of the AGS at the government's service, and he was asked to "gather and prepare data" to assist with a future peace conference once the fighting stopped. Bowman sailed for France in December 1918 as Chief Territorial Specialist, but he quickly assumed an administrative role as well, gaining the ear of President Woodrow Wilson and his chief adviser, Colonel Edward House. Bowman thus played a major role in determining distribution of land areas and national borders, especially in the Balkans, as part of the Paris Peace Conference.

Bowman directed the American Geographical Society until 1935, when he was named the fifth president of the Johns Hopkins University, succeeding Joseph Sweetman Ames. Bowman inherited a growing deficit due to the Great Depression and he began working to reduce the deficit and build the university's endowment. By the late 1930s, Hopkins was back on stable financial ground. Continuing his government service, Bowman became a State Department adviser to President Franklin D. Roosevelt during the Second World War, spending part of each week in Washington, DC, and leaving the running of the university in the hands of Provost P. Stewart Macaulay.

In 1939 Roosevelt appointed Bowman to lead a search for an appropriate refuge for Jewish emigrants from Europe. Bowman's team looked for uninhabited or sparsely settled land on five continents, but not in the US.

Bowman's opposition to accepting Jewish refugees stemmed from his deep antisemitism. At the Johns Hopkins University, he established an anti-Jewish admissions quota in 1945, when other leading universities were dismantling their Jewish quota systems, on grounds that Jews were an alien threat to American culture.

In 1942, with Bowman’s strong encouragement, Hopkins founded a facility that became the Applied Physics Laboratory, where scientists perfected the Proximity fuze, a device that could explode an artillery shell near a target, rather than on contact or in a place where the target was predicted to be. This fuze aided greatly in repelling Japanese "kamikaze" attacks late in the war, and in the Ardennes region of Europe during the 1944 Battle of the Bulge. As a State Department adviser, Bowman participated in the Dumbarton Oaks Conference and the San Francisco Conference, playing a role in the foundation of the United Nations.

Upon the conclusion of the Second World War, Bowman relinquished his State Department position and once again became a full-time university president. He presided over Hopkins’ return to a peacetime status, planning for the influx of ex-military personnel as they returned to civilian status and resumed their education.

His pet post-war project became the establishment of a school of geography at Johns Hopkins. As with many non-defense disciplines, geography had languished during the war years, and it became Bowman’s mission to build geography into a full-fledged division of the university. He was briefly successful, but the Isaiah Bowman School of Geography was never able to attract a high-profile scholar to give it the prestige it needed. Isaiah Bowman retired from the Hopkins presidency at the end of 1948, and died just over a year later. Shortly after his death, the School of Geography was downgraded to department status, and, by 1968, his name was removed from the department.

In 1916 he became associate editor of the "Geographical Review". He was associate editor of the "Journal of Geography" in 1918−19 and editor in 1919−20. In 1921 he became a director of the newly formed Council of Foreign Relations.

Before and during World War II he served on the Council of Foreign Relations' War and Peace Studies project as chairman of its territorial group. From 1945 to 1949 he was a CFR vice-president.

In 1941 he was awarded the British Royal Geographical Society's Patron's Gold Medal for his travels in South America and his services to Geography.

Bowman was a known anti-Semite, extremely suspect of Jews and reluctant to hire them at the university. According to Neil Smith's "American Empire: Roosevelt's Geographer and the Prelude to Globalization" (University of California Press, 2004), Bowman fired one of the most promising young historians on the Johns Hopkins faculty in 1939, saying "there are already too many Jews at Hopkins." In "American Empire", Bowman is further quoted as saying "Jews don't come to Hopkins to make the world better or anything like that. They come for two things: to make money and to marry a non- Jewish woman." In 1942, Bowman instituted a quota on the admission of Jewish students.

Furthermore, while President of Johns Hopkins he was asked to look into the status of Geography at Harvard University, as a senior figure in the discipline. At the time Harvard had a Geology and Geography Department and was about to offer tenure to a second geographer, which was resisted by some geologists. Bowman's refusal to praise Harvard's geographers and their program, revealed through archival research by Neil Smith, was instrumental in Harvard's decision to close the program that year and almost end the teaching of geography at Harvard. Given Harvard's status, this had major repercussions across the country for the discipline. Archival research of private letters reveals Bowman intensely disliked the only tenured geography professor at Harvard, Derwent S. Whittlesey, for his scholarship and homosexuality.

Beginning in 2005, the American Geographical Society has helped launch international collaborative research projects, called the Bowman Expeditions in Bowman's honor, in part to advise the U.S. government concerning future trends in the human terrain of other countries. The first project, in Mexico, is called Mexico Indigena, and has generated considerable controversy, including a public statement from the Union of Organizations of the Sierra Juarez of Oaxaca (UNOSJO) denouncing Mexico Indigena's lack of full disclosure regarding funding procured from the DOD, via the U.S. Army's Foreign Military Services Office, Ft. Leavenworth, Kansas.




</doc>
<doc id="2619478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2619478" title="James Chace">
James Chace

James Clarke Chace (October 16, 1931 – October 8, 2004) was an American historian, writing on American diplomacy and statecraft. His 12 books include the critically acclaimed "Acheson: The Secretary of State Who Created the American World" (1998), the definitive biography of former Secretary of State Dean Acheson. In a debate during the 2000 presidential primary, George W. Bush referred to Chace's "Acheson" as one of the books he was reading at the time.

His writings, known for elegant and even literary prose, often influenced American thought in policymaking — his coining of the phrase "the indispensable nation" with Sidney Blumenthal to describe America was widely used when Secretary of State Madeleine Albright began including it in her speeches.

Chace was born and raised in Fall River, Massachusetts. His family, of the New England aristocracy, lost nearly everything during the Great Depression after the collapse of the Fall River cotton-mill economy. This experience he later described in his 1990 memoir "What We Had".

Chace graduated from Harvard University with a degree in Classics. He went to France in 1954 to conduct graduate-study research on painter Eugène Delacroix and writer Charles Baudelaire, but soon found his interest drawn to the current intellectual arena of literature and politics, which led to an intense interest in French political writers including Albert Camus and Jean-Paul Sartre. He returned to France later the same year as a soldier and in 1955 and 1956 worked as an Army translator, which involved the translation of French newspapers for the Central Intelligence Agency. While in France he wrote a novel and was witness to the impact of that nation's withdrawal from Vietnam and its problems with a rebellion in colonialized Algeria.

After his return to the United States his interest in foreign policy grew as he served as managing editor for "East Europe", a political review of Soviet bloc affairs, from 1959 to 1969, during which time he wrote his book "Conflict in the Middle East" about the Six-Day War. He also served as the managing editor of the foreign policy journal "Interplay" (1967–1970) and "Foreign Affairs" (1970–1983). He became editor of the "World Policy Journal" in 1993, where he served for 7 years. In 1990, he was appointed Professor of Government at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, in upstate New York. He later helped found and chair Bard's international affairs program, the Bard Globalization and International Affairs Program (BGIA), in New York City. His pieces were frequently printed on newspaper op-ed pages and he contributed to the "New York Times Book Review" in the 1980s and 1990s.

Chace's work focused on American statesmanship, the interplay of American interests with American values, and the use of American power. He believed that any statesman effectively leading a nation will understand that resources are limited — including blood and political will — and that in protecting the interests of the nation those resources cannot be overtaxed. According to fellow writer and good friend Mark Danner, Chace considered the Vietnam War a classic example of a nation failing to prudently balance interests and resources, and saw the Iraq War as another example.

Chace died from a heart attack in Paris while doing research for a biography of the Marquis de Lafayette, which would have been his tenth book. At the time of his death, Chace resided in New York City and was survived by former wives Jean Valentine and Susan Denvir Chace, his long-time companion Joan Bingham, and daughters Sarah, Rebecca, and Zoe. He was a close friend and mentor of military historian and author Caleb Carr and historian David Fromkin. He had two grand daughters, Rebecca and Pesha.





</doc>
<doc id="2620911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2620911" title="Thomas Mallon">
Thomas Mallon

Thomas Mallon (born November 2, 1951) is an American novelist, essayist, and critic. His novels are renowned for their attention to historical detail and context and for the author's crisp wit and interest in the "bystanders" to larger historical events. He is the author of nine books of fiction, including "Henry and Clara", "Two Moons", "Dewey Defeats Truman", "Aurora 7", "Bandbox", "Fellow Travelers", "Watergate", "Finale", and most recently "Landfall". He has also published nonfiction on plagiarism ("Stolen Words"), diaries ("A Book of One's Own"), letters ("Yours Ever") and the Kennedy assassination ("Mrs. Paine's Garage"), as well as two volumes of essays ("Rockets and Rodeos" and "In Fact").

He is a former literary editor of "Gentleman's Quarterly", where he wrote the "Doubting Thomas" column in the 1990s, and has contributed frequently to "The New Yorker", "The New York Times Book Review", "The Atlantic Monthly", "The American Scholar", and other periodicals. He was appointed a member of the National Council on the Humanities in 2002 and served as Deputy Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities from 2005-2006.

His honors include Guggenheim and Rockefeller fellowships, the National Book Critics Circle citation for reviewing, and the Vursell prize of the American Academy of Arts and Letters for distinguished prose style. He was elected as a new member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2012.

Thomas Vincent Mallon was born in Glen Cove, New York and grew up in Stewart Manor, N.Y., on Long Island. His father, Arthur Mallon, was a salesman and his mother, Caroline, kept the home. Mallon graduated from Sewanhaka High School in 1969. He has often said that he had "the kind of happy childhood that is so damaging to a writer."

Mallon went on to study English at Brown University, where he wrote his undergraduate honors thesis on American author Mary McCarthy. He credits McCarthy, with whom he later became friends, as the most enduring influence on his career as a writer.

Mallon earned a Master of Arts and a Ph.D. from Harvard University, where he wrote his dissertation on the English World War I poet Edmund Blunden. On sabbatical from Vassar College in 1982-1983, Mallon spent a year as a visiting scholar at St. Edmund's House (later College) at Cambridge University. It was here that he drafted most of "A Book of One's Own", a work of nonfiction about diarists and diary-writing. The book's rather unexpected success earned Mallon tenure at Vassar College, where he taught English from 1979-1991.

Thomas Mallon's writing style is characterized by charm, wit, and a meticulous attention to detail and character development. His nonfiction often explores "fringe" genres—diaries, letters, plagiarism—just as his fiction frequently tells the stories of characters "on the fringes of big events."

"A Book of One's Own", an informal guide to the great diaries of literature, was published in 1984 and gave Mallon his first dose of critical acclaim. Richard Eder, writing in the "Los Angeles Times" (28 November 1984) called the book "an engaging meditation on the varied and irrepressible spirit of life that insists on preserving itself on paper." In "A Book of One's Own", Mallon covers a wide range of diarists from Samuel Pepys to Anais Nin. He explained his enthusiasm for the genre by saying: "Writing books is too good an idea to be left to authors." The success of "A Book of One's Own" won Mallon a Rockefeller Fellowship in 1986.

Mallon then began publishing fiction, a genre in which he'd informally dabbled throughout childhood and young adulthood. Mallon published his first novel, "Arts and Sciences", in 1988 about Arthur Dunne, a 22-year-old Harvard graduate student in English. Soon after its publication, in 1989, Mallon released a second nonfiction book called "Stolen Words: Forays Into the Origins and Ravages of Plagiarism".

"Henry and Clara", published in 1994, established Mallon as a writer of historical fiction from that point forward. The novel traces the lives of Major Henry Rathbone and Clara Harris, the young couple who accompanied Abraham Lincoln to Ford's Theatre on April 14, 1865. A story of star-crossed lovers intermingles with personal and political tragedies and spans the couple's first meeting in childhood to their eventual derangement. Mallon's writing career took a dramatic turn when John Updike praised "Henry and Clara" in "The New Yorker", calling Mallon "one of the most interesting American novelists at work."

Historical fiction, Mallon has declared in interviews, is the genre in which he is most interested as a writer. "I think the main thing that has led me to write historical fiction is that it is a relief from the self," he explains. American political history has been perhaps his main subject and interest; in 1994, he was the ghostwriter of former Vice President Dan Quayle's memoir, "Standing Firm".

After the publication of "Henry and Clara", Mallon went on to write seven more works of historical fiction, including his most recent novels, "Watergate" (2012), "Finale" (2015), and "Landfall" (2019). "Watergate", a finalist for the 2013 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction, is a retelling of the Watergate scandal from the perspective of seven characters, some familiar to the public memory, such as Nixon's secretary Rose Mary Woods, and some brought to light from the sidelines of the scandal, such as Fred LaRue. "Finale: A Novel of the Reagan Years", one of the "New York Times"' 100 Notable Books of 2015, takes readers to the political gridiron of Washington in 1986; the wealthiest enclaves of southern California; and the volcanic landscape of Iceland, where President Ronald Reagan engages in two almost apocalyptic days of negotiation with Mikhail Gorbachev. Readers of "Finale" find themselves in the shoes of many characters both central and peripheral to the Reagan presidency––from Nancy Reagan to Richard Nixon to actress Bette Davis. 

"Landfall," Mallon's latest novel, takes place during the George W. Bush years against a backdrop of political catastrophe: the Iraq insurgency and Hurricane Katrina, in particular. At the center of the narrative, though, is a love affair between two West Texans, Ross Weatherall and Allison O'Connor, whose destinies have been intertwined with Bush's for decades. Many others in the wide cast of characters––such as Barbara Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld, Christopher Hitchens, and more––will be familiar to most readers.


Openly gay—and recently describing himself as a "supposed literary intellectual/homosexual/Republican," Mallon currently lives with his longtime partner in Washington, D.C. and is a professor emeritus of English at The George Washington University.









</doc>
<doc id="2621114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2621114" title="Harley O. Staggers Jr.">
Harley O. Staggers Jr.

Harley Orrin "Buckey" Staggers Jr. (born February 22, 1951) is an American politician and lawyer who is a member of Democratic Party from West Virginia. He graduated from Harvard University and the West Virginia University College of Law, served as an assistant West Virginia Attorney General, served one term in the West Virginia Senate, and served five terms in the United States House of Representatives.

Staggers was born in Washington, D.C. His father, Harley Staggers Sr., was a Democratic Congressman from West Virginia from 1949 until 1981, when he declined to run for a seventeenth term.

After Staggers (Senior)'s Republican successor, Cleve Benedict, gave up his seat after one term to run against Senator Robert Byrd, Harley Staggers Jr. ran for the seat and won. He was reelected four more times, defeating Oliver Luck in his fourth re-election.

Harley Staggers Jr. lost his seat after West Virginia lost one congressional seat following the 1990 Census. Most of his former 2nd District's territory was merged with the Charleston-based 3rd District of fellow Democrat Bob Wise to form a new . However, his home in Mineral County was drawn into the , represented by fellow Democrat Alan Mollohan. Staggers opted to challenge Mollohan in the Democratic primary and was defeated.

Staggers currently practices law in Keyser, West Virginia.


</doc>
<doc id="2621265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2621265" title="Hopkinson Smith">
Hopkinson Smith

Hopkinson Smith (born December 7, 1946) is an American lutenist and pedagogue, longtime resident in Basel, Switzerland.

Smith was born in New York City, the son of architectural writer and photographer G. E. Kidder Smith. He graduated from Harvard University with Honors in Music (Thesis on ""The Pavans of Daniel Bacheler""). He moved to Europe in 1973 to study lute and vihuela with the renowned Catalan classical guitarist Emilio Pujol, as well as Eugen Mueller-Dombois.

In the mid-1970s, Hopkinson Smith was involved in the founding of the ensemble Hespèrion XX, which led to his ten-year collaboration with Jordi Savall.

Since the mid 1980s, Hopkinson Smith has focused principally on solo music for early plucked instruments. These include the vihuela, Renaissance lute, theorbo, Renaissance and Baroque guitars and the baroque lute.

His 2000 recording of the J.S. Bach sonatas and partitas for solo violin adapted for baroque lute has been called 'arguably the best you can buy of these works – on any instrument' by "Gramophone" magazine.

Hopkinson Smith gives concerts and master classes throughout Europe, Asia, Australia and North and South America. He lives in Basel, Switzerland, where he teaches at the Schola Cantorum Basiliensis.

Hopkinson Smith’s former students include Rolf Lislevand, Miguel Yisrael, Edin Karamazov, Luciano Contini, Andreas Martin, Yasunori Imamura, Rafael Bonavita, and Peter Croton.



</doc>
<doc id="2621481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2621481" title="Richard E. Kim">
Richard E. Kim

Richard Eun Kook Kim (1932–2009) was a Korean–American writer and professor of literature. He was the author of "The Martyred" (1964), "The Innocent" (1968), and "Lost Names" (1970), and many other works. He was a Guggenheim Fellow (1966) and was a recipient of a Fulbright grant. His most popular work is "Lost Names", a fictional work based on his experience during the Japanese colonization of Korea.

Kim Eun Kook, a naturalized U.S. citizen, was born in 1932 in Hamhung, South Hamgyong, a city in what is now North Korea. He was raised first in Korea, then Manchukuo, and then Korea again. His childhood consisted of living during the tail end of the Japanese occupation. After serving in the Republic of Korea Marine Corps and Army, 1950–54, he was honorably discharged as first lieutenant of the Infantry in 1954 and came to the United States in 1955.

He was educated at Middlebury College in Vermont, where he studied political science and history, 1955–59; at Johns Hopkins University (M.A. in writing, 1960); at the University of Iowa's Writers Workshop (M.F.A. 1962); and at Harvard University (M.A. in Far Eastern languages and literature, 1963).

"The Martyred", Kim's first novel, is about the Korean War, which would be made into a play, an opera, and a film. It was also nominated for a National Book Award. It was followed by "The Innocent" (1968), about politics in postwar South Korea, and "Lost Names: Scenes from a Korean Boyhood" (1970), a collection of stories.

His academic experience included various professorships in English at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, Syracuse University, San Diego State University, and at Seoul National University, where he was a Fulbright professor, 1981–83.

He received a Ford Foundation Foreign Area Fellowship (1962–63), a Guggenheim Fellowship (1966), the First Award, Modern Korean Literature Translation Awards (1974), a National Endowment for the Arts Literary Fellowship (1978–79), and other awards and honors.

His published original works include the novels "The Martyred" (1964), "The Innocent" (1968) and "Lost Names" (1970); a children's story, "A Blue Bird" (in Korean, 1983); "In Search of Lost Years" (in Korean, 1985), and "Lost Koreans in China and the Soviet Union: Photo-Essays" (1989). His television work, for KBS-TV of Seoul, includes "200 Years of Christianity in Korea" (1981), "The Korean War" (1983), "On Japan" (1984), "Reflections on the Wartime Massacres" (1985), "A Passage to Manchuria" (1987), "In Search of Lost Koreans in the Soviet Union" (1988), and "The Great Trans-Siberian Railway" (1989). He was a columnist for "The Korea Herald" and "The Chosun Ilbo" (Korea Daily) in Seoul, 1981–84.

Family and life experiences have played a huge role as inspiration for his writing. His father is the more influential of these, and Kim has described his father as a saint. His father is also a major character in his book "Lost Names" (1970).


After twelve Christian ministers are found dead, allegedly at the hand of the Communists, Captain Lee, the narrator, is sent to interview the two survivors. Lee hopes one of them, Reverend Shin, will confess to betraying his colleagues, which Lee could use to discredit the Communists and arouse the support of the Korean Christians for the war. Although Shin is innocent—in fact, he was spared because unlike the others, he refused to denounce his faith—he falsely confesses to the betrayal and, after being "forgiven", becomes a popular preacher who deliberately preserves the people's false image of the fallen ministers as "martyrs", recognizing that his parishioners are already burdened beyond their abilities by the war and that he loves them too much to destroy their faith.

The novel also addresses larger questions about the war and about Korean Christianity, about the juxtaposition between the large-scale suffering of the public during wartime and the individual aspects of faith, hope, confession, etc. Although the story is built around the twelve murdered ministers, Kim returns to the suffering of the innocent Koreans as a whole, thus implicitly posing the question of whether the people of Korea are just as much "martyrs" as the twelve murdered men.

The novel was immensely popular, staying on the "New York Times Bestseller List" for twenty weeks and being translated into ten languages. It was a nominee for the National Book Award and for the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Kim brings back characters from "The Martyred" in this novel set around a fictional "coup d'état" in South Korea (such as the one that occurred in 1961) and about the ethical dilemma encountered by a group of army officers as they realize that morality may require them to do horrific deeds. Major Lee (the captain of the previous novel) wants to use peaceful means to change the corrupt civilian government, believing that violence cannot be used to end violence. But after removing General Ham, the other conspirators want to punish him with execution. Lee is contrasted by his friend Colonel Min, the group leader who prefers more forceful methods, and as the events spiral beyond the control of the conspirators, Min separates himself from Lee's calls for non-violence; still, after the coup's success, Min acknowledges to Lee that Lee's focus on remaining innocent, even if it is unrealistic, prevents Min from being seen as anything other than a murderer.

In this novel Kim reflects on the difficulty not only of rebuilding the nation after a horrific war, but also of maintaining one's innocence amidst so much corruption and in the face of the continued momentum of wartime violence. This novel was not as successful as "The Martyred", perhaps because it was published during protests against the Vietnam War, and enthusiasm for Kim decreased as a result.

A fictional book about Kim's experiences during the Japanese occupation of Korea. However, when discussing the fictional and nonfictional aspects of his book, Kim stated "All the characters and events described in this book are real, but everything else is fiction..." Kim's experiences are not always the most uplifting, but Kim does not intend the book to be interpreted as anti-Japanese. The title "Lost Names" was translated very differently into the Korean language. The "Lost" on the title to the Koreans meant "forcibly taken away", but Kim does not desire for that to be the depiction of the title, he simply meant lost.

His favorite scene in Lost Names is the chapter "Once Upon a Time, on a Sunday." The scene is when the boy is looking up at the night sky realizing everything going on is insignificant compared to the vastness and possibilities the night sky represents.



</doc>
<doc id="2624551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2624551" title="James Reist Stoner Jr.">
James Reist Stoner Jr.

James R. Stoner Jr. (born January 4, 1955 in Washington D.C.) is Hermann Moyse Jr. Professor and Director of the Eric Voegelin Institute in the Department of Political Science at Louisiana State University. Stoner specializes in political theory, English common law, and American constitutionalism.

Stoner graduated summa cum laude with an A.B. from Middlebury College in 1977, where he was a student of Murray Dry and Paul Nelson. He obtained both his M.A. (1980) and Ph.D. (1987) from Harvard University, studying under professor Harvey Mansfield.

Before arriving at LSU in 1988, Stoner was an instructor in Politics and Public Policy at Goucher College. He was a member of the National Council on Humanities until 2006, having been appointed to that post by George W. Bush in 2002. He is also a Senior Fellow of the Witherspoon Institute.

He contributed to the Princeton Principles, a policy paper released July 13, 2006 on the importance of "marriage and the public good." Additionally, Professor Stoner has authored two books: "Common Law and Liberal Theory: Coke, Hobbes, and the Origins of American Constitutionalism", and "Common Law Liberty: Rethinking American Constitutionalism". He has co-edited three books, "Rethinking Business Management: Examining the Foundations of Business Education", "The Social Costs of Pornography: A Collection of Papers", and "The Thriving Society: On the Social Conditions of Human Flourishing", all three of which are collections of papers presented at conferences at Princeton University.

He has lectured, debated, or presented papers at a wide array of universities, including Harvard University, Princeton University, University of Virginia, Georgetown University, the United States Air Force Academy, Michigan State University, Boston College, Middlebury College, Bowdoin College, University of Richmond, Baylor University, Tulane University, Saginaw Valley State University, Salve Regina University, Loyola College of Maryland, Oglethorpe University, University of Alaska-Anchorage, Ave Maria University, St. Vincent College, Rochester Institute of Technology, Berry College, and the Catholic University of America, as well as at the law schools of Villanova University, University of Minnesota, Hamline University, University of St. Thomas, and University of Florida. Stoner served as acting Dean of the LSU Honors College for the Fall 2010 semester and chaired his department from 2007 to 2013.







</doc>
<doc id="2629172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2629172" title="John Lintner">
John Lintner

John Virgil Lintner, Jr. (February 9, 1916 – June 8, 1983) was a professor at the Harvard Business School in the 1960s and one of the co-creators (1965 a, b) of the capital asset pricing model.

For a time, much confusion was created because the various economists working on this model independently failed to realize that they were saying much the same thing. They looked at the issue of capital asset valuation from different perspectives. William F. Sharpe, for example, approached the problem as an individual investor picking stocks. Lintner, on the other hand, approached it from the perspective of a corporation issuing shares of stock.

Lintner was also known for a 1983 presentation he gave to the Financial Analysts Federation. For the first time he presented what has become known as the "Lintner Paper," formally titled “The Potential Role of Managed Commodity-Financial Futures Accounts (and/or Funds) in Portfolios of Stocks and Bonds.” Lintner's research combined a volatile asset, managed futures CTAs, with another volatile asset, stocks, to reduce overall portfolio volatility and improve returns. For NonCorrelated investors LIntner's work was a foundational milestone that has been used to advance this investment discipline. 

Lintner earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Kansas in 1939. He arrived at Harvard for graduate study the next year. He quickly impressed the faculty, and in 1942 became a member of the Society of Fellows, a three-year paid fellowship with no duties except self-directed research.

John Lintner was born to John Virgil and Pearl Lintner in Lone Elm, KS on February 9, 1916. From his first marriage to Sylvia Change, he had two children, John Howland and Nancy Chance. From his second marriage to Eleanor Hodges, he had a stepson, Allan Hodges. Lintner died of a heart attack while driving on June 8, 1983 in Cambridge, MA.

He received an A.B., in 1939 and a M.A., in 1940 from the University of Kansas; a M.A., in 1942; and Ph.D., in 1946 from Harvard University.


Lintner's dividend policy model is a model theorizing how a publicly-traded company sets its dividend policy. The logic is that every company wants to maintain a constant rate of dividend even if the results in a particular period are not up to the mark. The assumption is that investors will prefer to receive a cetain dividend payout.

The model states that dividends are paid according to two factors. The first is the net present value of earnings, with higher values indicating higher dividends. The second is the sustainability of earnings; that is, a company may increase its earnings without increasing its dividend payouts until managers are convinced that it will continue to maintain such earnings. The theory was adopted based on observations that many companies will set their long-run target dividends-to-earnings ratios based upon the amount of positive net-present-value projects that they have available.

The model then uses two parameters, the target payout ratio and the speed where current dividends adjust to that target:

where:

When applying its model to U.S. stocks, Lintner found formula_15 and formula_16.




</doc>
<doc id="2631420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2631420" title="Leo Marx">
Leo Marx

Leo Marx (born November 15, 1919) is a Professor of the History and Philosophy of Science Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is known for his works in the field of American studies. Dr Marx studies the relationship between technology and culture in 19th and 20th century America. He graduated from Harvard University with a BA in history and literature and a PhD in the history of American civilization in 1950. Marx was awarded Guggenheim Fellowships in 1961 and 1965. Marx turned 100 in November 2019.




</doc>
<doc id="2633463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2633463" title="Charles E. Bennett (scholar)">
Charles E. Bennett (scholar)

Charles Edwin Bennett (April 6, 1858 – May 2, 1921) was an American classical scholar and the Goldwin Smith Professor of Latin at Cornell University. He is best remembered for his book "New Latin Grammar", first published in 1895 and still in print .

Born in Providence, Rhode Island, Bennett graduated from Brown University in 1878 and also studied at Harvard (1881–1882) and in Germany (1882–1884). He taught in secondary schools in Florida (1878–1879), New York (1879–1881), and Nebraska (1885–1889), and became professor of Latin in the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1889, of classical philology at Brown University in 1891, and of Latin at Cornell University in 1892. His syntactical studies, notably various papers on the subjunctive, are based on a statistical examination of Latin texts and are marked by a fresh system of nomenclature; he ranks as one of the leaders of the New American School of syntacticians, who insist on a preliminary re-examination of all available data.

Of great importance are his advocacy of quantitative reading of Latin verse and his "Critique of Some Recent Subjunctive Theories" in vol. ix. (1898) of Cornell Studies in Classical Philology, of which he was an editor. Bennett's "Latin Grammar" (1895) is the first successful attempt in America to adopt the method of the brief, scholarly Schulgrammatik. Besides the Latin classics commonly read in secondary courses and other text-books in Bennett's "Latin Series", he edited Tacitus's "Dialogus de Oratoribus" (1894), and Cicero's "De Senectute" (1897) and "De Amicitia" (1897). He wrote "The Teaching of Greek and Latin in Secondary Schools" (1900), with George P. Bristol, and "The Latin Language" (1907), with William Alexander Hammond, and translated "The Characters of Theophrastus" (1902), and the Loeb Classical Library edition of the Odes and Epodes of Horace.

He was president of the American Philological Association in 1907.




</doc>
<doc id="2636144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2636144" title="Robert B. Heilman">
Robert B. Heilman

Robert Bechtold Heilman (July 18, 1906 – August 5, 2004) was an American educator and writer.

Heilman attended Lafayette College and later received his Ph.D. in English from Harvard University in 1935. Soon after, he began teaching at Louisiana State University (LSU). His entry into LSU occurred shortly after the rise of the Fugitive poets. While he was at LSU, many of his colleagues were influenced by the school of New Criticism. In 1948 Heilman joined the University of Washington faculty, as chair of the English department, which he led until his retirement in 1971.

One example of Heilman's writing is his essay "The Southern Temper", in the collection "Southern Renascence: The Literature of the Modern South" (1953). In this piece, Heilman argues that there are five components to Southern writing, and that Southern writing should be valued for its ability to mix these components into a balanced canon:



Heilman contributed for 60 years to the "Sewanee Review", and was an advisory editor for nearly 30 years. The editor from 1973 to 2016, George Core, wrote of him: "The greatness of Bob Heilman was demonstrated many times as he discharged his many offices – teacher, administrator, scholar, critic, editor, essayist, citizen in the body politic – with vast accomplishment and unfailing panache."

Beginning in 1994, the "Sewanee Review" has awarded an annual prize in Heilman's name for the most accomplished book reviewing in the magazine in the calendar year. Recipients of the Robert B. Heilman Prize have been:


</doc>
<doc id="2645090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2645090" title="John Gerstner">
John Gerstner

John Henry Gerstner (November 22, 1914 – March 24, 1996) was a Professor of Church History at Pittsburgh Theological Seminary and Knox Theological Seminary and very knowledgeable on the life and theology of Jonathan Edwards.

He earned both a Master of Divinity degree and a Master of Theology degree from Westminster Theological Seminary. He earned his Doctor of Philosophy degree from Harvard University in 1945. He was originally ordained in the United Presbyterian Church of North America, then (due to church unions) with the United Presbyterian Church in the United States of America and the Presbyterian Church (USA). In 1990, he left the PCUSA for the Presbyterian Church in America.

Gerstner counted among his students noted author and preacher R. C. Sproul, founder of Ligonier Ministries; Dr. Arthur Lindsley, Senior Fellow at the C.S. Lewis Institute, Dr. Walter (Wynn) Kenyon, Professor of Biblical Studies and Philosophy, Chair of the Philosophy Department and Division of Ministry and Human Services at Belhaven University; Rev. Robert Ingram, founding board member and Headmaster of The Geneva School; and Dr. Mark Ross, the John R. de Witt Professor of Systematic Theology and Director of the Institute for Reformed Worship at Erskine Theological Seminary.

In addition to his books, Gerstner recorded several lengthy audio courses giving a survey of theology, church history, and Christian apologetics, which are distributed through Ligonier Ministries. Gerstner was non-dispensationalist.

In 1976, a "Festschrift" was published in Gerstner's honor. "Soli Deo Gloria: Essays in Reformed Theology" included contributions by Cornelius Van Til, J. I. Packer, Philip Edgecumbe Hughes, John Murray, R. C. Sproul, John Warwick Montgomery, and Roger Nicole.





</doc>
<doc id="2648581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2648581" title="Robert L. Bernstein">
Robert L. Bernstein

Robert Louis Bernstein (January 5, 1923 – May 27, 2019) was an American publisher and human rights activist.

Bernstein started as an office boy at Simon & Schuster in 1946, moved to Random House in 1956 and succeeded Bennett Cerf as President and CEO in 1966. He served as the President of Random House for 25 years. He published many great American authors, including William Faulkner, James Michener, Dr. Seuss, Toni Morrison and William Styron.

After being invited to the Soviet Union as part of a delegation from the Association of American Publishers, he became interested in writers whose work could not be published in their own countries. Beginning with Andrei Sakharov and Elena Bonner, he ensured that authors like Václav Havel, Jacobo Timerman, Xu Wenli and Wei Jingsheng were all published around the world.

After his experience in Moscow in 1973, Bernstein returned to the U.S. and established the Fund for Free Expression, the parent organization of Helsinki Watch which was established to monitor the former Soviet Union's compliance with the Helsinki Accords.

In 1988, the series of "Watch Committees" created throughout the 1980s—Americas Watch, Asia Watch, Middle East Watch—merged to become Human Rights Watch, one of the largest human rights organizations in the world. Bernstein served as the Chair of Human Rights Watch from 1978 to 1998, when he became Founding Chair Emeritus. Bernstein was also a board member and Chair Emeritus of Human Rights in China.

Bernstein won numerous awards and honorary degrees, including the Florina Lasker Award from the New York Civil Liberties Union; the Human Rights Award from the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights; the Spirit of Liberty Award from People for the American Way; the Barnard Medal of Distinction from Barnard College; the Curtis Benjamin Award for Distinguished Publishing from the Association of American Publishers; and, in 1998, the United States’ first Eleanor Roosevelt Award for Human Rights, which was presented by President Bill Clinton.

In 2014, Bernstein was honored with a Social Justice Award from The New Press, the non-profit, public interest publishing house set-up by his long-time Random House colleague André Schiffrin.

At Yale in 1998, Bernstein was honored by friends and colleagues with the establishment of the Robert L. Bernstein Fellowships in International Human Rights at Yale Law School. The fellowships are awarded annually to two or three Law School graduates devoted to advancing human rights protection around the world. Bernstein was also honored by New York University School of Law, which established the Robert L. Bernstein Fellowship in International Human Rights in 2006. In 2015, NYU School of Law created the Robert L. Bernstein Institute for Human Rights, a research center that will promote scholarship, education, and advocacy on human rights issues in the United States and abroad.

He was the recipient of honorary doctorates from Swarthmore College, The New School, Bard College, Hofstra University, Bates College, Tougaloo College, and Yale University.

Bernstein served in the U.S. Army Air Force from 1943 to 1946, two of the years overseas in India, where he was a staff sergeant in the U.S. Army Air Corps.

He graduated from Harvard University in 1944, with a bachelor's of science degree.

Robert L. Bernstein was the author of "Speaking Freely: My Life in Publishing and Human Rights", published by The New Press in May 2016.


</doc>
<doc id="2650688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2650688" title="Simon Schaffer">
Simon Schaffer

Simon J. Schaffer (born 1 January 1955) is a professor of the history and philosophy of science at the Department of History and Philosophy of Science at the University of Cambridge and was editor of "The British Journal for the History of Science" from 2004 to 2009.

Schaffer was born in Southampton in 1955. His family moved to Brisbane, Australia that same year, returning to the UK in 1965 to live in Brighton. His father, Bernard, was an academic social scientist who was a professorial fellow at the Institute of Development Studies at the University of Sussex from 1966 until his death in 1984. Simon's mother, Sheila, who died in 2010, was a university librarian and Labour councillor who was Mayor of Brighton in 1995.

Schaffer attended Varndean Grammar School for Boys in Brighton before studying Natural Sciences at Trinity College, Cambridge, specialising in the history and philosophy of science in his final year. While at Trinity, he captained the winning college team in the 1974 "University Challenge". After completing his BA, Schaffer went to Harvard University for a year as a Kennedy Scholar to study the history of science. He returned to Cambridge in 1976, and gained his PhD in 1980 with the thesis "Newtonian cosmology and the steady state". .

Schaffer has taught at Imperial College London and the University of California, Los Angeles. Since 1985, he has been a Fellow of Darwin College, Cambridge. He has authored or co-authored numerous books, including "Leviathan and the Air-Pump: Hobbes, Boyle, and the Experimental Life" with Steven Shapin.
In addition to his work at Cambridge, he has been a presenter on the BBC, in particular the series "Light Fantastic" broadcast on BBC Four in 2004. He has been a regular contributor and reviewer for the "London Review of Books."

In 2005, Schaffer shared the Erasmus Prize with Steven Shapin for "Leviathan and the Air-Pump". In 2013, he received the Sarton Medal, the most prestigious honor awarded by the History of Science Society, in recognition of his "lifetime of scholarly achievement". In 2018, he received the Dan David Prize.




</doc>
<doc id="2660363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2660363" title="James Mann (writer)">
James Mann (writer)

James Mann is a Washington-based journalist and author. He has written a series of non-fiction books, including three about America's relationship with China and four more about American foreign policy. His group biography about George W. Bush's war cabinet, "Rise of The Vulcans", was a "New York Times" best-seller. As a newspaper journalist, he worked for more than two decades for the "Los Angeles Times", where he served as Supreme Court correspondent, Beijing bureau chief, and foreign-policy columnist. Earlier in his career, he worked at "The Washington Post", where he took part in the newspaper's Watergate coverage.

Mann was born and raised in Albany, New York, where both his father Jay D. Mann and his grandfather Abraham Mann were local physicians. His mother, Peggy Lebair Mann, was the coach of women's tennis at the State University of New York at Albany, as well as a longtime tennis umpire who officiated at both the U.S. Open and at Wimbledon. Mann graduated from Harvard University in 1968 with a BA in sociology. During his 33-year newspaper career, he worked for the "New Haven Journal-Courier", "The Washington Post", "The Philadelphia Inquirer", "The Baltimore Sun", and the "Los Angeles Times". He served as Chief of the Beijing bureau of the "Los Angeles Times" from 1984 to 1987.

His magazine articles have appeared in "The New Republic", "The Atlantic Monthly", "The American Prospect", and "The American Lawyer". His 1992 article, "Who Was Deep Throat?", was included in "The Atlantic Monthly"'s collection, "The American Idea: The Best of The Atlantic Monthly: 150 Years of Writers and Thinkers Who Have Shaped Our History".





</doc>
<doc id="2660488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2660488" title="Stephen Fienberg">
Stephen Fienberg

Stephen Elliott Fienberg (27 November 1942 – 14 December 2016) was a Professor Emeritus (formerly the Maurice Falk University Professor of Statistics and Social Science) in the Department of Statistics, the Machine Learning Department, Heinz College, and Cylab at Carnegie Mellon University.

Born in Toronto, Ontario, Fienberg earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics and Statistics from the University of Toronto in 1964, a Master of Arts degree in Statistics in 1965, and a Ph.D. in Statistics in 1968 from Harvard University for research supervised by Frederick Mosteller.

He was on the Carnegie Mellon University faculty from 1980, served as Dean of the Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences, and became a U.S. citizen in 1998. He authored more than 400 publications, including six books, advised more than 30 Ph.D. students, and could claim more than 105 descendants in his mathematical genealogy.

Fienberg was one of the foremost social statisticians in the world, and was well known for his work in log-linear modeling for categorical data, the statistical analysis of network data, and methodology for disclosure limitation. He authored and coauthored books on categorical data analysis, US census adjustment, and forensic science. He was a founder and editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Privacy and Confidentiality".


Fienberg was a recipient of the COPSS Presidents' Award, an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, an elected fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, an elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a fellow of the American Statistical Association and a winner of its Wilks Award, and a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics. He was selected to be the R. A. Fisher Lecturer in 2015. Fienberg was the winner of the 2015 NISS Jerome Sacks Award for Cross-Disciplinary Research,

Stephen Fienberg was married to Joyce Fienberg and had two sons, Anthony and Howard, and six grandchildren. He died on 14 December 2016. Joyce Fienberg died on 27 October 2018. She was one of eleven worshippers murdered during the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting at the Tree of Life – Or L'Simcha synagogue in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


</doc>
<doc id="2660873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2660873" title="Grant Reuber">
Grant Reuber

Grant Louis Reuber, (November 23, 1927 - July 7, 2018) was a Canadian economist, academic, civil servant, and businessman.

Born in Mildmay, Ontario, the son of Jacob Daniel and Gertrude Catherine (Wahl) Reuber, Reuber attended Walkerton High School. He received an honours Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of Western Ontario in 1950. He received his Masters in Economics from Harvard University in 1954 and his Ph.D in 1957.

He was a professor of Economics at the University of Western Ontario from 1962 to 1969, and was the first economist to explicitly use the inverse relationship between unemployment and inflation as a policy constraint. As a result, policy makers could no longer institute policies that lowered inflation without worrying about raising unemployment (and vice versa). He became the first dean of the Faculty of Social Science at the University of Western Ontario in 1969, was named Vice-President (Academic) and Provost in 1974, and served as Chancellor from 1988 to 1992. At the time of his death the President of Western described his contributions to the university as "virtually unrivaled" and said that "no one has played so many important leadership roles within the institution".

From 1979 to 1980, he was the deputy minister of Finance under Joe Clark. From 1983 to 1987, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank of Montreal. From 1993 to 1999 he was chairman of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation, a period in which "virtually every aspect" of the organization was transformed.

From 1996 to 1999, he was chair of the Loran Scholars program, and from 1998 to 2008 he chaired the Donner Prize jury.

In 1986, he was made an officer of the Order of Canada and a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.


</doc>
<doc id="2661671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2661671" title="George W. Clark">
George W. Clark

George Whipple Clark is an American astronomer and professor emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. When he retired, M.I.T. described him as "a central figure in the development of high-energy astrophysics, particularly in the design, analysis, and interpretation of experiments for the study of high-energy cosmic ray particles and the celestial sources of gamma rays and X-rays."

Clark received a bachelor's degree from Harvard in 1949 and a Ph.D. from M.I.T. in 1952.

He was a member of the M.I.T. Physics faculty for 44 years, from his appointment as Instructor in 1952, Assistant Professor in 1954, Professor in 1965, and in 1985 Breene M. Kerr Professor of Physics, until he retired in 1996. From then until 1998, he held a term appointment as Professor. He is currently continuing his research at the MIT Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research.

In the 1950s Clark worked with Bruno Rossi and other collaborators on several large cosmic ray air shower experiments that used the novel methods of density sampling and fast timing to measure the energy spectrum of the primary cosmic rays to 1 billion billion (10^18) electron volts and to determine the distribution of their celestial arrival directions.

In 1962 he was awarded Fulbright and Guggenheim Fellowships. In 1991, he received the M.I.T. School of Science Teaching Prize for his work over many years as the faculty member in charge of Physics 8.13-14 (Experimental Physics).

He received the NASA Exceptional Scientific Achievement Award for his work with Claude R. Canizares on the Focal Plane Crystal Spectrometer experiment on the Einstein X-Ray Observatory. He was a principal scientist for satellite experiments that resulted in the discovery of high-energy gamma rays from galactic and extra-galactic sources. His pioneering work in the use of balloon-borne instrumentation for observing celestial X-ray sources discovered high energy X-rays from the Crab Nebula. Clark was the Principal Investigator for the MIT X-Ray Observatory on the Third Small Astronomy Satellite. He continues his work with observations from the Chandra X-ray Observatory.

Clark is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the National Academy of Sciences.



</doc>
<doc id="2664628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2664628" title="Kevin White (athletic director)">
Kevin White (athletic director)

Kevin Michael White (born September 25, 1950) is an American college administrator who is currently the athletic director at Duke University. He has held this position since May 30, 2008. White succeeded Joe Alleva as the Blue Devils' AD when Alleva accepted the same position at Louisiana State University.

He held similar positions at the University of Notre Dame, Arizona State University, Tulane University, the University of Maine, and Loras College.

White was born in Amityville, New York. Earning a bachelor's degree in business administration in 1972 from St. Joseph's College in Rensselaer, Indiana, White went on to earn a master's degree in athletics administration from Central Michigan University in 1976. He completed his Ph.D. in 1983 at Southern Illinois University with an emphasis in higher education administration. He has done postdoctoral work at Harvard University in the Institute for Educational Management.

White is a career educator, having started as a high school teacher at Gulf High School, in New Port Richey, Florida. While at Gulf High, he coached cross country and track and assisted with the football and wrestling programs.

Holding a Ph.D. in education, White taught management courses at Notre Dame's Mendoza College of Business in the MBA program during spring semesters of his tenure at the school.

As a coach, White served at Southeast Missouri State University (1981–1982) as the head track and field coach, and as assistant track and field and cross country coach at Central Michigan University (1976–1980). While at Loras College he originated the National Catholic Basketball Tournament.

Notre Dame's flagship football program struggled during White's tenure. Notre Dame football teams have started 0–3 only two times in the school's history: in 2001 (the season after White negotiated an extension of coach Bob Davie's contract) and 2007 (two seasons after White gave coach Charlie Weis a 10-year contract extension, which Notre Dame was paying off six seasons after Weis's 2009 firing).

White is also responsible for the hiring of George O'Leary (who was fired a week later after falsifying his resume) and Tyrone Willingham (who started 8–0 but finished 13–15, with eight of those losses coming by 22 points or more, more than any coach in school history). White is also responsible for the hiring and retaining of Duke women's basketball coach Joanne P. McCallie (even after McCallie was investigated by Duke for the mistreatment of players and assistant coaches).

White and his wife Jane have five children, three sons and two daughters. Four of their children work in college athletics: Mike, head coach of the Florida Gators men's basketball team; Danny, athletic director for the UCF Knights; Brian, athletic director for the Florida Atlantic Owls; and Mariah Chappell, assistant athletic director for the SMU Mustangs. Their eldest child, Maureen Treadway, is a high school English teacher in Arizona.

White was inducted into the Suffolk Sports Hall of Fame on Long Island in the Athletic Directors Category with the Class of 2006.



</doc>
<doc id="2665144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2665144" title="Vanessa Lann">
Vanessa Lann

Vanessa Lann (born April 6, 1968, Brooklyn, New York) is an American composer / Dutch composer living in the Netherlands.

Lann is known for contemporary compositions for underutilized instruments such as the bass clarinet, bassoon and toy piano. Her compositions have been broadcast on radio, recorded on compact discs, and performed in music festivals in Europe and North America. She has written numerous types of compositions, including concertos and operas. In 1990, she was musical director at the American Repertory Theater. Reviewer David Toub described her music as "expertly performed". "The New York Times" music reviewer Allan Kozinn described her composition "Is a Bell ... a Bell?" as a "propulsively rhythmic score" which was charming with its use of two toy pianos to bring out "different timbral qualities." Music reviewer Jed Distler described her compositions as "gracious keyboard writing and humor." Dutch music critic for the daily newspaper "de Volkskrant", Frits van der Waa, has reviewed her music on numerous occasions. He described her hour-long opera "The Silence of Saar" in 2013 as an "endless series of mind-numbing variations." He described her music in 2005 as "intense but sweet juicy tension," and her composition for the Delft Chamber Music Festival in 2007 as "beautiful."




</doc>
<doc id="2665818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2665818" title="Grey Ruthven, 2nd Earl of Gowrie">
Grey Ruthven, 2nd Earl of Gowrie

Alexander Patrick Greysteil Ruthven, 2nd Earl of Gowrie, (born in Dublin 26 November 1939), usually known as Grey Gowrie, is a Scottish hereditary peer. He was a Conservative Party politician for some years, including a period in the British Cabinet, and was later Chairman of Sotheby's and of the Arts Council of England. He has also published poetry. Lord Gowrie is the hereditary Clan Chief of Clan Ruthven.

Lord Gowrie was born in Dublin, Ireland, the elder son of Major The Hon. Patrick Hore-Ruthven, only surviving son of The 1st Baron Gowrie and his wife Lady Gowrie. His mother was Pamela Margaret Fletcher (who later married Major Derek Cooper). His younger brother is Malise Ruthven. 

His father was killed in action in 1942, at which point he became his grandfather's heir apparent. When his grandfather, who had been the Governor-General of Australia, was created Earl of Gowrie in 1945, he became known by the courtesy title Viscount Ruthven of Canberra. He was educated at Eton and Balliol College, Oxford, and later at Harvard University.

The young Lord Ruthven succeeded to the Earldom of Gowrie, named for the old Scottish area of Gowrie around Perth, on the death of his grandfather on 2 May 1955; at the same time he succeeded as the 2nd Viscount Ruthven of Canberra, and 2nd Baron Gowrie of Canberra and of Dirleton (East Lothian). On 16 April 1956, he further succeeded his great-uncle (his grandfather's elder brother) The 10th Lord Ruthven of Freeland as the 3rd Baron Ruthven of Gowrie (the Scottish lordship of Ruthven of Freeland passed instead via the female line). He matriculated his coat of arms in 1959.

Lord Gowrie inherited Castlemartin House and Estate at Kilcullen, County Kildare, Ireland, from his great-aunt Sheelagh Blacker in 1967, and later sold it to Tony O'Reilly, to whom he also sold his Dublin home on Fitzwilliam Square. He lived partly in Ireland until 1983, and then moved to 'The Marches' region of Wales, while also maintaining a London residence for much of the period.

Lord Gowrie joined the Conservative front bench under Ted Heath in 1972 as a Lord-in-waiting, a post he held until 1974. He later served under Margaret Thatcher as Minister of State for Employment between 1979 and 1981, and as Minister of State for Northern Ireland between 1981 and 1983 at the Northern Ireland Office (NIO). In 1983 he was sworn of the Privy Council and entered the Cabinet as Minister for the Arts, which he remained until 1985. He was also Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster between 1984 and 1985. Despite being offered the post of Secretary of State for Education and Science he resigned from the Cabinet in 1985, stating that it was impossible for him to live in London on the £33,000 salary provided for the post.

After leaving government, Gowrie became Chairman of Sotheby's (1985–1994) and later of the Arts Council of England - described as "the appointment of a Scot, born in Ireland and living in Wales" to a key English post. At the Arts Council, he secured the role as a distributor of funds from the National Lottery.

Gowrie lectured on English and American literature at Harvard and University College, London. He was Provost of the Royal College of Art. He also made a number of television appearances, including in documentaries on Francis Bacon, artist and British folk revivalist and blues pioneer Rory McEwen, and the National Theatre, as well as multiple episodes of "Question Time".

Lord Gowrie is a patron of the Elton John AIDS Foundation. Together with Dr Rowan Williams and Sir Daniel Day-Lewis, he is a patron of the "Wilfred Owen Association", formed in 1989 to commemorate the life and work of the renowned World War I poet Wilfred Owen. He was also a founding director of the British Friends of the National Gallery of Ireland.

Lord Gowrie published one volume of poetry in his 20s, "Postcard from Don Giovanni", after a period working as an assistant to American poet Robert Lowell, and later co-authored a book on British painting, "The Genius of British Painting", published in 1975. 

In the summer of 1999, having been diagnosed with a serious heart condition, he checked into Harefield Hospital, and, after a heart transplant, and a long recovery, left hospital in 2000; his health has remained frail since. He became friends with his principal surgeon, Sir Magdi Yacoub, and now chairs the institute named for him. Following his release from hospital, he published his first book of poetry for decades, "The Domino Hymn", which contains references to his illness - the title refers to the fact that he was a "domino patient," i.e. one who received a heart from a fellow patient undergoing a heart-and-lung transplant. He later also released "Third Day" with a mix of new and collected poetry.

He was elected in 2003 a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature In January 2009, Grey Gowrie accepted Farad Azima's invitation to chair the Advisory Board of the Iran Heritage Foundation.

Lord Gowrie married Alexandra Bingley, daughter of Colonel Robert Bingley, on 1 November 1962. They had one son:

Lord Gowrie and Alexandra Bingley divorced in 1974. 

On 2 November 1974, Gowrie married Adelheid "Gräfin" von der Schulenburg (b. 24 October 1943), sixth and youngest child and fifth and youngest daughter of Fritz-Dietlof "Graf" von der Schulenburg (1902–10 August 1944), a German "Graf" (Count) and one of the leaders of the 1944 plot to assassinate Hitler, and his wife Charlotte Kotelmann.

Gowrie remained friends with Robert Lowell, his poetic mentor, and was a pallbearer at his funeral. As stated, he is also friends with the eminent surgeon Magdi Yacoub. He was also friends with writer and producer Josephine Hart and with Edward Plunkett, the Anglo-Irish painter, godfather to one of his sons, and purchaser of the Kent house of his famous grandfather, the writer Lord Dunsany.


</doc>
<doc id="2665867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2665867" title="Thomas Tymoczko">
Thomas Tymoczko

A. Thomas Tymoczko (September 1, 1943 – August 8, 1996) was a philosopher specializing in logic and the philosophy of mathematics. He taught at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts from 1971 until his death from stomach cancer in 1996.

His publications include "New Directions in the Philosophy of Mathematics", an edited collection of essays for which he wrote individual introductions, and "Sweet Reason: A Field Guide to Modern Logic", co-authored by Jim Henle. In addition, he published a number of philosophical articles, such as "The Four-Color Problem and its Philosophical Significance", which argues that the increasing use of computers is changing the nature of mathematical proof.

He is considered to be a member of the fallibilist school in philosophy of mathematics. Philip Kitcher dubbed this school the "maverick" tradition in the philosophy of mathematics. (Paul Ernest)

He graduated from Harvard University.

Tymoczko was married to comparative literature scholar Maria Tymoczko of the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Their three children include music composer Dmitri Tymoczko and Smith College mathematics professor Julianna Tymoczko.


</doc>
<doc id="2666752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2666752" title="James W. Loewen">
James W. Loewen

James William Loewen (born February 6, 1942) is an American sociologist, historian, and author, who is best known for his 1995 book, "Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong", which was republished in 2008, and then again in 2018.

Loewen was born in Decatur, Illinois, to Winifred and David F. Loewen, on February 6, 1942. His mother was a librarian and teacher, and his father was a medical director and doctor from an immigrant Mennonite community. Loewen grew up in Decatur. He was a National Merit Scholar as a graduate in 1960 from MacArthur High School.

Loewen attended Carleton College. In 1963, as a junior, he spent a semester in Mississippi, an experience in a different culture that led to his questioning what he had been taught about United States history. He was intrigued by learning about the unique place of nineteenth-century Chinese immigrants and their descendants in Mississippi culture, commonly thought of as biracial. Loewen went on to earn a PhD in sociology from Harvard University based on his research on Chinese Americans in Mississippi.

Loewen first taught in Mississippi at Tougaloo College, a historically black college founded by the American Missionary Association after the American Civil War. For 20 years, Loewen taught about racism at the University of Vermont, where he is now professor "emeritus" of sociology. Since 1997, he has been a visiting professor of Sociology at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C.

Loewen co-authored a United States history textbook, "Mississippi: Conflict and Change" (1974), which won the Lillian Smith Book Award for Best Southern Nonfiction in 1975. However, the book was rejected for use in Mississippi's public schools by the Mississippi Textbook Purchasing Board on the grounds that it was too controversial and placed too much focus on racial matters.

Loewen challenged the Board's decision in a lawsuit, "Loewen v. Turnipseed" (1980). Judge Orma R. Smith of the U.S. District Court ruled that the rejection of the textbook was not based on "justifiable grounds", and that the authors were denied their right to free speech and press.

The American Library Association considers "Loewen v. Turnipseed", 488 F. Supp. 1138 (N.D. Miss. 1980), a historic First Amendment case and one of the foundations of the "right to read freely."

Loewen spent two years at the Smithsonian Institution, where he studied and compared twelve American history textbooks then widely used throughout the United States. He published his findings in "Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong" (1995). He concluded that textbook authors propagate factually false, Eurocentric, and mythologized views of history. Loewen points out in the book that many of the distortions found in American history texts are "not even by the authors whose names grace the cover." In March 2012, the book's publisher, The New Press, listed "Lies My Teacher Told Me" as their top all-time bestseller.

The book reflects Loewen's belief that history should not be taught as straightforward facts and dates to memorize, but rather as analysis of the context and root causes of events. Loewen recommends that teachers use two or more textbooks, so that students may realize the contradictions and ask questions, such as, "Why do the authors present the material like this?"

Rebecca Stefoff, known for her adaptation of Howard Zinn's bestseller "A People's History of the United States" for young readers, makes "Lies My Teacher Told Me" accessible for younger readers in "Lies My Teacher Told Me: Young Readers Edition" (2019).

Loewen builds off of "Lies My Teacher Told Me" in "Teaching What Really Happened: How to Avoid the Tyranny of Textbooks & Get Students Excited About Doing History" and lays out an argument for how history should be taught at the elementary and secondary levels. The first four chapters get to the heart of Loewen’s argument on how history should be taught and chapters 5–10 are about specific issues in history and how to teach them effectively. Chapter one makes the argument that history teachers need to free themselves from the history textbooks and go more in depth with specific issues in history. In chapter two Loewen argues that teacher expectations play a role in student performance, and knowing this can help teachers to close achievement gaps among students. The third chapter lays out why historiography is and should be important to students. Chapter four gives teachers ways to help students “Do history, [and] not merely learn it”.

Chapters 5–10 treat special cases in history such as slavery and the South seceding from the United States. At the end of each chapter is a “Focused Bibliography" which lists additional readings that Loewen feels are important to the chapter. The book is focused at current and future teachers, who may be frustrated with the way that history is usually presented at the elementary and secondary levels and provides ideas on how it should be taught and how to get students engaged.

Continuing his interest in racism in the United States, Loewen wrote "", which was released in 2005. The book documents the histories of sundown towns, which are towns where African Americans, Jews, and other minority groups were forced (or strongly encouraged) to leave prior to sundown in order to avoid racist violence threatened and perpetrated by the towns' majority white populations. A review of the book, in the "Washington Post", noted that even though Loewen dedicated an entire chapter to research methodology, his claims regarding the number of communities which supported racial exclusion policies is both widely variable and vague. The review stated "This vagueness, along with Loewen's almost evangelical passion for his material, raises questions of credibility – or at least of potential overstatement." Loewen has written about sundown towns repeatedly throughout his career, including in "Lies Across America", where he notably cited the affluent suburb of Darien, Connecticut as meeting his definition of a modern-day "de facto" sundown town.

"Sundown Towns" garnered the illustrious Gustavus Myers Outstanding Book Award. It also gained excellent reviews in "Publishers Weekly" and "Booklist". The book inspired a nationwide online initiative to monitor and list sunset towns across the USA.

In 2010, Loewen and Edward H. Sebesta co-authored the book "The Confederate and Neo-Confederate Reader: The Great Truth about the Lost Cause", an anthology containing a wide array of primary source documents pertaining to the Confederacy from the time of the American Civil War.

At present, Loewen is researching a new book, "Surprises on the Landscape: Unexpected Places That Get History Right". The book is planned as follow-up to "Lies Across America", which noted historically inaccurate or misleading historical markers and sites across the United States. "Surprises" will call attention to historical sites that are accurate and provide honest representations of events. His official website invites the public to comment on what towns and historical sites should be included in terms of presenting history right.

Loewen has published the following works:




</doc>
<doc id="2671726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2671726" title="Benjamin Ames">
Benjamin Ames

Benjamin Ames (October 30, 1778 – September 28, 1835) was the third Governor of the U.S. state of Maine, who served from December 5, 1821 to January 2, 1822. 

Ames was born in Andover, Massachusetts. He graduated Harvard University in 1803, studied law with Samuel Dana, and attained admission to the bar in 1806. He then relocated to Bath, Maine, where he established a practice. Beginning in 1811 he practiced with his brother in law Abel Boynton.

Ames served as County Attorney for Lincoln County from 1807 to 1811, and Judge of Common Pleas Court until 1814. During the War of 1812, Ames was commissioned as a major and commanded a cavalry battalion in the Maine Militia.

From 1818 to 1828 he served as a member of Bowdoin College's Board of Overseers. In 1819 he was a delegate to the constitutional convention that led to Maine's separation from Massachusetts and statehood.

In 1820, Ames was also elected to the Maine House of Representatives, and he was selected as that body's first Speaker. Upon the resignation of William D. Williamson in December 1821, Ames served as governor until Daniel Rose took office in January 1823.

Ames was elected to the Maine Senate in 1824, and served as its fifth President. With the elections of 1827, he returned to the state House of Representatives.

In 1827, Ames became involved in a dispute with former Governor William King over who would be appointed as the federal Collector of Customs for the Port of Bath; the dispute became personal, with each accusing the other of violating the national trade embargo with England to supply the British Army in Canada during the War of 1812. King received the appointment, and served from 1829 to 1834.

The prolonged dispute with King caused Ames to lose legal clients; his law practice failed, and he moved to Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1829, he decided to return to Maine; while in Providence, Rhode Island, Ames suffered a debilitating stroke. He never fully recovered, and he died at the Houlton, Maine home of his brother in law Benjamin A. Boynton on September 28, 1835. He was buried at Soldiers Cemetery in Houlton.

In 1809, Ames married Mary Boynton of Westford, Massachusetts. She died in 1810, and they had no children. In 1812, he married Sarah "Sally" Boynton, the sister of his first wife. They were the parents of three children, son George, and two daughters.




</doc>
<doc id="2674381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2674381" title="Michael Kammen">
Michael Kammen

Michael Gedaliah Kammen (October 25, 1936 – November 29, 2013) was an American professor of American cultural history in the Department of History at Cornell University. At the time of his death, he held the title "Newton C. Farr professor emeritus of American history and culture".

Kammen was born in 1936 in Rochester, New York, grew up in the Washington, DC area, and was educated at the George Washington University and Harvard University, where he received his Ph.D. in 1964 after studying under Bernard Bailyn. He began teaching at Cornell upon completion his graduate studies at Harvard and taught until retiring to emeritus status in 2008. Beginning as a scholar of the colonial period of American history, his interests eventually broadened to include American legal, cultural, and social issues of the 19th and 20th centuries.

One of his first major books, "", won the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1973. A later work, "A Machine That Would Go of Itself: The Constitution in American Culture" (1986), won the Francis Parkman Prize and the Henry Adams Prize. In this work, Kammen describes the American people's evolving conceptions of the U.S. Constitution and of constitutional governance, stressing both mechanical and organic conceptions of constitutional development over time.

Kammen was active in organizations advancing the study of history, and served as president of the Organization of American Historians for the 1995-96 year.

He was the father of UC Berkeley professor Daniel Kammen.




</doc>
<doc id="2679489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2679489" title="Winston Tubman">
Winston Tubman

Winston A. Tubman (born 1941) is a Liberian diplomat and politician of Americo-Liberian descent. He is a former justice minister and diplomat for the nation, as well as having been the standard bearer of the Congress for Democratic Change (CDC).

Born in the Maryland County town of Pleebo, Tubman is the nephew of William V. S. Tubman, Liberia's longest serving president. He has degrees from the London School of Economics, Cambridge University and Harvard University.

A member of the bar, he founded his own law firm in 1968 and served as legal adviser to the Ministry of Planning and Economic Affairs during his uncle's administration. Tubman has extensive United Nations experience. His first job was in the Legal Office in 1973. He served under Samuel Doe as Justice Minister from 1982 to 1983, and he has served as the Permanent Representative of Liberia to the United Nations for the period 1979-81. Tubman traveled to the United States in 1990 on behalf of Doe to lobby (ultimately unsuccessfully) the American government to intervene in the First Liberian Civil War. He more recently served as the Secretary-General's representative and head of the United Nations Political Office for Somalia from 2002 to 2005.

Tubman was the National Democratic Party of Liberia's (NDPL) presidential candidate in the 11 October 2005 election. He was defeated in the first round, placing fourth with 9.2% of the vote.

On May 1, 2011, the CDC chose Tubman as its presidential candidate for the 2011 election, with George Weah, the second-place candidate in the 2005 election, as his running mate.


</doc>
<doc id="2683249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2683249" title="Darcy Burner">
Darcy Burner

Darcy Gibbons Burner (born November 12, 1970) is an American businesswoman and politician. A member of the Democratic Party from Carnation, Washington. She was the Democratic nominee for in 2006 and 2008, losing to Republican incumbent Dave Reichert in both elections. She was then a candidate in the open primary for the newly redrawn in 2012 finishing third behind Republican John Koster and Democrat Suzan DelBene. On February 22, 2016 she launched a campaign for the Washington state legislature in the 5th legislative district.

Burner was adopted at birth in Alaska and grew up in a Republican household in Nebraska farm country. Her father, Ralph Gibbons, spent 20 years in the Air Force, settling after his military retirement with his wife and five kids in Fremont, Nebraska. Burner was the Civil Air Patrol National Cadet of the Year in 1989.

In high school, Burner was a National Merit Scholar. She worked multiple jobs, both part-time and full-time, to earn her way through Harvard University, graduating in 1996 with a B.A. in computer science with a special field of economics. Following graduation, she became co-founder, keyboardist and co-songwriter of Ossian's Ride, the world's first (and last) Heavy Celtic Space Punk band. She also briefly attended law school at the University of Washington in 2004. Her jobs included working for Lotus Development, Asymetrix, and, starting in 2000, as a lead product manager for Microsoft .NET.

Burner married in 1993. She and her former husband Michael have a son, Henry, born in 2003. After a 2015 divorce, she married Jonathan S. Shapiro.

Burner worked for twelve years in high technology, including five years at Microsoft as a Marketing Manager, working on .NET. Burner left Microsoft to attend law school at the University of Washington in 2004. She left her law studies in 2005 to enter her first political race against Reichert.

She served on the boards of a number of local and national organizations, including ActBlue, NARAL Pro-Choice America, the Netroots Foundation, the Center for International Policy, the Progressive Ideas Network, and Council for a Livable World's PeacePAC.

From 2009 to 2011 she was the president and executive director of ProgressiveCongress.org and the Progressive Congress Action Fund, non-profits associated with the Congressional Progressive Caucus. She was also a principal in the Afghanistan Study Group, whose report on ending the war in Afghanistan was endorsed by both Republicans and Democrats.

Burner had been a volunteer in the unsuccessful 2004 campaign of Dave Ross for , an open seat, and was a local Democratic activist. In 2006, she became a first-time candidate running for the same seat against freshman Republican U.S. Representative Dave Reichert. She was supported via small dollar donors using the Democratic online fundraising website ActBlue, and both national parties spent heavily on the race.

Between August and October 2006, political commentary indicated growing support for the Democratic candidate, and multiple polls showed Burner in a virtual tie with Reichert with just weeks left before the election. In late October the two major Seattle newspapers split in their endorsements: The "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" endorsed Burner while the "Seattle Times", which had endorsed Democrat Dave Ross in 2004, endorsed Reichert.

Burner conceded at a press conference on November 14, 2006. Dave Reichert's final margin of victory was 7,341, just over 2.9% of the votes.

Burner ran for the 8th district seat again in the 2008 election.

According to FEC reports, Burner outraised Dave Reichert in her campaign. One of her issues during the election cycle was an end to the war in Iraq. She wrote A Responsible Plan to End the War in Iraq, which was endorsed by more than 50 candidates for the U.S. House and U.S. Senate as well as Major General Paul Eaton, former Security Transition Commanding General in Iraq; Dr. Lawrence Korb, former Assistant Secretary of Defense in the Reagan Administration; Capt. Larry Seaquist, former commander of the U.S.S. Iowa and former Acting Deputy Secretary of Defense for Policy Planning; and Brigadier General John Johns, specialist in counterinsurgency and nationbuilding. The plan was cited on the floor of the U.S. House. Burner was briefly challenged in the 2008 Democratic primary by State Senator Rodney Tom, who endorsed her in September 2007.

Burner's home on Ames Lake, near Carnation, Washington, was completely destroyed by a fire during the 2008 campaign for Congress.

She conceded November 7, 2008 after The Associated Press determined that Reichert's lead for the 8th District seat was insurmountable. When all the ballots were tallied, Reichert had won with 53% of the vote compared to Burner's 47%.

Burner lost in the August primary election for the open seat in , being vacated by Jay Inslee.

At the 2012 Netroots Nation conference in early June 2012, Burner was a keynote speaker who asked the women in attendance if they had had an abortion and were willing to let it be known. She is quoted as having said, 
"If you are a woman in this room who has had an abortion and is willing to come out about it, please stand up."
Later she explained, "The people who don’t want them to be able to stand up, who don’t want people to stand with them, are the people who are trying to shame them into silence and it’s long past time we stopped giving into them." She further said during the Keynote "People think they don't know women who've had abortions, when in fact their mothers or their sisters or their co-workers or their friends often have. Women being able to come out of the closet and being able to say 'I've had an abortion' would change people's view of what it meant."

In February 2016, Darcy Burner began running for the Washington House of Representatives, seeking to represent 5th Legislative District. On February 17, she received the endorsement of the 5th Legislative District Democrats. This nomination was also sought by Matt Larson (D), the Mayor of Snoqualmie. In the August, 2016 primary, Burner finished in the top two with Republican Paul Graves, a Seattle attorney whose practice focuses on toxic torts. Graves and Burner moved on to face each other in the November general election. Graves defeated Burner.

Burner describes herself as a "practical progressive". Her positions include pro-choice on abortion, repeal of the Defense of Marriage Act, support for stem cell research, and extending military health coverage to families of Reservists and National Guardsmen.



</doc>
<doc id="2687634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2687634" title="Barry Bingham Sr.">
Barry Bingham Sr.

George Barry Bingham Sr. (February 10, 1906 – August 15, 1988) was the patriarch of a family that dominated local media in Louisville for several decades in the 20th century.

Bingham's family owned a cluster of influential media properties – "The Courier-Journal" and "The Louisville Times" newspapers, plus WHAS Radio and WHAS Television. The papers had been purchased by his father, Col. Robert Worth Bingham, using proceeds from an inheritance left by his second wife, Mary Lily Kenan Flagler, herself the widow of railroad magnate Henry Flagler.

Bingham attended Harvard University, then went into the family businesses. In 1931, he married Mary Caperton, a Radcliffe graduate. Bingham Sr. took the reins of the company in 1937; his elder brother Robert Worth Bingham Jr was considered incapable of taking control of the family business because of his alcoholism, and settled in England, where he married. At the time, "The C-J" was little more than a Democratic Party organ, but Bingham built it into national prominence, thanks to reporting that was ambitious in scope for a newspaper in a city of Louisville's size. Throughout Bingham's tenure, the editorial voices of the "C-J & Times" was forthrightly liberal, especially for a fairly conservative (though predominantly Democratic at the time) state like Kentucky. The newspapers were recipients of six Pulitzer Prizes, including one for public service in 1967, plus countless other awards during the Bingham years. "The Courier-Journal" became the commonwealth's dominant newspaper, a position it retains to this day. He also founded WHAS-TV, the city's second television station, and founded the WHAS Crusade for Children, a telethon broadcast on both the radio and television stations that today collects more than $6,000,000 each year for local children's charities. The family also owned Standard Gravure, a rotogravure printing company that printed the newspapers' Sunday magazine section, plus Sunday sections for other newspapers.

In World War II, Bingham served as an officer in the United States Navy, and was twice awarded the Bronze Star. Bingham Sr. was given the rank of Commandeur, Légion d'honneur, by French government for service. In 1950, he was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He was a Fulbright lecturer at Oxford University in 1955.

On July 7, 1951, Bingham, along with Jane Darwell, was a guest on the CBS variety television series, "Faye Emerson's Wonderful Town", when the program hosted Louisville and its music heritage.

In 1971, Bingham stepped down from day-to-day operations and handed over the operations of the company to his remaining son, Barry Bingham Jr. Bingham Sr. died on August 15, 1988, at age 82. Bingham Jr. died on April 3, 2006.





</doc>
<doc id="2694875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2694875" title="Frank Kameny">
Frank Kameny

Franklin Edward "Frank" Kameny (May 21, 1925 – October 11, 2011) was an American gay rights activist. He has been referred to as "one of the most significant figures" in the American gay rights movement.

In 1957, Kameny was dismissed from his position as an astronomer in the U.S. Army's Army Map Service in Washington, D.C. because of his homosexuality, leading him to begin "a Herculean struggle with the American establishment" that would "spearhead a new period of militancy in the homosexual rights movement of the early 1960s".

Kameny formally appealed his firing by the U.S. Civil Service Commission due to homosexuality. Although unsuccessful, the proceeding was notable as the first known civil rights claim based on sexual orientation pursued in a U.S. court.

Kameny was born to Ashkenazi Jewish parents in New York City. He attended Richmond Hill High School and graduated in 1941. In 1941, at age 16, Kameny went to Queens College to learn physics and at age 17 he told his parents that he was an atheist. He was drafted into the United States Army before completion. He served in the Army throughout World War II in Europe, and later served 20 years on the Selective Service board. After leaving the Army, he returned to Queens College and graduated with a baccalaureate in physics in 1948. Kameny then enrolled at Harvard University; while a teaching fellow at Harvard, he refused to sign a loyalty oath without attaching qualifiers, and exhibited a skepticism against accepted orthodoxies. He graduated with both a master's degree (1949) and doctorate (1956) in astronomy. His doctoral thesis was entitled "A Photoelectric Study of Some RV Tauri and Yellow Semiregular Variables" and was written under the supervision of Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin.

While on a cross-country return trip from Tucson, where he had just completed his research for his PhD thesis, he was arrested by plainclothes police officers at a San Francisco bus terminal after a stranger had approached and groped him. He was promised that his criminal record would be expunged after serving three years' probation, relieving him from worrying about his employment prospects and any attempt at fighting the charges.

Relocating to Washington, D.C., Kameny taught for a year in the Astronomy Department of Georgetown University and was hired in July 1957 by the United States Army Map Service. When they learned of his San Francisco arrest, Kameny's superiors questioned him, but he refused to provide information regarding his sexual orientation. Kameny was fired by the commission soon afterward. In January 1958, he was barred from future employment by the federal government. As author Douglass Shand-Tucci later wrote,

Kameny was the most conventional of men, focused utterly on his work, at Harvard and at Georgetown... He was thus all the more rudely shocked when the same fate befell him as we've seen befall Prescott Townsend, class of 1918, decades before... He was arrested. Later he would be fired. And, like Townsend, Kameny was radicalized.

Kameny appealed his firing through the judicial system, losing twice before seeking review from the United States Supreme Court, which turned down his petition for "certiorari". After devoting himself to activism, Kameny never held a paid job again and was supported by friends and family for the rest of his life. Despite his outspoken activism, he rarely discussed his personal life and never had any long-term relationships with other men, stating merely that he had no time for them. He stated, "If I disagree with someone, I give them a chance to convince me they are right. And if they fail, then I am right and they are wrong and I will just have to fight them until they change."

Kameny eschewed conventional racial designations; throughout his life, he consistently cited his race as "human".

In 1961 Kameny and Jack Nichols, fellow co-founder of the Washington, D.C., branch of the Mattachine Society, launched some of the earliest public protests by gays and lesbians with a picket line at the White House on April 17, 1965. In coalition with New York's Mattachine Society and the Daughters of Bilitis, the picketing expanded to target the United Nations, the Pentagon, the United States Civil Service Commission, and Philadelphia's Independence Hall for what became known as the Annual Reminder for gay rights. Kameny also wrote to President Kennedy asking him to change the rules on homosexuals being purged from the government.

In 1963, Kameny and Mattachine launched a campaign to overturn D.C. sodomy laws; he personally drafted a bill that finally passed in 1993. He also worked to remove the classification of homosexuality as a mental disorder from the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.

In 1971, Kameny became the first openly gay candidate for the United States Congress when he ran in the District of Columbia's first election for a non-voting Congressional delegate. Following his defeat by Democrat Walter E. Fauntroy, Kameny and his campaign organization created the Gay and Lesbian Alliance of Washington, D.C., an organization which continues to lobby government and press the case for equal rights.

In 1972, Kameny and Barbara Gittings convinced the American Psychiatric Association (APA) to hold a debate, "Psychiatry: Friend or Foe to the Homosexual?; A Dialogue" at their annual meeting in Dallas. It was for this debate that Dr. John E. Fryer, a gay psychiatrist in disguise as "Dr. Henry Anonymous", testified as to how homosexuality being listed as a mental disease in the APA's "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders" (DSM) affected the lives of gay psychiatrists and other homosexuals. Kameny had approached numerous gay psychiatrists, but Fryer was the only one who agreed to testify, and even he would only do so in disguise for fear of losing his position at Temple University, where he did not have tenure. The following year, the APA removed homosexuality from the DSM. Kameny described that day - December 15, 1973 - as the day "we were cured en masse by the psychiatrists."

"" author Randy Shilts documented Kameny's work in advising several service members in their attempts to receive honorable discharges after being discovered to be gay. For 18-year-old Marine Jeffrey Dunbar:

Kameny lined up gay ex-Marines to testify at the young man's hearing. "The Washington Post" ran an editorial supporting an upgraded discharge, noting that Dunbar "was involved in no scandal and had brought no shame on the Marine Corps", and called the undesirable discharge "strange and, we think, pointless way of pursuing military 'justice'."

In 1975, his long search for a gay service member with an impeccable record to initiate a challenge to the military's ban on homosexuals culminated in protege Leonard Matlovich, a Technical Sergeant in the United States Air Force with 11 years of unblemished service and a Purple Heart and Bronze Star, purposely outing himself to his commanding officer on March 6, 1975. Matlovich had first read about Kameny's goal in an interview in the "Air Force Times". Talking first by telephone, they eventually met and, along with ACLU attorney David Addlestone, planned the legal challenge. Their relationship was strained after Matlovich's interview with the "New York Times Magazine", as Kameny felt that Matlovich had portrayed the gay community negatively by saying that he would have preferred to be straight.

Discharged in October 1975, Matlovich was ordered reinstated by a federal district court in 1980 in a ruling that, technically, would only have applied to him. Convinced the Air Force would create another excuse to discharge him again, Matlovich accepted a financial settlement instead, and continued his gay activism work until his death from AIDS complications in June 1988. Kameny was an honorary pallbearer at his funeral and spoke at graveside services in Washington DC's Congressional Cemetery.

On March 26, 1977, Kameny and a dozen other members of the gay and lesbian community, under the leadership of the then-National Gay Task Force, briefed then-Public Liaison Midge Costanza on much-needed changes in federal laws and policies. This was the first time that gay rights were officially discussed at the White House.

Kameny was appointed as the first openly gay member of the District of Columbia's Human Rights Commission in the 1970s.

In 2007, Kameny's death was mistakenly reported by "The Advocate" in its May 22 "Pride issue", alongside a mistaken report that he had HIV. The report was retracted with an apology, and Kameny asked "The Advocate", "Did you give a date of death?"

In 2007, Kameny wrote a letter to the conservative, anti-gay publication WorldNetDaily in defense of Idaho Republican senator Larry Craig regarding Craig's arrest for solicitation of sex in a Minneapolis airport bathroom; he ended it with the following: "I am no admirer of Larry Craig and hold out no brief for him. He is a self-deluding hypocritical homophobic bigot. But fair is fair. He committed no crime in Minneapolis and should not suffer as if he did." "The New York Times"' Frank Rich joined Kameny in calling for Craig's pardon.

In November 2007, Kameny wrote an open letter of protest to NBC journalist Tom Brokaw (and his publisher Random House), who wrote "Boom!: Voices of the Sixties Personal Reflections on the '60s and Today", over the total lack of mention of gay and lesbian rights activism during the 1960s and upbraiding Brokaw for having "'de-gayed' an entire generation". The letter was co-signed by former "Washington Post" editor Howard Kurtz, Harry Rubinstein (curator, National Museum of American History), John Earl Haynes, Dudley Clendinen and Stephen Bottum. Brokaw appeared on Kurtz's CNN show "Reliable Sources" to defend the exclusion, saying that "the gay rights movement came slightly later. It lifted off during that time and I had to make some choices about what I was going to concentrate on. The big issues were the anti-war movement, the counterculture."

Kameny suffered from heart disease in his last years, but maintained a full schedule of public appearances, his last being a speech to an LGBT group in Washington DC on September 30, 2011.

Frank Kameny was found dead in his Washington home on October 11, 2011 (National Coming Out Day). The medical examiner determined the cause of death to be natural causes due to arteriosclerotic cardiovascular disease.

In 2006 Kameny and Barbara Gittings received the first John E. Fryer, MD Award from the American Psychiatric Association.

In 2007, the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History included Kameny's picket signs carried in front of the White House in 1965 in the Smithsonian exhibit "Treasures of American History". The Smithsonian now has 12 of the original picket signs carried by gay and lesbian Americans at this, the first ever White House demonstration for gay rights. The Library of Congress acquired Kameny's papers in 2006, documenting his life and leadership.

In February 2009, Kameny's home in Washington was designated as a D.C. Historic Landmark by the District of Columbia's Historic Preservation Review Board.

On June 29, 2009, John Berry (Director of the Office of Personnel Management) formally apologized to Kameny on behalf of the United States government. Berry, who is openly gay, presented Kameny with the Theodore Roosevelt Award, the department's most prestigious award.

On June 10, 2010, following a unanimous vote by the Dupont Circle Advisory Neighborhood Commission, Washington, D. C. mayor Adrian Fenty unveiled new street signs designating 17th Street between P and R streets, N.W., as "Frank Kameny Way" in Kameny's honor. At a luncheon on December 10, 2010 in the Caucus room of the Cannon House Office Building, Kameny was honored with the 2010 Cornelius R. "Neil" Alexander Humanitarian Award.

Kameny was invited to attend the December 22, 2010, ceremony where President Barack Obama signed the Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal Act of 2010. Kameny was a member of Triangle Foundation's Board of Advisors.

Following Kameny's death, the giant rainbow flag on the tall flagpole at the corner of Market Street and Castro Street in the Castro neighborhood of San Francisco was flown at half-staff for 24 hours beginning on the afternoon of October 12, 2011 at the request of the creator of the rainbow flag, Gilbert Baker.

On November 2, 2011, Kameny's house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

On 3 July 2012, Minor Planet (40463) "Frankkameny" was named in Kameny's honor by the International Astronomical Union and the Minor Planet Center.

In 2013 Kameny was inducted into the Legacy Walk, an outdoor public display in Chicago which celebrates LGBT history and people.

In 2015 Kameny received a U.S. Veterans Administration memorial headstone, at Washington, D.C.'s Congressional Cemetery at his memorial site; the headstone was dedicated during a ceremony on the morning of November 11, 2015; Veteran's Day. In front of that headstone lays a marker inscribed with the slogan "Gay is Good". Kameny coined that slogan, and in a 2009 AP interview said about coining it, "If I am remembered for anything I hope it will be that."

In June 2019, Kameny was one of the inaugural fifty American “pioneers, trailblazers, and heroes” inducted on the National LGBTQ Wall of Honor within the Stonewall National Monument (SNM) in New York City’s Stonewall Inn. The SNM is the first U.S. national monument dedicated to LGBTQ rights and history, and the wall’s unveiling was timed to take place during the 50th anniversary of the Stonewall riots.

Notes
Bibliography

Biographical

Congressional testimony

Interviews

News


</doc>
<doc id="2701039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2701039" title="Subramanian Swamy">
Subramanian Swamy

Subramanian Swamy (born 15 September 1939) is an Indian politician, economist, and statistician who serves as a nominated Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament. Swamy has served as a member of the Planning Commission of India and was a Cabinet Minister in the Chandra Shekhar government. Earlier in November 1978, Swamy was member of the Group of Eminent persons and was called to Geneva, Switzerland to prepare a report of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) on Economic Co-operation between Developing countries (ECDC). Swamy also simplified trade procedures and formulated a new export strategy which became the forerunner of trade reform adopted subsequently. In 1994, Swamy was Chairman of the Commission on Labour Standards and International Trade by former Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao.

He also serves as chairman of the Board of Governors of the SCMS Group of Educational Institutions in Kerala. He has written on foreign affairs of India dealing largely with People's Republic of China (PRC), Pakistan and Israel. He was nominated to Rajya Sabha on 26 April 2016.

Subramanian Swamy was born in Mylapore, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India to a family which hailed originally from Madurai in Tamil Nadu. His father, Sitarama Subramanian, was a bureaucrat and his mother, Padmavathi, was a homemaker. He has one younger brother, Ram Subramanian as well as two younger sisters.

Sitaraman Subramanian was an officer in the Indian Statistical Service who served as the director of the Central Statistical Institute in Delhi, and was a statistical adviser to the Government of India. The family, which hailed from Madurai in Tamil Nadu, moved to New Delhi when Swamy was only six months old. Due to his father's job and the family's Tamil roots, major national leaders like K. Kamaraj, C. Rajagopalachari and S. Satyamurti often visited Sitaraman.

Swamy attended Hindu College, University of Delhi, from where he earned his Bachelors Honours degree in Mathematics. He then took his master's degree in Statistics from the Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata. He was later recommended by Hendrik S. Houthakker and went to study at Harvard University on a full Rockefeller scholarship, where he received his PhD in Economics in 1965, with his thesis titled "Economic Growth and Income Distribution in a Developing Nation". His thesis adviser was Nobel Laureate Simon Kuznets. While he was a doctoral student at Harvard, he attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a cross-registered student and later worked at the United Nations Secretariat in New York City as an Assistant Economics Affairs Officer in 1963. He subsequently worked as a resident tutor at Lowell House at Harvard University and in 1986, served as consultant to the World Bank.

In July 1965, immediately after obtaining his PhD in economics from Harvard, Swamy joined the "Department of Economics" at Harvard Faculty of Arts and Sciences as an assistant professor. In 1969, he was made an associate professor. As associate professor, he was invited by Amartya Sen to occupy the chair on Chinese studies at the Delhi School of Economics. He accepted the offer, and indeed he even travelled to India to take up the position, but his appointment was cancelled at the last minute due to his views on India's economic policy and also its nuclear policy. At that time, India was still partially oriented towards Socialism and the "command economy" model instituted by Nehru, and Swamy was a believer in market economy.

Thereafter, Swamy moved to the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and he was a full Professor of Mathematical Economics there from 1969 to the early 1970s. He was removed from the position by its board of governors in the early 1970s but was legally reinstated in the late 1990s by the Supreme Court of India. He continued in the position until 1991 when he resigned to become a cabinet minister. He served on the Board of Governors of the IIT, Delhi (1977–80) and on the Council of IITs (1980–82). He also taught economics courses in summer session at Harvard until 2011.

Swamy now serves as Chairman of the School of Communication and Management Studies in Kochi.

Swamy's career started with his involvement in the Sarvodaya movement, which was an apolitical movement but which formed the foundation of the creation of Janata Party later. The real turn in his political career came after his sacking from IIT. Liberal economic policies put forward by him didn't go well with the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi who sneered at his plans as 'Santa Claus with unrealistic ideas'. He was later expelled from Indian Institute of Technology. This marked the beginning of his active political career. Staunch opponent of Indira Gandhi Bharatiya Jana Sangh sent him to Rajya Sabha – the upper house of Indian Parliament.

He was elected Member of Parliament 5 times between 1974 and 1999. He has twice represented the city of Mumbai North East during 1977 and 1980, Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu in the Parliament.

During the period of the Emergency, he fled to the United States, seeking haven with an Indian businessman in Michigan who had become the spokesperson of the opposition in the United States. In 1976, when the Emergency was still in force and an arrest warrant had been issued in his name, Swamy came to Parliament to attend the session and managed to escape India after the session was adjourned. This act of defiance was well received in the eyes of opposition parties.

Swamy was one of the founding members of the Janata Party and served as its president till 2013.

1974–76 - Member of Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh, elected on a Jan Sangh party ticket 
1977-80 - Member of Lok Sabha from Mumbai North-East, elected on a Janata Party ticket 
1980-84 - Member of Lok Sabha from Mumbai North-East, elected on a Janata Party ticket 
1988–94 - Member of Rajya Sabha from Uttar Pradesh, elected on a Janata Party ticket 
1998-99 - Member of Lok Sabha from Madurai, elected on a Janata Party ticket 
2016 - Member of Rajya Sabha, Nominated Category

During 1990 and 1991, Swamy served as a member of the Planning Commission of India and as Cabinet Minister of Commerce and Law. Albeit uncorroborated, During this period, Swamy claims to have provided the blueprint for the economic reforms in India under Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar which was later carried out in 1991 by Manmohan Singh, then Finance Minister under leadership of Prime Minister Narasimha Rao. In the Narasimha Rao government, Swamy was Chairman of the Commission on Labour Standards and International Trade, which was a Cabinet-rank post. In his book, Swamy asserts that Manmohan Singh acknowledges his role as well.

Between 1994 and 1996, Swamy was chairman of the Commission on Labour Standards and International Trade (equivalent in rank to a cabinet minister) under Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao. He continued to be president of the Janata Party till 2013. On 11 August 2013, Swamy officially joined BJP when its president was Rajnath Singh. His admission to the party would mark the merger of the Janata Party with the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Claim on Rahul Gandhi's Citizenship

Swamy claimed that Rahul Gandhi holds British citizenship details of which he found in the documents of Rahul's company Backops Services Pvt. Ltd. He filed a complaint against Rahul to Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) to which the MHA issued a notice to Rahul to provide factual position on his citizenship on 30 April 2019 amidst the 2019 General Elections.

In Oct 2014, Swamy filed a petition in Supreme Court praying for declaring Sections 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code that deal with criminal defamation as unconstitutional.

In 1996, Swamy had filed a criminal complaint against Jayalalithaa which led to her prosecution, conviction and sentencing to four years imprisonment by the trial court in 2014. Later, on May 11, 2015, a special Bench of the Karnataka High Court set aside the trial court order convicting former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalitha, who was acquitted of all charges in the disproportionate assets case. An Appeal against the High court verdict was filed in Supreme Court. However, keeping personal differences aside, he wished her a speedy recovery on her recent illness and advised she visit Singapore for treatment. The final verdict of Supreme Court came in February, 2017 that indicted Jayalalitha posthumously and upheld the trial court judgement in toto.

Swamy released a letter alleging that former intelligence chief had asked DoT to tap the phone of many politicians and businessmen in Karnataka when Ramakrishna Hegde, the then Chief Minister, resigned in 1988. Hegde then filed a case against him in 1989 and 1990.

In 1987, when Muslim youths were killed under police custody, Swamy spoke against it and sat on a fast for more than a week in Jantar Mantar demanding the institution of an inquiry. After 25 years he started pursuing the case once again in court.

Rebecca John, a counsel for the Hashimpura complainants, told Additional Sessions Judge Rakesh Siddhartha who is conducting the trial in the case, that "there is no other motive than politics behind Swamy's plea for further investigation and it would only further delay the trial".

In November 2008, Swamy amongst others wrote the first of five letters to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking permission to prosecute A. Raja in regard to 2G spectrum case. After not receiving any response, Swamy decided to file a case on his own in the Supreme Court of India regarding the matter, which then asked the Central Bureau of Investigation to produce a detailed report on it. He further called on the Indian government to re-auction the 2G spectrum without the involvement of Communications Minister Kapil Sibal.

On 15 April 2011, he filed a 206-page petition with PM Singh seeking permission to prosecute Sonia Gandhi on charges of corruption. He also raised doubts regarding her acquisition of Indian citizenship. Swamy filed documents in the court to prosecute Minister of Home Affairs P. Chidambaram by including a 15 January 2008 letter written by Chidambaram to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Swamy also placed on record the certified copy of the minutes of a meeting between Chidambaram, Raja and the prime minister during the tenure of Raja as the MOC&IT. Since criminal charges were filed against the accused, but no evidence was given by Swamy or the CBI, all the respondents have got bail as of July 2012.

On 31 January 2012, the Supreme Court of India accepted Swamy's petition against the Prime Minister's Office in the 2G case, saying that all public authorities should give a sanction within three months against any public official if a request is made for prosecution.

The Supreme Court said that Swamy had the locus standi to seek sanction from the Prime Minister for the prosecution of A Raja in the 2G case. Sanction by a competent authority for the prosecution of a public servant has to be granted within a time frame, the apex court said. Justice AK Ganguly said that the sanction would be deemed to be granted if competent authority failed to take a decision within four months.

Swamy's arguments were that he wrote to the PMO on 29 November 2008, but it was only on 19 March 2010 the PMO replied that the plea made by Swamy was "premature" as investigation was being carried out by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Raja was arrested by the CBI in the case and got bail on 15 May 2012 after spending nearly 15 months in the Tihar Central Jail.

On December 21, 2017, the special CBI Court Judge acquitted the accused including Andimuthu Raja.

In 1997, Swamy filed a petition in the Supreme Court of India to strike down a provision which barred CBI from investigating corruption charges against officers of the rank of joint secretary and above without prior permission of the Govt of India called as ""Dr. Subramanian Swamy Versus Director, Central Bureau of Investigation & Anr."" On 6 May 2014, a five-judge constitution bench held the single directive provision as invalid and unconstitutional. The court said that "Protection of prior approval for probing graft charges against officers at level of joint secretary and above has propensity of shielding corruption" Experts such as former CBI Director Joginder Singh praised the judgement as "Superb". Incumbent CBI Director Ranjit Sinha welcomed the judgement and said, "now a very heavy responsibility has been cast upon us to ensure that no innocent civil-servant is harassed."

Swamy demanded that an independent committee should be formed to check the security and safety of the Electronic Voting Machines (EVM) to avoid any rigging or tampering. He demanded that a printed receipt should be given to every voter after casting the vote. His PIL to investigate the working of EVM was dismissed by the Delhi High Court on 17 January 2012. The court refused to give any direction to the Election Commission to bring back paper-ballot system or use of printed receipts. The Commission argued that the use of paper is not feasible due to the huge size of Indian electorate. The court further asked the Election Commission to "immediately begin a process of wider consultations" and the Parliament "to go into this question in depth and decide".

On 22 January 2013 the Election Commission informed the Supreme Court that it would include Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) system which is in the testing phase after the court agreed with some points raised by Swamy who was the contender, in the machines so that every voter will come to know who he/she is voting by getting a printed slip after pressing the EVM button. The voter paper audit trail has then been in use from 4 September 2013.

On 8 October 2013 the Supreme Court directed the Election Commission to implement audit trail system in 2014 general election in phases.

On 1 November 2012 Swamy alleged that both Sonia and Rahul Gandhi have committed fraud and land grabbing to a tune of by acquiring a public ltd company called Associated Journals Private Ltd (AJPL) through their owned private company, Young Indian which was formed on 23 November 2010. Through this they had got publication rights of "National Herald" and "Qaumi Awaz" newspapers, with real estate properties in Delhi and Uttar Pradesh. The acquired place was intended only for newspaper purposes but were used for running a passport office, amounting to crores of rupees, it alleges. Swamy further added that Rahul Gandhi hid the facts in his affidavit while filing nomination for the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.

It further alleges that on 26 February 2011 AJPL approved the transfer of unsecured loan of from the All India Congress Committee at zero interest. Swamy argued that it is illegal for any political party to lend the loan as per violation of Section 269T of Income Tax Act 1961. On 2 November, the party responded that the loan was given only for reviving National Herald newspaper with no commercial interest. Swamy decided to approach the Supreme Court for de-recognising the Congress party, while the Election Commission ordered the probe on 17 November 2012.

The hearing of the case had been taken up thereafter on different occasions with the court observing prima facie evidence against all the accused. On 1 August 2014 the Enforcement Directorate initiated probe to find any money laundering in the case while on the same day Swamy was served notice by the High Court. On 28 August the metropolitan court fixed 9 December for the next hearing of the case, while on 12 January 2015 the judge of the Delhi High Court recused himself from hearing the case stating that schedule of cases has been changed and directed that the petitions be directed before an appropriate bench. On 27 January 2015, the Supreme Court asked Swamy to make out a case for the speedy trial in the Delhi High Court since the petition cannot be heard directly.

On 18 September 2015 it was reported that the Enforcement Directorate had reopened the investigation. Following it, on 19 December 2015 Patiala House Court granted unconditional bail immediately on the hearing to all the five accused but one. On 12 July 2016 the Delhi High Court set aside the trial court order of 11 January and 11 March based on plea by Swamy to examine balance sheets of Congress party, AJL and Young Indian from 2010-2013, and fixed the date of next hearing on 20 August.
Currently, the case proceedings are on-going in Delhi High Court

Swamy had filed a petition in the Supreme Court with priests of the dikshithar sect challenging the decision of the Madras High Court on transferring the administration of the Nataraja temple to the then Tamil Nadu government in 2009.

Swamy on referring to the provisions of Tamil Nadu Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act, contended that Podu Dikshitars have right to administer the temple and argued on handing over the administration on mismanagement grounds of temple's wealth is violation under article 
26 of the Constitution of India. On 6 January 2014 the Supreme Court ruled that the administration is to be handed over back to the priests of the temple from the state government.
Subramanian Swamy filed a petition to remove Kerala State government's control over Hindu temples by abolishing Devaswom.In 2018,the Supreme Court agreed to examine the petition moved by him and TG Mohan Das to abolish Devaswom Board.The Supreme Court issued notice to the Kerala government and Devaswom Board of Travanacore and Cochin and sought their response in six weeks.In 2019,the Kerala government opposed Subramanian Swamy's plea.

On 22 February 2016, Swamy filed a petition in the Supreme Court allowing construction of Rama temple at the disputed site where Babri Masjid was demolished in 1992, and expediting the adjudication related to order of the Allahabad High Court on 30 September 2010, petition was accepted on 26 February to be later heard by the court.

Swamy has been the original campaigner against corruption by bringing into light the 2G case. He founded Action Committee Against Corruption in India (ACACI) on 14 October 2011 and acted as a chairperson. ACACI's goal is to take specific action against corruption at very high places of government and Indian black money stashed abroad, Swamy had mentioned six simple steps in his letter which may recover the money stashed abroad easily.

Swamy has worked towards normalising relations between China and India. According to Swamy, the re-opening of the Kailash Mansarovar pilgrimage route was announced at a meeting convened by the People's Republic of China paramount leader Deng Xiaoping in April 1981, in which Swamy was in attendance. This meeting was widely reported in the media, although such claims have been contested by supporters of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.

In various speeches and articles, Swamy has expressed his admiration for, and solidarity with, the State of Israel and has credited its retaliatory capacity for its ability to survive as a nation in a hostile Arab environment. Swamy made pioneering efforts towards India's establishment of diplomatic relations with Israel. In 1982, Swamy became the first Indian political leader to make a well-publicised trip to Israel, where he met with several important Israeli leaders such as Yitzhak Rabin and then-Prime Minister Menachem Begin. His efforts at normalising relations with Israel have borne fruit with both India as well as Israels decision, in 1992, to facilitate the building of embassies in their respective countries.

Swamy, on several occasions, has voiced support for the state of Sri Lanka in its role during Sri Lanka's protracted civil war with the LTTE, for which he was criticised as "pro Lanka" by his political opponents domestically. In an interview given to "The Sunday Leader" newspaper, Swamy stated that the Indian government should attend the CHOGM meeting held in Colombo despite stiff opposition from Indian politicians in Tamil Nadu concerned for the welfare and human rights of Tamils in Sri Lanka, placing the onus on the LTTE for human rights violations during the Sri Lankan civil war, he had favoured Mahinda Rajapaksa also during Sri Lanka 2015 election.

Swamy is a strong supporter of U.S. President Donald Trump, endorsing Trump's presidential candidacy in 2016 and comparing Trump to himself.

After the Charlottesville riots in August 2017, he posted a tweet urging Indians residing in the United States to "stand with Trump at this hour of his being hunted by cockeyed liberals & Left wing loonies on racism" and praised Trump for "having showed the hypocrites their place by telling it like it is."

Following criticism of Pakistan by Trump, Swamy called for closer relations between India and the United States.

In September 2008, Swamy stridently retorted against the contentions of some Indian columnists who voiced their opinions in favor of "peacefully" surrendering Kashmir to Pakistan. He said,

Swamy is well known for his critical views against the "Aryan versus Dravidian" politics of Periyar E. V. Ramasamy, calling it as the theory forwarded by the British. He has been a staunch opponent of the armed rebel group Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
He also urged the Indian government not to support the US led resolution condemning war crimes in the Sri Lankan Civil War, citing it as one-sided and not in the interest of India. Swamy moved the court and got the order restoring quota for Sri Lankan Tamil refugees in colleges in the state.

Swamy obtained Supreme Court Stay against the implementation of Sethusamudram Shipping Canal Project (SSCP). He believes that it would hurt the sentiments of people who believe that this shallow land connecting between Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka was built by Lord Rama. He strongly opposes the implementation of SSCP citing that implementing this scheme will be a criminal offence under section 295 Indian Penal Code. He wrote letters to Prime Minister of India in June 2009 asking him to stop the project and had informed the Supreme Court on 14 October 2015 that the government may not continue with the Sethusamudram Project.

In response to the 2011 Mumbai bombings, he wrote an editorial in "Daily News and Analysis" ("DNA"). 
Some of Swamy's suggestions in the article are:
Swamy had written a similar column in "The New Indian Express" after the 2008 Mumbai attacks. As a result of his "reprehensible" views in the articles, Harvard University cancelled two economics courses taught at the university by Swamy.

On 3 August 2011 the National Commission for Minorities decided to file civil charges against Swamy for the article and promoting on the basis of religion. On 4 October 2011 the Delhi Police registered the case. Swamy was then granted police protection by the Delhi High Court. On 30 January 2012 Swamy was granted anticipatory bail by the court with the condition that he would not write such articles in the future.

Swamy met Roxna Kapadia, whose father was member of Indian Civil Service (British India) and an Indian lady of Parsi ethnicity who was studying PhD in mathematics at Harvard University. They were married in June 1966. Swamys have two daughters. The elder daughter, Gitanjali Swamy, is an entrepreneur and private equity professional. She is married to Sanjay Sarma, a professor at MIT, who is the son of E.A.S Sarma, a retired IAS officer and former secretary Economic Affairs to the government of India. The younger daughter, Suhasini Haidar, is a print and television journalist married to Nadeem Haidar, the son of former Indian Foreign Secretary Salman Haidar.

Swamy is the author of several books, research papers and journals. A complete list of papers, books and journals authored by him is given below. He has also co-authored with Paul Samuelson, a paper on the Theory of Index Numbers (American Economic Review, 1974) and another in the Royal Economic Society’s Economic Journal (1984).





</doc>
<doc id="2703163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2703163" title="Joseph Silk">
Joseph Silk

Joseph Ivor Silk FRS (born 3 December 1942) is a British astrophysicist. He was the Savilian Chair of Astronomy at the University of Oxford from 1999 to September 2011. 

He is an Emeritus Fellow of New College, Oxford and a Fellow of the Royal Society (elected May 1999). He was awarded the 2011 Balzan Prize for his works on the early Universe. Silk has given more than two hundred invited conference lectures, primarily on galaxy formation and cosmology.

He was educated at Tottenham County School (1954–1960) and went on to study Mathematics at the University of Cambridge (1960–1963). He obtained his PhD in Astronomy from Harvard in 1968. Silk took up his first post at Berkeley in 1970, and the Chair in Astronomy in 1978. Following a career of nearly 30 years there, Silk returned to the UK in 1999 to take up the Savilian Chair of Astronomy at the University of Oxford. He is currently Professor of Physics at the Institut d'astrophysique de Paris, Université Pierre et Marie Curie, Homewood Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins University (since in 2010), and Professor of Astronomy at Gresham College from 2015 to 2019.

The structure of the cosmic microwave background anisotropies is principally determined by two effects: acoustic oscillations and diffusion damping. The latter is also called collisionless or "Silk" damping after Joseph Silk.


Silk has over 900 publications, nearly 200 as first author, of which 3 have been cited over 1000 times, over 50 have been published in "Nature" and 12 in "Science".

In 2011, Silk delivered a talk, "The Creation of the Universe," at the first Starmus Festival in the Canary Islands. The talk was subsequently published in the book "Starmus: 50 Years of Man in Space."




</doc>
<doc id="2704308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2704308" title="Giles Rich">
Giles Rich

Giles Sutherland Rich (May 30, 1904 – June 9, 1999) was an Associate Judge of the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals (CCPA) and later on was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC), and had enormous impact on patent law. He was the first patent attorney appointed to any federal court since Benjamin Robbins Curtis was appointed to the Supreme Court in 1851.

Rich was born May 30, 1904, in Rochester, New York. Rich was the son of Giles Willard Rich, a patent lawyer, and Sarah Thompson (Sutherland) Rich. His father worked for a variety of clients, including George Eastman, the founder of the Eastman Kodak Company. After his first year of high school his family moved to New York City, where he graduated from the Horace Mann School for Boys in 1922. Rich received a Bachelor of Science degree from Harvard University in 1926 and a Bachelor of Laws from Columbia Law School in 1929. and was admitted to the New York bar.

In the fall of 1929 he joined his father's law firm, Williams Rich & Morse, where he worked as a patent attorney until 1952. From 1952 to 1956, he was in private practice at Churchill, Rich, Weymouth and Engel in New York City. From 1942 to 1956, he was also a lecturer in patent law at Columbia University in its School of General Studies. In the 1940s, motivated by a prize competition, Rich authored a series of law review articles on patent practices and the anti-monopoly laws, and particularly, on contributory infringement and misuse. The series is considered by many to be a classic in the field. He was very active in the work of the New York Patent Law Association, and eventually became its vice president in 1948 and 1949, and its president in 1950 and 1951.

Rich took an active role in the work of the New York Patent Law Association when it undertook to introduce and foster legislation to address the Supreme Court's Mercoid cases, which virtually destroyed the doctrine of contributory infringement. In 1947 he became part of a two-person committee to draft a new U.S. patent statute, all while continuing to practice law full-time. His partner on the statute drafting committee was Pasquale Joseph Federico, the Examiner-in-Chief of the U.S. Patent Office. After four years of work, Rich and Federico's draft statute was introduced in the Congress by Joseph Bryson (D-SC) in 1951. After passing both houses without substantial debate, as part of a "consent bill", it was signed into law by President Truman in 1952, to take effect in 1953. It was the first full revision of U.S. patent law since the Patent Act of 1870.

Rich was nominated by President Dwight D. Eisenhower on May 17, 1956, to an Associate Judge seat on the United States Court of Customs and Patent Appeals vacated by Judge Noble J. Johnson. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on July 19, 1956, and received his commission the same day. Rich was initially appointed as a Judge under Article I, but the court was raised to Article III status by operation of law on August 25, 1958, and Rich thereafter served as an Article III Judge. Rich was reassigned by operation of law to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on October 1, 1982, to a new seat authorized by 96 Stat. 25. At 95, he had become the oldest active federal judge; he never took senior status, a time when judges typically assume a reduced workload and semi-retire. His service terminated on June 9, 1999, due to his death.

Rich also served as an adjunct professor of patent law at Georgetown University from 1963 to 1969. In 1963, he was awarded the Charles F. Kettering Award from the Patent, Trademark, and Copyright Research Institute at George Washington University.

Judge Rich's judicial opinions were often notable for their colorful and memorable language. For example, in one case in which a majority of the Federal Circuit judges were unwilling to accept as a binding precedent an earlier decision of that court with which he was apparently in sympathy, he said in dissent that they acted with "defiant disregard" of precedent and added: "[I]t is mutiny. It is heresy. It is illegal."

Judge Rich's judicial opinions include some of those most groundbreaking, influential, and controversial to modern U.S. patent law. He wrote opinions in which the court struck down prior rules against the patenting of living things ("In re Chakrabarty"), software-implemented inventions ("In re Diehr"), and business methods ("State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group"), saying those rules did not have a proper basis in the patent statute (which he stated that he had co-written), and opening the way for inventors to receive patents in those areas of subject matter.

"In re Diehr" and especially "State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group" were highly controversial decisions. Many in the academic and legal community thought that the cases were wrongly decided and examples of judicial activism on the basis of a pro-patentee agenda, and the legal reasoning utilized in these decisions has been severely criticized. For example, in "State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group", Judge Rich justified his conclusion on the basis that the business method exception to patentability was abolished by the 1952 Patent Act. However, this line of reasoning is contradicted by Judge Rich himself, among others. He had earlier stated, in a law review article written not long after the passage of the 1952 Patent Act, that Section 101 of the Act denied patent protection to business methods, observing that the diaper service, "one of the greatest inventions of our times," was patent-ineligible because it was a business method. The "State Street" decision was substantially overruled in the Federal Circuit's 2008 decision in "In re Bilski". The Supreme Court's decisions in the "Bilski-Mayo-Alice" trilogy even more definitively rejected the line of doctrine that culminated in the "State Street" decision.

Judge Rich was an outspoken critic of the Supreme Court and Justice Department when they took positions on patent law in opposition to those which he advocated. For example, in his opinion on remand in the case "In re Bergy", after the Supreme Court vacated the judgment of the CCPA that he had authored for that court, and remanded the case to the CCPA "for further consideration in light of" the Supreme Court's decision in "Parker v. Flook", he wrote a second "Bergy" opinion for the CCPA. In it he reached the same result and said that "Flook" shed no light and that the Justice Department had misled the Supreme Court to reach its decision.

This episode was part of a long-running controversy about how the 1952 Patent Act should be interpreted − was it a mere re-codification of prior law without substantive change or did it break new ground? Judge Rich took the position that it broke new ground and that special deference should be given his views because of his relation to the process as draftsman of the bill. A contrary view – that Congress intended no major substantive change – is reflected in the concurring opinion of Justice Hugo Black in "Aro Mfg. Co. v. Convertible Top Replacement Co."

In 1992 Rich earned special recognition from President Bush for his contributions to the U.S. patent code. That same year, Rich was also honored with an American Inn of Court established in his name to foster professionalism, ethics, civility, and legal skills in the area of intellectual property.

Upon learning of Judge Rich's death, the Acting Commissioner of Patents and Trademarks, Q. Todd Dickinson, remarked: Judge Rich was the single most important figure in twentieth century intellectual property law...Judge Rich leaves a rich legacy in his voluminous body of judicial opinions and in the 1952 Patent Act which he helped to draft. We have lost the dean of the twentieth century patent system.

A prominent annual intellectual property moot court competition, the Giles Rich I.P. Moot Court Competition, run by the American Intellectual Property Law Association, starting in 1973, was named after him.

In 2006 Judge Rich was inducted into the IP Hall of Fame.

On January 10, 1931, Rich married his first wife, Gertrude Verity Braun, the daughter of a Barnard College professor who was head of the German Department, and they had a daughter, Verity Sutherland, born in 1940. Gertrude died in 1953, and Rich married his second wife, Helen Gill Field the same year. At the time of his death, he was survived by his second wife, Helen; his daughter, Verity Rich Hallinan; a granddaughter; a niece, Eleanor Van Staagen Mitchell; and a nephew.

He was an accomplished photographer, and known among patent lawyers and judges for his curiosity and familiarity with the mechanics of everyday appliances.

Rich died of lymphoma on June 9, 1999, at Sibley Memorial Hospital in Washington, D.C.


</doc>
<doc id="2705421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2705421" title="Robert Sklar">
Robert Sklar

Robert Anthony Sklar (December 3, 1936 – July 2, 2011) was an American historian specializing in the history of cinema.

Sklar began his career as a reporter for the "Los Angeles Times". He received a Ph.D. in the history of American civilization from Harvard University in 1965. In 1968, he signed the "Writers and Editors War Tax Protest" pledge, vowing to refuse tax payments in protest against the Vietnam War.

He was a history professor at the University of Michigan and since 1977 was a professor of cinema in the Department of Cinema Studies at New York University Tisch School of the Arts.




</doc>
<doc id="2706307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2706307" title="John B. Quigley">
John B. Quigley

John B. Quigley (born 1940) is a professor of law at the Moritz College of Law at the Ohio State University, where he is the Presidents' Club Professor of Law. In 1995 he was recipient of The Ohio State University Distinguished Scholar Award. Born John Bernard Quigley Jr., he was raised in St. Louis, Missouri and educated at the St. Louis Country Day School. He graduated from Harvard in the class of 1962, later taking an LL.B degree from Harvard Law School in 1966 and an M.A., also awarded in 1966. He was admitted to the bar in Massachusetts in 1967. Before joining the Ohio State faculty in 1969, he was a research scholar at Moscow State University, and a research associate in comparative law at Harvard Law School. Professor Quigley teaches international law and comparative law. Professor Quigley holds an adjunct appointment in the Political Science Department. In 1982–83 he was a visiting professor at the University of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.

John Quigley is active in international human rights work. He has published many articles and books on human rights, the United Nations, war and peace, east European law, African law, and the Arab–Israeli conflict. He is fluent in Russian and French and highly proficient in Spanish and Swahili.


Faculty digests:



</doc>
<doc id="2708293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2708293" title="Henry Wechsler">
Henry Wechsler

Henry Wechsler is a lecturer at the School of Public Health at Harvard University and was principal investigator of the College Alcohol Study.

Wechsler is noted for his studies of drinking by college students and for popularizing the term “binge drinking” to refer to the consumption of four alcoholic drinks by a woman on an occasion and five alcoholic drinks by a man. Wechsler has brought attention to the large number of problems students who drink at this level produce for themselves, for others on campus, and for residents of neighborhoods where the colleges are located.

Wechsler has conducted several national surveys of college and university students across the United States and published extensively on the subject. His most recent book, is "Dying to Drink: Confronting Binge Drinking on College Campuses". (Emmaus, Pennsylvania: Rodale Press, 2002).

He graduated from Washington & Jefferson College and Harvard University.



</doc>
<doc id="2708362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2708362" title="John Codman Ropes">
John Codman Ropes

John Codman Ropes (April 28, 1836 - October 28, 1899) was an American military historian and lawyer, and the co-founder of the law firm Ropes & Gray.

Ropes was born on April 28, 1836 in St. Petersburg, Russia, the son of a leading merchant of Boston who was engaged in business in Russia. At the age of fourteen, his family having returned to Massachusetts, he developed an infection of the spine which eventually became a permanent deformity.

He entered Harvard in 1853, and graduated in 1857. His interests as a young man were chiefly religious, legal and historical, and these remained with him throughout life, his career as a lawyer being conspicuous and successful. But it was the outbreak of the U.S. Civil War in 1861 which fixed his attention principally on military history. He ceaselessly assisted with business and personal help and friendship the officers and men of the 20th Massachusetts regiment, in which his brother, Henry Ropes, was killed in action at Gettysburg, and after the war he devoted himself to the collection and elucidation of all obtainable evidence as to its incidents and events. In 1865, he co-founded the Boston-based law firm Ropes & Gray with John Chipman Gray.

In this work his clear and unprejudiced legal mind enabled him to sift the truth from the innumerable public and private controversies, and the ill-informed allotment of praise and blame by the popular historians and biographers. The focus of his work was the Military Historical Society of Massachusetts, which he founded in 1876. The work of this society was the collection and discussion of evidence relating to the great conflict. Although practically every member of his society except himself had fought through the war, and many, such as Hancock and W. F. Smith, were general officers of great distinction, it was from first to last maintained and guided by Ropes, who presented to it his military library and his collection of prints and medals. He died at Boston, Massachusetts on October 28, 1899.

His principal work is an unfinished "Story of the Civil War", to which he devoted most of his later years; this covers the years 1861-62. "The Army under Pope" is a detailed narration of the Virginia campaign of August–September 1862, which played a great part in reversing contemporary judgment on the events of those operations, notably as regards the unjustly-condemned General Fitz John Porter. Outside America, Ropes is known chiefly as the author of "The Campaign of Waterloo", which is one of the standard works on the subject.

The greater part of his studies of the Civil War appears in the Military Historical Society's publications. Papers on the Waterloo campaign appeared in the "Atlantic Monthly" of June 1881, and in "Scribner's Magazine" of March and April 1888. Among his miscellaneous works is a paper on "The Likenesses of Julius Caesar" in "Scribner's Magazine" (February 1887).



</doc>
<doc id="2710884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2710884" title="Allen Melancthon Sumner">
Allen Melancthon Sumner

Allen Melancthon Sumner Jr. (October 1, 1882 – July 19, 1918) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps.

Born in Boston, Massachusetts, he initially went to Harvard before securing a place in the Naval Academy. On March 17, 1907, Sumner was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Marine Corps. Until 1909 he was stationed in turn at the Marine Barracks of the Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland, and Norfolk Navy Yard. He was then ordered to Cuba with the 1st Provisional Regiment of Marines in the Army of Cuban Pacification. In December 1909, he served on temporary duty on . He retired on January 1, 1914, after seven years service.

Sumner was recalled as soon as war was declared in April 1917, and began serving on active duty at Marine Barracks, Quantico, on July 5, 1917. When the 1st Machine Gun Battalion was formed in August, Sumner was assigned to 81st Company. Sumner's war record is as follows: Sailed from New York on December 14, 1917, on , arriving in St Nazaire on December 31. Sumner trained in the Vosges and was in the front lines in March at Mont-sur-la-Cote on the Verdun Front. On April 29, relieved Major Waller in Command of 81st Company when Major Waller was transferred to the 3rd Division to command the 8th MG Battalion. Participated in the action at Belleau Wood and when Major Cole was wounded on June 10, and Captain Major became battalion commander in his stead (himself to fall five days later), Sumner took his place in command of the right front.

Captain Sumner's death occurred no more than a month later on July 19, at Vierzy, near Soissons, where the 6th MGB was to take part in the attack on Tigny. He was hit by a fragment of a High Explosive shell and killed instantly. Later it was debated whether he had instead fallen during an air raid. Captain Sumner received the "Croix de guerre" with Gilt Star as well as 3 Silver Star Citations. He is buried in Plot A, Row 13, Grave 25 in the American Cemetery at Belleau.

See to distinguish the ships in the United States Navy that have been named in his honor, from those named for 19th century Navy captain Thomas Hubbard Sumner. The two ships named after the Marine officer were and . The latter was lead ship for s, and served in World War II.



</doc>
<doc id="2715600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2715600" title="John C. Reynolds">
John C. Reynolds

John Charles Reynolds (June 1, 1935 – April 28, 2013) was an American computer scientist.

John Reynolds studied at Purdue University and then earned a PhD in theoretical physics from Harvard University in 1961. He was a professor of Information science at Syracuse University from 1970 to 1986. From then until his death he was Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. He also held visiting positions at Aarhus University (Denmark), University of Edinburgh, Imperial College London, 
Microsoft Research (Cambridge) and Queen Mary, University of London (UK).

Reynolds's main research interest was in the area of programming language design and associated specification languages, especially concerning formal semantics. He invented the polymorphic lambda calculus (System F) and formulated the property of semantic parametricity; the same calculus was independently discovered by Jean-Yves Girard. He wrote a seminal paper on definitional interpreters, which clarified early work on continuations and introduced the technique of defunctionalization. He applied category theory to programming language semantics. He defined the programming languages Gedanken and Forsythe, known for its use of intersection types. He worked on a separation logic to describe and reason about shared mutable data structures.

He had been an editor of journals such as the "Communications of the ACM" and the "Journal of the ACM". In 2001, he was appointed a Fellow of the ACM. He won the ACM SIGPLAN Programming Language Achievement Award in 2003, and the Lovelace Medal from the British Computer Society in 2010.





</doc>
<doc id="2715667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2715667" title="Benjamin W. Wells">
Benjamin W. Wells

Benjamin Willis Wells (31 January 1856 – 1923) was a United States scholar and editor.

Wells graduated from Harvard in 1877 and took his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1880. Afterwards, he studied for a while in Berlin. He was a fellow of Johns Hopkins University. He worked at Providence, Rhode Island, from 1882 to 1887. From 1891 to 1898, he was professor of modern languages in the University of the South at Sewanee, Tennessee, then joined the editorial staff of "The Churchman" in New York City from 1899 to 1912.

He contributed to the New International Encyclopedia of Dodd, Mead and Company. He published "Modern German Literature", (1895); "Modern French Literature", (1897); and "A Century of French Fiction", (1898), which includes text about Edmond François Valentin About. With William P. Trent, he edited "Colonial Prose and Poetry, 1607-1775", an anthology (1902).



</doc>
<doc id="2719655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2719655" title="Robert Benham (judge)">
Robert Benham (judge)

Robert Benham (born September 25, 1946) is the second African-American graduate of the University of Georgia School of Law and the first African-American to serve on the Supreme Court of Georgia.

Justice Benham is a lifelong resident of Georgia, and was born to Jesse Knox Benham and Clarence Benham in Cartersville, Georgia. He graduated from Summer Hill High School in Cartersville in 1963, and Tuskegee University with a Bachelor of Science in Political Science in 1967, attended Harvard University, graduated from the University of Georgia School of Law with a Juris Doctor in 1970, and received his Master of Laws from the University of Virginia in 1989. While attending the University of Georgia, he was a member of the Demosthenian Literary Society.

After completing law school, Benham served in the U.S. Army Reserve, attaining the rank of Captain. He then served briefly as a trial attorney for Atlanta Legal Aid Society, Inc., later returning to Cartersville, where he engaged in the private practice of law, served as Special Assistant Attorney General, and served two terms as President of the Bartow County Bar Association. Justice Benham became the first African American to establish a law practice in Bartow County.

In 1984, Justice Benham was appointed by Governor Joe Frank Harris to the Georgia Court of Appeals, where he served for five years following his statewide election to the court, distinguishing himself as the first African American to win statewide election in Georgia since Reconstruction.

In 1989, Justice Benham was further distinguished as the first African American to serve on the Supreme Court of Georgia, following his appointment by Governor Harris. He won the statewide election to a full term on the Supreme Court in 1990, where he continues as a Justice after serving as Chief Justice for six years, 1995-2001. On December 5, 2019, Benham announced he will retire on March 1, 2020.

Justice Benham holds membership in numerous professional organizations, including eight national, state, and local bar associations, the American Judicature Society, the Lawyers' Club of Atlanta, the National Criminal Justice Association, the Georgia Bar Foundation, the Georgia Legal History Foundation (Trustee), and Scribes - The American Society of Writers on Legal Subjects. He is a former vice president of the Georgia Conference of Black Lawyers, a former board member of the Federal Lawyers Association and of the Georgia Association of Trial Lawyers. He is the former chairman of the Governor's Commission on Drug Awareness & Prevention, a member of the State Bar Task Force on the Involvement of Women & Minorities in the Profession, the Georgia Commission on Children & Youth, the National Association of Court Management, and a member of the National Conference of Chief Justices, a member of the Federal-State Jurisdiction Committee, President of the Society for Alternative Dispute Resolution, Chairman of the Judicial Council, Chairman of the Chief Justice's Commission on Professionalism, and a member of the Governor's Southern Business Institute.

Benham is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.


</doc>
<doc id="2721547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2721547" title="Harry Brown (writer)">
Harry Brown (writer)

Harry Peter McNab Brown Jr. (April 30, 1917 – November 2, 1986) was an American poet, novelist and screenwriter.

Born in Portland, Maine, he was educated at Harvard University, where he was friends with American poet, Robert Lowell. Brown dropped out of Harvard after his sophomore year to write poetry, work at "Time magazine", and contributed to and became a sub-editor of "The New Yorker".

Charles Scribner's Sons, of New York, published, in 1941, Brown's sustained unified poem, "The Poem of Bunker Hill". The 158-page poetic epic won praise for its author's literary gifts as a poet and for the timely presentation of a vital topic - young men and war. Louise Bogan, from "The New Yorker", was quoted, "Brown...possesses one of the most unmistakable poetic gifts which have recently appeared. Such a talent is not only basically good from the beginning but exhibits, also from the first, all the signs of virtuosity." Also published, early in that year, was Brown's first full-length book, "The End of a Decade".

From the American Revolutionary warfare of "The Poem of Bunker Hill", Harry Brown went directly to modern military operations. Brown enlisted in July 1941 in the US Army Corps of Engineers where he served at Fort Belvoir, Virginia. In 1942 he joined the staff of "Yank magazine".

Brown wrote a column for the magazine under the nom de plume of "PFC Artie Greengroin" with a book published in 1945 of the columns under that title. Brown also wrote a play "A Sound of Hunting" that was produced on Broadway in 1946 starring Burt Lancaster and Frank Lovejoy. It was later filmed by Stanley Kramer under the title "Eight Iron Men" with a different cast of Bonar Colleano, Lee Marvin, and Arthur Franz in 1952, then was a 1961 television production with Peter Falk, Robert Lansing, and Sal Mineo directed by Seymour Robbie.

Brown wrote the novel "A Walk in the Sun" in 1944, which was made into a film with the same name in 1945. Director Lewis Milestone asked Brown to come to Hollywood as a screenwriter where he worked on films including "Sands of Iwo Jima" (1949), "A Place in the Sun" (1951) (winning an Oscar), "Eight Iron Men" based on his play "A Sound of Hunting", and "Ocean's 11" (1960). Brown also was credited for his work on the first "Ocean's 11" when it was remade in 2001.

Brown and his wife moved to Mexico in the early 1960s where they lived for 15 years.

Brown died from emphysema in Los Angeles in 1986.






</doc>
<doc id="2726572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2726572" title="Jack Hirshleifer">
Jack Hirshleifer

Jack Hirshleifer (August 26, 1925 – July 26, 2005) was an American economist and long-time professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.

He received a B.S. from Harvard University in 1945 and a Ph.D. in 1950. He worked at the RAND Corporation in Santa Monica from 1949 to 1955. He then taught at the University of Chicago from 1955 to 1960, and at UCLA until 2001. Hirshleifer was well known for his work on uncertainty and information in economics, the economic analysis of conflict, and bioeconomics. His undergraduate textbook, "Price Theory and Applications", went into seven editions. A 1958 article by Hirshleifer began the triumphant comeback of Irving Fisher's theory of capital and interest, now deemed canonical. While at Rand Corporation, Hirshleifer wrote a report which tore apart the Department of Water and Power's feasibility report for the Oroville Dam, noting among other things that the report failed to include the cost of building the dam. The dam ended up being built. (Cadillac Desert, Chapter 10).




</doc>
<doc id="2727849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2727849" title="Scott Buchanan">
Scott Buchanan

Scott Buchanan (1895 – 1968) was an American philosopher, educator, and foundation consultant. He is best known as the founder of the Great Books program at St. John's College, at Annapolis, Maryland. 

Buchanan's various projects and writings may be understood as an ambitious program of social and cultural reform based on the insight that many crucial problems arise from the uncritical use of symbolism. In this sense, his program was similar to and competed with a number of contemporary movements such as Alfred Korzybski's General Semantics, Otto Neurath's "Unity of Science" project, the semiotics of Charles Morris and the "orthological" projects of Charles Kay Ogden. Buchanan collaborated with the latter effort for a number of years.

Buchanan's own program, however, differed from these generally empiricist, positivist, or pragmatist movements by stressing what he saw as the need for reforms in the mathematical symbolism employed in modern science. Buchanan's first book, published in 1927, stated that science is "the greatest body of uncriticized dogma we have today" and even likened science to the "Black Arts". For the rest of his career, Buchanan pondered ways to mitigate the variety of threats to humanity that he perceived in the unmanaged and unsupervised growth of modern science and technology.

Scott Milross Buchanan was born on March 17, 1895, in Sprague, Washington and raised in Jeffersonville, Vermont. He received his undergraduate degree from Amherst College in 1916, majoring in Greek and mathematics. After serving in the Navy during the final year of World War I, he studied philosophy at Balliol College, Oxford as a Rhodes scholar between 1919 and 1921. He continued his studies in philosophy at Harvard University and received his doctorate in 1925. During his undergraduate years, Buchanan became personally close to Amherst's president Alexander Meiklejohn and was strongly influenced by Meiklejohn's ideas about educational reform. 

This continuing interest led Buchanan in 1925 to accept a position as Assistant Director of the People's Institute, an affiliate of the Cooper Union in New York City that was dedicated to adult education and other forms of cultural enrichment for the city's workers and immigrants. It was there that Buchanan met Mortimer J. Adler and Richard McKeon, and the three of them conceived an ambitious program for reviving American education and democracy through mass training in the traditional liberal arts by means of the Socratic method and the Great Books curriculum.

Buchanan spent the next twenty years struggling to establish an institutional base for this radical vision. Buchanan's initial efforts at the People's Institute were followed by his establishment of the Great Books "Virginia Program" at the University of Virginia, where Buchanan was a Professor of Philosophy between 1929 and 1936. He was then invited to the University of Chicago by its president Robert Maynard Hutchins in order to help form a "Committee on Liberal Arts" in association with Buchanan's former People's Institute associates Adler and McKeon. However, this effort failed almost immediately due to philosophical differences and academic politics.

Fortunately, another opportunity quickly arose in the form of St. John's College in Annapolis, Maryland, a venerable institution with a heritage that reaches back to the colonial period, but which by 1936 had nevertheless lost its accreditation and was in desperate need of reorganization. In 1937, the trustees invited Buchanan and his associate Stringfellow Barr to make a fresh start. With Barr as president and Buchanan as dean, the two men reorganized the school that year around the Great Books "New Program". This radical new curriculum quickly achieved national fame and survives today. It is the achievement for which Buchanan is primarily remembered.

Buchanan left St. John's College in 1947 after a successful but disillusioning legal struggle with the U.S. Navy, which had been trying to seize the St. John's campus as part of a plan to enlarge the nearby United States Naval Academy. After spending the next two years directing Liberal Arts, Inc., a failed venture to create a Great Books-based college in Massachusetts, Buchanan's democratic vision for the revival of the liberal arts turned from the academic to the political arena. Except for a brief period in 1956 and 1957, when he was a visiting lecturer at Princeton University and also served as chairman of the Religion and Philosophy Departments at Fisk University, he held no more positions in academic institutions. In 1948 Buchanan worked actively in the Progressive Party presidential campaign of Henry Wallace, and for several years afterwards was consultant, trustee, and secretary of the Foundation for World Government. In 1957 Buchanan accepted an invitation by Robert Maynard Hutchins to become a senior fellow at Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions, a liberal political think tank in Santa Barbara, California. Buchanan remained at the Center for the rest of his career, and one of the projects to which he contributed was the Center's efforts to publicize the work of Jacques Ellul in the English-speaking world.

Buchanan died on March 25, 1968, in Santa Barbara. He was survived by his widow, the former Miriam Damon Thomas, and their son Douglas.





</doc>
<doc id="2728449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2728449" title="Dwight B. Heath">
Dwight B. Heath

Dwight B. Heath (born November 19, 1930) is Research Professor of Anthropology at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island. He has published extensively in many areas of anthropology, especially on the subject of alcohol drinking patterns and their relationship to culture. Heath earned his Ph.D. from Yale in 1959, as well as his undergraduate degree from Harvard. Heath has critiqued the viability of neo-prohibitionism as an effective approach to reducing alcohol abuse and consults on a diversity of issues with governments and scientific organizations around the world.


</doc>
<doc id="2733539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2733539" title="Philip Aaberg">
Philip Aaberg

Philip Aaberg (born April 8, 1949) is an American pianist and composer. He gained international recognition through a series of successful piano recordings released on Windham Hill Records. Although classically trained, Aaberg incorporates classical, jazz, bluegrass, rock, and new music elements into his compositions and musical structures. Although best known for his solo piano work, he is most at home in the chamber jazz genre. His compositions are noted for their "rigorous keyboard technique, diverse influences, and colorful compositional style."

Aaberg was born in Havre, Montana, in 1949 and raised in Chester, Montana. By the age of 14, he was performing with local bands at dances. After receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree in music from Harvard University, he moved to Oakland, California and played in blues clubs for several years. He also toured and recorded as a member of Elvin Bishop's Group at the time of its greatest popularity, and co-wrote the title song of the band's 1976 "Struttin' My Stuff" release, an album which also included Bishop's biggest hit, "Fooled Around and Fell in Love," featuring Aaberg on piano.

In 1985, Aaberg signed a recording contract with Windham Hill Records and released the highly acclaimed solo album "High Plains" that showcased his eclectic musical background. He followed this up with seven more solo albums:" Out of the Frame" (1988), "Upright "(1989), "Cinema" (1992). Aaberg also appeared regularly on the popular Windham Hill Sampler albums over the past 20 years and has had success in various collaborations and ensemble projects.

Aaberg has performed with the Boston Pops Orchestra and has appeared at the Marlboro Chamber Music Festival. As a guest artist, he has performed on over 200 albums and on PBS's All-American Jazz program, which earned him an Emmy Award nomination. He has appeared with Peter Gabriel and Tom Johnston of the Doobie Brothers in concert.

 In 2000, Aaberg began his own record label with his wife Patty, Sweetgrass Music, through which he has since endeavored to produce music that "connects a global audience to the sweeping landscape of the West." Releases include "Field Notes" (2000), "Live from Montana" (2000), which received a Grammy nomination, "Christmas" (2002), "Blue West" (2005), "High Plains Christmas" (2013). Throughout his career, Aaberg has produced music that consistently translated Montana's farms, ranches, and native cultures into "musical concepts" and has "forged a unique keyboard style that paints an audible portrait of his home state." Philip also produces a public radio program "Of the West: Creativity and Sense of Place". He received a Montana Governor's Award for the Arts and in 2011, received a Montana Arts Council Innovator Award. His score for "Class C: The Only Game in Town" was nominated for a regional Emmy. Philip and his wife, Patty, run Sweetgrass Music, the Great Northern Bed and Breakfast, the Westland Suite, and The Bin (recording studio).

Solo recordings


Collaborations


Guest appearances





</doc>
<doc id="2736546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2736546" title="H. V. Kaltenborn">
H. V. Kaltenborn

Hans von Kaltenborn (July 9, 1878 – June 14, 1965), generally known as H. V. Kaltenborn, was an American radio commentator. He was heard regularly on the radio for over 30 years, beginning with CBS in 1928. He was known for his highly precise diction, his ability to ad-lib, and his depth of knowledge of world affairs.

Kaltenborn was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and grew up in Merrill, Wisconsin. He began his career as a newspaper reporter, but moved to radio when it began to establish itself as a "bona fide" source of news. When he was 19, he ran away from home and joined the armed forces to fight in the Spanish–American War. After that he spent some time in Europe, returning to take a job with the "Brooklyn Daily Eagle". At 24, he went to college, enrolling as a special student at Harvard University. When he finished, he returned to the "Eagle", traveling during summers to distant locales.

Kaltenborn was one of the first news readers to provide analysis and insight into current news stories. His vast knowledge of foreign affairs and international politics amply equipped him for covering crises in Europe and the Far East in the 1930s. His vivid reporting of the Spanish Civil War and the Czech crisis of 1938 helped establish the credibility of radio news in the public mind and helped to overcome the nation's isolationist sensibilities. As authors Christopher H. Sterling and John M. Kittross wrote, Kaltenborn reported on the Spanish Civil War "while hiding in a haystack between the two armies. Listeners in America could hear bullets hitting the hay above him while he spoke."

Radio historian James F. Widner described Kaltenborn's skill as a news analyst:
Kaltenborn was known as a commentator who never read from a script. His "talks" were extemporaneous[ly] created from notes he had previously written. His analysis was welcome[d] into homes especially during the war and the time leading up to America's entry into it. He had an international reputation and was able to speak intelligently about events because he had interviewed many of those involved. From the contacts he developed in his travels and his ability to speak fluent German and French, Kaltenborn seemed chosen for the role he developed at CBS. One of his most famous periods was during the Munich crisis in 1938. Much of what listeners heard was Kaltenborn speaking without script even after sometimes having been up for most of a night covering the breaking news. Some claimed that when Kaltenborn was awakened during the Munich vigil, one merely had to utter Munich and Kaltenborn could talk for hours on the subject.

Kaltenborn joined NBC in 1940. On election night in 1948, he and Bob Trout, a former CBS colleague, were at the NBC news desk to broadcast the returns of the White House race between President Harry S. Truman and challenger Thomas E. Dewey. Throughout the evening, the returns were too close to call. As the evening progressed, Kaltenborn could see a swing in Dewey's favor. It was enough for him to project Dewey the winner, although the returns were still close. What Kaltenborn did not foresee was another swing in the votes going to Truman. As evening turned to early morning, Kaltenborn retracted his original projection and announced Truman as the winner.

On his newscast, Kaltenborn described how Truman did an impersonation of the journalist describing how he (Truman) was losing the election. Kaltenborn later stated, "We can all be human with Truman. Beware of that man in power who has no sense of humor".

Another incident of embarrassment came when Dizzy Dean was Kaltenborn's guest on the program. Exasperated by Dean mispronouncing his name — various sources say "Cattlinbomb", "Cottonborn", etc. — Kaltenborn decided to throw the pitcher a curve and asked him what he would do about Russia. Dean didn't miss a beat. He said, "I'd take some bats and balls and gloves and sneak them behind the Iron Curtain and teach them Rooshin kids how to play baseball. Why if Joe Stallion knowed how much money there was in concessions, he'd get out of politics and into an honest business".

Though Kaltenborn left full-time broadcasting in 1953, he provided analyses during NBC's television coverage of the Republican and Democratic conventions in 1956. Those live newscasts were anchored by Chet Huntley and David Brinkley in their first on-air pairing. Kaltenborn was in his mid-seventies when the television age arrived, and some see his time in TV as a disappointment. Forever the radio newsman, Kaltenborn would report everything, including the movements of the subject he was describing, despite the fact that millions of people were watching it.

Kaltenborn was also a regular panelist on the NBC television series "Who Said That?", in which a panel of celebrities attempt to determine the speaker of a quotation from recent news reports.

Kaltenborn had very specific views about radio's role in presenting the news. Later in life he wrote on the subject in many of his books. He was one of four journalists who portrayed themselves in the 1951 film "The Day the Earth Stood Still". Kaltenborn also appears as himself in the 1939 Frank Capra film "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington".

In 1944 Kaltenborn received the Alfred I. duPont Award. The National Radio Hall of Fame inducted Kaltenborn in 2011.




</doc>
<doc id="2744592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2744592" title="Shankar Acharya">
Shankar Acharya

Dr. Shankar Acharya (b. October, 1945) is an Indian economist. He is currently Member Board of Governors and Honorary Professor at the ICRIER. He is also the Non-Executive Part-time Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kotak Mahindra Bank.

In 1967 he graduated from Oxford University and in 1972 he was awarded PhD in Economics by Harvard University. His 1972 PhD dissertation is available under: "Acharya, Shankar Nath, Some aspects of imperfections in primary factor markets of less developed countries"

He worked with the World Bank in various capacities since 1971, before returning to India in 1982. He was the leader of the team which produced the 1979 `World Development Report'.

His most significant assignment was as the Chief Economic Adviser to the Government of India (in the rank of Secretary) between 1993 and 2001. He was also on the board of SEBI and EXIM Bank of India during the period. He also served as a Member of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister (2001–2003) and the Twelfth Finance Commission (2004). His previous assignments with the Government of India include the roles of Senior Adviser (rank of Additional Secretary) and Economic Adviser with the Finance ministry from 1985 to 1990.

Dr. Acharya left Finance Ministry in 2001. Since then, he has been associated with ICRIER and a number of other institutions. At present, he also serves on the governing boards of other national research organizations and the Advisory Committee on Monetary Policy of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), is a member of several advisory corporate boards and writes a fortnightly column for the financial daily, "Business Standard". He has authored numerous scholarly papers and several books. His three most recent books are: "Essays on Macroeconomic Policy and Growth in India" (Oxford University Press, 2006), "Can India Grow without Bharat?" (Academic Foundation, 2007) and "India and Global Crisis" (Academic Foundation, 2009).

He was the Senior Visiting Research Fellow at Merton College, Oxford University in 2000 and Stanford University in 2002.



</doc>
<doc id="2746299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2746299" title="Kenneth C. Griffin">
Kenneth C. Griffin

Kenneth Cordele Griffin (born October 15, 1968) is an American hedge fund manager. He is the founder and chief executive of investment firm Citadel, founded in 1990. Citadel operates with an estimated $32 billion in investment capital.

Griffin was born in 1968 in Daytona Beach, Florida, the son of a building supplies executive, and grew up in Boca Raton, Texas, and Wisconsin. Griffin's father was a project manager for General Electric.

Griffin went to middle school in Boca Raton followed by Boca Raton Community High School, where he was the president of the math club.

Griffin started at Harvard College in the fall of 1986. That year, Griffin first began investing after finding what he believed were inefficiencies in the convertible bonds market, which allows company bonds to be converted into stock. He convinced school administrators to allow him to install a satellite dish on the roof of Cabot House for receiving stock quotes. He also asked Terrence J. O’Connor, the manager of convertible bonds at Merrill Lynch in Boston, to open a brokerage account for him with $100,000 that Griffin had gotten from his grandmother, his dentist, and others. His first fund launched in 1987 with $265,000, days after his nineteenth birthday. The fund launched in time to profit from his short positions at the time of the stock market crash of October 19, 1987. Griffin graduated in 1989 with a degree in economics.

After graduating in 1989, Griffin moved to Chicago to work with the investor Frank Meyer, founder of Glenwood Capital Investments. Meyer allotted $1 million of Glenwood capital for Griffin to trade. 

A year later in 1990, Griffin founded Citadel with assets under management of $4.6 million aided by contributions from Meyer.

By 1998, Citadel had grown to a team of more than 100 employees and $1 billion in investment capital.

In 2008, he was inducted into Institutional Investors Alpha's Hedge Fund Manager Hall of Fame along with twelve other fund managers.

In 2003, aged 34, Griffin was the youngest self-made individual on the "Forbes' " Forbes 400 with an estimated net worth of $650 million. In 2014, Griffin reportedly earned $1.3 billion including a share of his firm's management and performance fees, cash compensation and stock and option awards.

Griffin owns a large portfolio of real estate, including a 2013 acquisition of property in Palm Beach, Florida for $130 million, and a 2019 purchase of 3 Carlton Gardens near Buckingham Palace for £95 million ($122 million). In January 2019, he purchased the penthouse at 220 Central Park South in New York City for $238 million, a US record for a home purchase.

Griffin was the lead investor, losing 20 percent, in Aragon Global Management beginning in 2003 through to 2009 which was launched by his then wife Anne Dias Griffin, also seeded with money from New York investor Julian Robertson.

In 2012, Griffin identified as a Reagan Republican in an interview with the "Chicago Tribune". He said, "This belief that a larger government is what creates prosperity, that a larger government is what creates good: is wrong."

After the 2007–08 financial crisis, Griffin made political donations to conservative political candidates, parties, and organizations such as American Crossroads and the Republican Governors Association.

In 2015, Griffin donated $5.855 million to Conservative Solutions Project, Freedom Partners Action Fund, Right to Rise, and Future45.

In December 2015, Griffin endorsed Marco Rubio for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination and stated that he planned to donate millions to a pro-Rubio super PAC. Before this endorsement, Griffin had donated $100,000 each to three super PACs supporting Rubio, Jeb Bush, and Scott Walker for the GOP nomination.

In October 2009, Griffin and his wife founded the Kenneth and Anne Griffin Foundation. The foundation is particularly focused on donations to public schools and libraries.

The Griffins have previously worked with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation in the promotion of charter schools in the US. The couple have worked with University of Chicago economics professor John A. List to test whether investment in teachers or in parents produces better student performance outcomes.

At the beginning of 2014, Griffin made a $150 million donation to the financial aid program at Harvard University, his alma mater, the largest single donation ever made to the institution at the time. 

In 2014, he was elected to a five-year term on the University of Chicago's board of trustees. He is also a member of a number of organizations including the Economic Club of Chicago, and the civic committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago. Griffin is the vice chairman of the Chicago Public Education Fund.

In November 2017, the Kenneth C. Griffin Charitable Fund announced that it intends to make a new $125 million gift to support the Department of Economics of the University of Chicago, which will be renamed the "Kenneth C. Griffin Department of Economics".

With total donation totalling $21.5 million the Field Museum of Natural History renamed their Griffin funded dinosaur exhibit the "Griffin Dinosaur Experience". And opened in the Griffin Halls an exhibit titled "Evolving Planet" that chronicles the earth's history from its beginnings. 

In October 2019, the Kenneth C. Griffin Charitable fund announced a $125 million gift to the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, the largest gift in the museum's history.

In 2010, Griffin had contributed to Chicago Symphony Orchestra's productions at Millennium Park. He also supported the University of Chicago’s Center for Urban School Improvement, a program encouraging the construction of an inner-city charter high school. That same year, Griffin had contributed to the Chicago Children's Memorial Hospital.

In 2017 Griffin contributed $15 million to the Robin Hood Foundation.

Griffin is an active modern and contemporary art buyer. He buys art from mainstream artists. 

Griffin's collection of modern paintings include his purchase in 1999, of Paul Cézanne's painting "Curtain, Jug and Fruit Bowl" for a record $60 million at the time. Griffin’s 2016 purchases from David Geffen of Willem de Kooning's 1955 oil painting, "Interchange" for $300 million, and Jackson Pollock's 1948 painting, "Number 17A", for $200 million.

In terms of contemporary art, Griffin purchased "False Start" by artist Jasper Johns for $80 million in October 2006 from David Geffen. In 2015, he purchased Gerhard Richter’s 1986 painting Abstract Picture, 599 for $46 million.

Griffin has donated money to multiple art museums, beginning primarily in the 2000s. He has been on the Board of Trustees of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago since 2000 and regularly supports its exhibitions.

In July of 2007, Griffin donated a $19 million addition to the Art Institute of Chicago that was designed by Renzo Piano and named "Kenneth and Anne Griffin Court". The Paul Cézanne paintings have also been loaned to the Institute. 

As of 2010, Griffin had contributed to the Art Institute of Chicago. He serves on the Board of Trustees at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York as of 2010, whose lobby bears his name: "Kenneth C. Griffin Hall". In February 2015, Griffin donated $10 million to the Museum of Contemporary Art in Chicago and used to create the "Griffin Galleries of Contemporary Art".

In December 2015, he donated an unrestricted $40 million to the Museum of Modern Art in New York.

Griffin met his first wife, Katherine Weingartt, at Boca Raton Community High School. The couple divorced. 

In 2002 Griffin met his second wife Anne Dias-Griffin, a French graduate of Harvard Business School who had worked at Goldman Sachs, Soros Fund Management, and Viking Global prior to starting Chicago-based $55 million firm Aragon Global Management. The couple married in July 2003 and had three children but separated in 2012. Griffin and his second wife finalized their divorce in October 2015.

In 2019, Griffin bought an 220 Central Park South for $238 million, a US residential property record at the time. As comparison, in the same year the whole Chrysler Building was sold for $150 million.

Griffin is a member of the Fourth Presbyterian Church of Chicago. In 2011, Griffin donated $11 million of the $38.2 million needed to build a new chapel at the church. The modern building is called "The Gratz Center" in honor of Griffin's grandparents.




</doc>
<doc id="2747830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2747830" title="Dan Weinstein (speed skater)">
Dan Weinstein (speed skater)

Daniel Weinstein (born February 4, 1981) is a retired American short track speed skating competitor and two-time Olympian.

Of the handful of Jewish-American Olympians who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics at Nagano, Japan, Weinstein was by far the youngest. At 17 years of age, he was not only the youngest athlete on the U.S. speedskating team, he was also the youngest man on the entire U.S. Winter Olympics Team. Four years later, Weinstein competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Weinstein has won multiple individual distance US Championships, and he won the men's overall title at the 2000 U.S. Short Track Speedskating Championships.

In 1994, Weinstein was the youngest person to ever skate in the Olympic trials, but he placed poorly.

Raised in Brookline, Massachusetts, he began skating at age eight, after his parents saw an article about local speedskating in the "Boston Globe".

He completed his bachelor's degree at Harvard University in 2004, and his MBA at The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth in 2009.




</doc>
<doc id="2752504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2752504" title="C. L. Sulzberger">
C. L. Sulzberger

Cyrus Leo Sulzberger II (October 27, 1912 – September 20, 1993) was an American journalist, diarist, and non-fiction writer. He was a member of the family that owned "The New York Times" and he was that newspaper's lead foreign correspondent during the 1940s and 1950s.

Sulzberger was born in New York City on October 27, 1912 to Leo Sulzberger (1885–1926). He was the nephew of Arthur Hays Sulzberger, who was publisher of "The New York Times" from 1935 to 1961. He graduated "magna cum laude" from Harvard University in 1934. Cy, as he was commonly called, joined the family paper in 1939 and was soon covering stories oversea as Europe edged toward World War II. Among the reporters who worked for him during the war were Drew Middleton and James Reston. He served as a foreign affairs correspondent for 40 years and wrote two dozen books in his lifetime. His skills as a raconteur were legendary as were his friendships with high and mighty or just plain interesting people. Because of the circles he traveled in, he sometimes carried messages from one foreign leader to another; for U.S. President John F. Kennedy he conveyed a note to Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev in 1961. Of all the leaders he befriended, it is said that he was closest to President Charles de Gaulle of France.

In a 1977 article for "Rolling Stone", journalist Carl Bernstein included Sulzberger in a group of columnists and commentators whose CIA relationships Bernstein characterized as going "far beyond those normally maintained between reporters and their sources." He cited CIA files as referring to Sulzberger as what the agency called "known assets." Bernstein quoted unnamed CIA officials as saying Sulzberger at one time published a briefing paper the CIA provided him almost verbatim under his byline. Bernstein then quoted Sulzberger as calling that allegation "a lot of baloney" and insisting that while the agency might have considered him "an asset," in the sense of his willingness to answer questions about his travels to (fictitious nations) "Slobovia" or "Ruritania," he never took formal assignments from the agency nor would "get caught near the spook business." The Times also denied that Sulzberger had ever been a paid CIA agent.

Sulzberger won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1951 citing "his exclusive interview with Archbishop Stepinac"—Aloysius Stepinac, Archbishop of Zagreb.

In 1942 Sulzberger married Marina Tatiana Ladas, a Greek who was often his travel companion and ensured that they had an active and elegant social life in Paris. She died in 1976 and he died at their Paris home on September 20, 1993. They had two children: David Alexis Sulzberger and Marina Beatrice Sulzberger. In 1967, Marina married Adrian Michael Berry, who later became 4th Viscount Camrose, thereby linking two newspaper dynasties. The Camrose family had once owned "The Daily Telegraph" and retained an interest in that paper until it was taken over by Conrad Black in 1986.




</doc>
<doc id="2754344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2754344" title="Bimal Krishna Matilal">
Bimal Krishna Matilal

Bimal Krishna Matilal (1 June 19358 June 1991) was an eminent Indian philosopher whose writings presented the Indian philosophical tradition as a comprehensive system of logic incorporating most issues addressed by themes in Western philosophy. From 1977 to 1991 he was the Spalding Professor of Eastern Religion and Ethics at the University of Oxford.

Literate in Sanskrit from an early age, Matilal was also drawn towards Mathematics and Logic. He was trained in the traditional Indian philosophical system by leading scholars of the Sanskrit College, where he himself was a teacher from 1957 to 1962. He was taught by scholars like pandit Taranath Tarkatirtha and Kalipada Tarkacharya. He also interacted with pandit Ananta Kumar Nyayatarkatirtha, Madhusudan Nyayacharya and Visvabandhu Tarkatirtha. The "upadhi" (degree) of Tarkatirtha (master of Logic) was awarded to him in 1962.

While teaching at the Sanskrit College (an affiliated college of the University of Calcutta) between 1957 and 1962, Matilal came in contact with Daniel Ingalls, an Indologist at Harvard University, who encouraged him to join the PhD program there. Matilal secured a Fulbright fellowship and completed his PhD under Ingalls on the Navya-Nyāya doctrine of negation, between 1962 and 1965. During this period he also studied with Willard Van Orman Quine. Subsequently, he was professor of Sanskrit at the University of Toronto, and in 1977 he was elected Spalding Professor at Oxford, succeeding Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan and Robert Charles Zaehner.

Matilal died of cancer on 8 June 1991.


In his work, he presented Indian logic, particularly Nyāya-Vaiśeṣika, Mīmāṃsā and Buddhist philosophy, as being relevant in modern philosophical discourse. Matilal presented Indian Philosophical thought more as a synthesis rather than a mere exposition. This helped create a vibrant revival of interest in Indian philosophical tradition as a relevant source of ideas rather than a dead discipline.

He was also the founding editor of the "Journal of Indian Philosophy".


See also the entries in Worldcat.





</doc>
<doc id="2754781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2754781" title="Chandler Davis">
Chandler Davis

Horace Chandler Davis (born August 12, 1926 in Ithaca, New York) is an American-Canadian mathematician, writer, and educator.

He was born in Ithaca, New York, to parents Horace B. Davis and Marian R. Davis. In 1948 he married Natalie Zemon Davis; they have three children. He was a member of the CPUSA and he was dismissed from the University of Michigan and jailed for his beliefs.

He moved to Canada in 1962 and began teaching at the University of Toronto. A lecture in honour of his stand for his beliefs is now held at the university that dismissed him.

In 1950 he received a doctorate in mathematics from Harvard University.

His principal research investigations involve linear algebra and operator theory in Hilbert space. Furthermore, he has made contributions to numerical analysis, geometry, and algebraic logic. He is one of the eponyms of the Davis–Kahan theorem and Bhatia–Davis inequality (along with Rajendra Bhatia). The Davis–Kahan–Weinberger dilation theorem is one of the landmark results in the dilation theory of Hilbert space operators and has found applications in many different areas. A PhD thesis titled "Backward Perturbation and Sensitivity Analysis of Structured Polynomial Eigenvalue Problem" is dedicated to this theorem. Davis has written around eighty research papers in mathematics.
Davis was a professor in the mathematics department of University of Michigan, working alongside Wilfred Kaplan.

He is currently one of the co-Editors-in-Chief of the "Mathematical Intelligencer". In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
He is part of the 2019 class of fellows of the Association for Women in Mathematics.

He began his writing career in "Astounding Science Fiction" in 1946. From 1946 through 1962 he produced a spate of science fiction stories, mostly published there. One of the earliest, published May 1946, was "The Nightmare", later the lead story in "A Treasury of Science Fiction", edited by Groff Conklin; it argued for a national policy of decentralizing industry to evade nuclear attacks by terrorists. He also issued the fanzine "Blitherings" in the 1940s.

He attended Torcon I, the 6th World Science Fiction Convention in 1948, appeared at the 2010 SFContario science fiction convention, and was Science Guest of Honor at the 2013 SFContario science fiction convention.

Davis came from a radical family and has identified himself as a socialist and former member of the Communist Party of America.

Davis—along with two other professors, Mark Nickerson and Clement Markert—refused to cooperate with the House Unamerican Activities Committee and was subsequently dismissed from the University of Michigan. Davis was then sentenced to a six-month prison term where he was able to do some research. A paper from this era has the following acknowledgement:

Research supported in part by the Federal Prison System. Opinions expressed in this paper are the author's and are not necessarily those of the Bureau of Prisons. 

The Federal government released Davis from prison in 1960. After his release, Davis moved to Canada, where he currently resides.

In 1991, the University of Michigan Senate initiated the annual Davis, Markert, Nickerson Lecture on Academic and Intellectual Freedom. Recent speakers have included: Cass Sunstein (2008), Nadine Strossen (2007), Bill Keller (2006), Floyd Abrams (2005), and Noam Chomsky (2004).



</doc>
<doc id="2758154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2758154" title="Philip Kotler">
Philip Kotler

Philip Kotler (born May 27, 1931) is an American marketing author, consultant, and professor; currently the S. C. Johnson & Son Distinguished Professor of International Marketing at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. He gave the definition of marketing mix. He is the author of over 60 marketing books, including "Marketing Management", "Principles of Marketing", "Kotler on Marketing", "Marketing Insights from A to Z", "Marketing 4.0", "Marketing Places", "Marketing of Nations", "Chaotics, Market Your Way to Growth, Winning Global Markets, Strategic Marketing for Health Care Organizations, Social Marketing, Up and Out of Poverty," and "Winning at Innovation." Kotler describes strategic marketing as serving as "the link between society's needs and its pattern of industrial response."

Kotler helped create the field of social marketing that focuses on helping individuals and groups modify their behaviors toward healthier and safer living styles.

Kotler's latest work focuses on economic justice and the shortcomings of capitalism. He published "Confronting Capitalism: Real Solutions for a Troubled Economic System" in 2015, "Democracy in Decline: Rebuilding its Future" in 2016, and "Brand Activism: From Purpose to Action" in 2018.

Both of Kotler's parents, Betty and Maurice, emigrated in 1917 from Russian Empire (currently territory of Ukraine) and settled in Chicago, where Kotler was born on May 27, 1931. He studied at DePaul University for two years and was accepted without a bachelor's degree into the Master's program at the University of Chicago (1953) and his PhD at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (1956), earning both degrees in economics. He studied under three Nobel Laureates in Economic Science: Milton Friedman, Paul Samuelson, and Robert Solow. He did a year of postdoctoral work in mathematics at Harvard University and in behavioral science at the University of Chicago.

Kotler started teaching marketing in 1962 at the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. He believed marketing was an essential part of economics and saw demand as influenced not only by price but also by advertising, sales promotions, sales forces, direct mail, and various middlemen (agents, retailers, wholesalers, etc.) operating as sales and distribution channels.

Philip Kotler holds that: 
"the organization's marketing task is to determine the needs, wants and interests of target markets and to achieve the desired results more effectively and efficiently than competitors, in a way that preserves or enhances the consumer's or society's well-being." 

He links the profit motive to the satisfaction of consumer wants and society's well-being. In order to market effectively, Kotler believes the marketing purpose of elevating consumer well-being has to be put at the heart of company strategy and be practiced by all managers.

In 2003, the "Financial Times" cited Kotler's three major contributions to marketing and to management:

First, he has done more than any other writer or scholar to promote the importance of marketing, transforming it from a peripheral activity, bolted on to the more "important" work of production. Second, he continued a trend started by Peter Drucker, shifting emphasis away from price and distribution to a greater focus on meeting customers' needs and on the benefits received from a product or service. Third, he has broadened the concept of marketing from more selling to a more general process of communication and exchange, and has shown how marketing can be extended and applied to charities, arts organizations, political parties and many other non-commercial situations.

Kotler argued for broadening the field of marketing to cover not only commercial operations but also the operations of non-profit organizations and government agencies. He held that marketing can be applied not only to products, services, and experiences, but also to causes, ideas, persons, and places. Thus a museum needs the marketing skills of Product, Price, Place, and Promotion (the 4P's) if it is to be successful in attracting visitors, donors, staff members, and public support. Kotler and Gerald Zaltman created the field of social marketing, which applies marketing theory to influence behavior change that would benefit consumers, their peers, and society as a whole. Kotler and Sidney Levy developed the idea of demarketing, which organizations must employ to reduce overall or selective demand when demand is too high. Thus, when water is in short supply, the government needs to persuade various water consumers to reduce water usage so that enough water will be available for essential uses.

In 1967, Kotler published "Marketing Management: Analysis, Planning, and Control", now in its 15th edition, and the world's most widely adopted textbook in graduate schools of business. Whereas previous marketing textbooks were highly descriptive, this text was the first to draw on economic science, organizational theory, psychology of behavior and choice, and analytics. It described theory and practice, and drew on findings from empirical studies and cases. On December 9, 1996, the "Financial Times" cited "Marketing Management" as one of the 50 greatest business books of all time.

Kotler is the author and co-author of over 150 published articles and 60 books, , 

Kotler has also written books on such subjects as corporate social responsibility, education, environment, government marketing, healthcare, hospitality, innovation, museums, performing arts, place marketing, poverty alleviation, professional services, religious institutions, tourism, capitalism, and democracy.

Kotler was invited to be the first Legend in Marketing. His published articles are presented, analyzed, and commented on in the nine-volume "Legends in Marketing Series: Philip Kotler", edited by Professor Jagdish Sheth.

In 2014, he started a blog on fixcapitalism.com that featured many articles on making capitalism work better for more people.

In 2016, he became an advisor to "The Marketing Journal", an online site dedicated to sharing insights and next practices in marketing.

In 2017, Kotler published his autobiography - "My Adventures in Marketing", an account of his experiences from his formative years to the present, including his views on topics such as demarketing, brand activism, marketing of the arts, place marketing, as well as the challenges facing capitalism and democracy.

In 1975, Kotler was the first person to receive the "Leader in Marketing Thought" award voted on by the academic members of the American Marketing Association.

The "Financial Times" on November 18, 2005 surveyed 1,000 executives in 25 countries about the Most Influential Business Writers/Management Gurus, and Kotler ranked fourth after Peter Drucker, Bill Gates, and Jack Welch. Kotler's contributions are described in at least one chapter found in every book written about the "gurus" of business and management (see References below).

On February 16, 2013, he was the first recipient of the William L. Wilkie "Marketing for a Better World" award from the American Marketing Association to "honor marketers who have significantly contributed to the understanding and appreciation for marketing's potential to improve the world." Also, in 2013 he was the first recipient of the Sheth Foundation Medal for Exceptional Contribution to Marketing Scholarship and Practice.

On November 7, 2013, Kotler received the Badge of Honor of Officer of the Order of Academic Palms established in France in the 19th Century.

On November 19, 2013, Kotler was inducted into the Management Hall of Fame, along with 10 other management gurus (see www.thinkers50.com/hall-of-fame/).

On March 1, 2014, Kotler is number 16 in the list of the 30 World's Top Management Professionals and the only marketer.

On May 28, 2014, Kotler is inducted in the Marketing Hall of Fame in New York City.

On April 23, 2016, Kotler received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Leaders International at the 6th Global Leadership Awards.
Kotler is also the founder of the World Marketing Summit, whose annual international conferences are dedicated to finding ways to improve marketing, human conditions and the quality of lifeand Kotler Impact. He also co-established the world's first Museum of Marketing (3.0) in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia.. 

Kotler has received 20 honorary degrees from around the world, (at Academy of Economic Studies in Bucharest, Athens School of Economics, BI Norwegian School of Management, Budapest School of Economic Science and Public Administration, Catholic University Santo Domingo, DePaul University, Cracow School of Economics, Groupe HEC, HHL Graduate School of Management, Iliria University, Mackenzin University, Mediterranean University, National University of Kyiv Mohyla Academy, Nyenrode Business University, Plekhanov Russian Academy of Economics, Universidad Americana, Universidad del Pacifico, University American College, University of Bucharest, University of Stockholm, and University of Zurich)

Philip has two brothers, Milton and Neil. Philip met Nancy Kellum at Radcliffe (Harvard) and they married in 1955. They have three daughters, Amy, Melissa and Jessica and nine grandchildren.

"Guru" books that contain a complete chapter on Professor Kotler's contributions include such titles as:

More references:
http://www.kellogg.northwestern.edu/faculty/directory/kotler_philip.aspx#research

https://indianexpress.com/article/india/narendra-modi-philip-kotler-presidential-award-5537841/ 




</doc>
<doc id="2761595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2761595" title="Peter Viereck">
Peter Viereck

Peter Robert Edwin Viereck (August 5, 1916 – May 13, 2006) was an American poet, political thinker, and professor of history at Mount Holyoke College.

Viereck was born in New York City, the son of George Sylvester Viereck. He received his B.A. "summa cum laude" in history from Harvard University in 1937. He then specialized in European history, receiving his M.A. in 1939 and his Ph.D. in 1942, again from Harvard.

Viereck was prolific in his writing from 1938. He was a respected poet, with numerous published collections of poems and some poems first published in "Poetry Magazine". He won the annual Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1949 for the collection "Terror and Decorum". In 1955 he was a Fulbright Scholar at the University of Florence.

Viereck in the 1940s was an early leader in the conservative movement but by 1951 felt that it had strayed from true conservatism (see his review of William F. Buckley's "God and Man at Yale", "The New York Times", November 4, 1951). In April 1940, Viereck wrote an article in the "Atlantic Monthly" ("But—I'm a Conservative!"), partly in reaction against the ideologies of his father, George Sylvester Viereck, a Nazi sympathizer.

His beliefs are difficult to categorize as they raise questions about what "conservative" really means:

According to Tom Reiss, Viereck was right, as he wrote in "Conservatism Revisited" (1949), that he "had 'opened people's minds to the idea that to be conservative is not to be satanic.' But, he said, 'once their minds were opened, Buckley came in'." In a review of Buckley's 1950 book "God and Man at Yale", Viereck wrote:

In 1962 he elaborated upon the differences he saw between real conservatives and those he called pseudo-conservatives. He wrote of

In January 2006, Viereck offered this analysis:

Viereck first taught during 1946–1947 at Smith College. In 1948 he joined the faculty at nearby Mount Holyoke College, also a women's college in Massachusetts. He taught history for nearly fifty years. He retired in 1987 but continued to teach his Russian history survey course there until 1997. Upon grading the final exams of his students, he would write on the test, "An A- is good, an A+ means you aren't smelling enough flowers." He and the poet Joseph Brodsky would often joke about teaching a course together, "Rhyme and Punishment".

Viereck died on May 13, 2006 in South Hadley, Massachusetts after a prolonged illness.




Each year links to a corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:







</doc>
<doc id="2763805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2763805" title="Henry F. May">
Henry F. May

Henry Farnum May (March 27, 1915 – September 29, 2012) was an American historian and Margaret Byrne Professor of History, University of California, Berkeley.

Henry May was the son of Henry F. May, a lawyer, and May (Rickard) May. Born in Denver, Colorado, he was reared in Berkeley, California, and spent a formative year in Europe with his family as the youngest of three children. He married Jean Louise Terrace on June 18, 1941, and they had two children. He earned a B.A. from the University of California, Berkeley (1937) and an M.A. (1938) and a Ph.D. (1947) from Harvard University. May was an instructor of history at Lawrence College from 1941 to 1942, and from 1942 to 1945, he served as a Japanese language translator in the United States Navy Reserve. He was an assistant professor, and then associate professor, at Scripps College from 1947 to 1949 and taught as a visiting associate professor at Bowdoin College from 1950 to 1951. He taught at Berkeley from 1952 until his retirement in 1980, serving as chairman of the history department during the Free Speech Movement of 1964. May's works primarily address American intellectual and religious history, but he also wrote about his youth in Berkeley and his experiences as a graduate student at Harvard during the 1930s.

Two of May’s books helped define scholarly discussion. "The End of American Innocence: A Study of the First Years of Our Own Time, 1912-1917", published in 1959, "argued that the cultural rebellions of the 1920s were well underway before World War I and that these rebellions were less dependent upon the war’s impact than earlier scholars had assumed." "The Enlightenment in America" (1976), which won the Merle Curti Award of the Organization of American Historians, proposed that the Protestant culture of late-18th century America was "strikingly different from its European equivalents." May was honored by the Organization of American Historians with its Distinguished Service Award in 1997. He was also an elected Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.

May's papers are held by the University of California, Berkeley.




</doc>
<doc id="2766992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2766992" title="Anthony Heilbut">
Anthony Heilbut

Anthony Heilbut (born November 22, 1940) is an American writer, and record producer of gospel music. He is noted for his biography of Thomas Mann, and has also won a Grammy Award.

Anthony Heilbut, the son of German Jewish refugees Bertha and Otto Heilbut, was born in New York. He has a doctorate in English from Harvard University. He received his Ph.D. from Harvard University when he was 25. For the next ten years he taught, first at New York University and then at Hunter College. Since 1976 he has been a full-time writer and record producer.

Heilbut's first book, "", was published in 1971 and has been updated several times since then; a "25th Anniversary Edition" appeared in 1997. 
James Baldwin said, It's a very beautiful book, with love and precision, no pity -- a little like a gospel song ... I didn't know that anybody knew that much about it, or cared that much, or could be so tough and lucid. Counter-Punch magazine selected it as one of its top 100 books of the 20th century.

"Exiled in Paradise: German Refugee Artists and Intellectuals in America from the 1930s to the Present" was published in 1983 and updated in 1997. It was a finalist for "The Los Angeles Times" Book of the Year. In 2003, a conference entitled "Exiled in Paradise" was held at Los Angeles' Villa Aurora, the palatial residence of Lion Feuchtwanger, one of the best-known emigre writers. (Ironically Feuchtwanger's famous novel, "The Oppermanns", was inspired by Otto Heilbut's cousin Wilfrid Israel. Wilfrid, whom Christopher Isherwood called "the greatest man I ever met", was also the inspiration for the character of Herr Landauer in Isherwood's "Goodbye to Berlin".)

Heilbut's "" was published in 1996. "The New York Times" called the book "brilliant" and "astonishing". Colm Toibin in "The London Review of Books" called it "brilliantly perceptive", and the London "Independent" called it "endlessly illuminating". In 1997 it received the Randy Shilts Award for Gay Non-Fiction from the Publishing Triangle.

He has written reviews and articles for, among others, "Harper's Magazine", "The New York Times Book Review", "The Nation", "Truthdig", "The New Yorker", "Dimensions", "The Village Voice", "The Daily Beast", "The Believer", "The Los Angeles Times" Book Review, "Black Women in America", and "The Encyclopedia of New York City".

Heilbut's "The Fan Who Knew Too Much", a collection of cultural essays published by Alfred A. Knopf in 2012, ranges from Thomas Mann to the gay and lesbian influence on gospel music. The book has won the "Deems Taylor ASCAP Award", and was chosen by Lorin Stein, editor of the "Paris Review", as one of his seven recommended books of 2012. The book was released in paperback by Soft Skull Press in fall 2013.

He has appeared in several documentaries including "Rejoice and Shout" (2011) and "Sister Rosetta Tharpe: The Godmother of Rock and Roll" (2011).

Heilbut is well known as a record producer. He has produced anthologies of jazz, country music, white gospel, and even opera ("50 Great Moments in Opera" has sold over 700,000 albums), but his specialty is black gospel music. Among his productions, "How I Got Over" (Columbia) by Mahalia Jackson has won a Grammy Award; "Prayer Changes Things" (Atlantic) by Marion Williams has won a Grand Prix du Disque; and "" (Sony) was the first gospel album to be included in the Library of Congress' National Directory.

He has produced albums for many labels. Since 1987 he has been the president, sole producer, literary editor, and janitor of Spirit Feel Records, which is distributed by Shanachie Records. He jokes that the critical reception has been "as full-throated as a gospel solo." Ten Spirit Feel albums have received five-star reviews from "Rolling Stone". The magazine even called Marion Williams, Heilbut's most heralded artist, "the greatest singer ever." Thanks largely to her recordings for Spirit Feel, Williams received both the MacArthur Genius Award and the Kennedy Center Honor in 1993, tragically just a few months before her death.

Other gospel acts Heilbut has produced include The Dixie Hummingbirds, Professor Alex Bradford, Dorothy Love Coates, Bessie Griffin, Reverend Claude Jeter, R. H. Harris, Inez Andrews, The Roberta Martin Singers, Sallie Martin, J. Robert Bradley, Robert Anderson, Willie Mae Ford Smith, The Stars of Faith and Delois Barrett Campbell. He says "it has been the thrill of my lifetime to work with my singing idols."

He has also produced reissues and career overviews of Edna Gallmon Cooke, The Fairfield Four, and his good friend Sister Rosetta Tharpe. He has written close to one hundred liner notes. In 2010 he produced a combination CD/DVD, "". In 2011 he annotated and co-produced Aretha Franklin The Great American Songbook.

Spirit Feel albums have not sold well. The famous photographer David Gahr once quipped, "I never heard of a label getting such great reviews and selling so few records." But the outlook is not totally bleak. In 2005, after Marion Williams album "Remember Me" was released, Heilbut was interviewed by Michele Norris on National Public Radio, and overnight, the album soared to #16 on amazon.com. Williams' Spirit Feel recordings, produced by Heilbut, have been featured in several films, most famously "Fried Green Tomatoes" and "Mississippi Masala", as well as in the video game "Scene It"; as recently as January 2020 one was included in a Netflix film directed by Tyler Perry. That same month a Spirit Feel recording of Bessie Griffin was sampled in a Beyoncé commercial.

Heilbut is an atheist.



</doc>
<doc id="2767820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2767820" title="Victor H. Mair">
Victor H. Mair

Victor Henry Mair (; born March 25, 1943) is an American sinologist. He is a professor of Chinese at the University of Pennsylvania. Among other accomplishments, Mair has edited the standard "Columbia History of Chinese Literature" and the "Columbia Anthology of Traditional Chinese Literature". Mair is the series editor of the Cambria Sinophone World Series (Cambria Press), and his book coauthored with Miriam Robbins Dexter (published by Cambria Press), "Sacred Display: Divine and Magical Female Figures of Eurasia", won the Sarasvati Award for the Best Nonfiction Book in Women and Mythology.

Victor H. Mair was born on March 25, 1943, in East Canton, Ohio. After high school, Mair attended Dartmouth College, where, in addition to his studies, he was a member of the Dartmouth Big Green men's basketball team. He graduated with a B.A. in 1965, then joined the Peace Corps and served in Nepal for two years. After leaving the Peace Corps in 1967, Mair returned to the United States and enrolled in the Buddhist Studies program at the University of Washington, where he began studying Buddhism, Sanskrit, and Classical Tibetan. In 1968, Mair won a Marshall Scholarship and moved to the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London to further study Chinese and Sanskrit, receiving a B.A. (Hons) in 1972 and an M.Phil. in 1974. He then went to Harvard University to pursue doctoral studies in Chinese under the New Zealander scholar Patrick Hanan. He received a Ph.D. in 1976 with a doctoral dissertation entitled "Popular Narratives From Tun-huang", a study and translation of folk literature discovered among the Dunhuang manuscripts.

After completing his Ph.D., Mair joined the faculty at Harvard as an assistant professor and taught there for three years. In 1979, Mair left Harvard to join the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania, where he has remained ever since. He is also founder and editor of "Sino-Platonic Papers", an academic journal examining Chinese, East Asian and Central Asian linguistics and literature.

Mair specializes in early written vernacular Chinese, and is responsible for translations of the "Dao De Jing" (the Mawangdui Silk Texts version), the "Zhuangzi" and "The Art of War". He has also collaborated on interdisciplinary research on the archeology of Eastern Central Asia. The American Philosophical Society awarded him membership in 2007.

In 1969, Mair married Chang Li-ch'ing (; 1936–2010), a Chinese-Taiwanese scholar who taught Mandarin Chinese at the University of Washington, Tunghai University, Bryn Mawr College, Harvard University, the University of Pennsylvania, and Swarthmore College. Together they had one son, Thomas Krishna Mair.

Three of Mair's former students characterize his wide-ranging scholarship.
Victor has always cast his nets widely, and he could routinely amaze us with observations far afield from the Chinese text we were reading in class. Today people often attempt to simulate this cosmopolitanism under the rubric of interdisciplinary study, but for Victor, it was quite untrendy: he simply had an insatiable appetite for knowledge and pushing boundaries. Indeed, border-crossing has been our mentor's dominant mode of scholarship, a mode that has constantly interrogated where those very borders are both geographically and categorically. Though never sporting fashionable jargon, Victor has always taken on phenomena and issues that engage aspects of multiculturalism, hybridity, alterity, and the subaltern, while remarkably grounding his work in painstaking philological analysis. Victor demonstrates the success of philology, often dismissed as a nineteenth-century holdover, for investigating twenty-first-century concerns. (Boucher, Schmid, and Sen 2006:1) 

Mair is a contributor to the linguistics blog Language Log.

Mair is a long-time advocate for writing Mandarin Chinese in an alphabetic script (viz., pinyin), which he considers advantageous for Chinese education, computerization, and lexicography.

In the first issue of "Sino-Platonic papers" (1986), he suggested the publication of a Chinese dictionary arranged in the same familiar way as English, French, or Korean dictionaries: "single-sort alphabetical arrangement" purely based on the alphabetic spelling of a word, regardless of its morphological structure. Most Chinese words are multisyllabic compounds, where each syllable or morpheme is written with a single Chinese character. Following a two-millennia tradition, Chinese dictionaries – even modern pinyin-based ones like the "Xinhua Zidian" – are regularly ordered in "sorted-morpheme arrangement" based on the first morpheme (character) in a word. For instance, a Chinese dictionary user who wanted to look up the word "Bābāduōsī" 巴巴多斯 "" could find it under "ba" in traditional sorted- morpheme ordering (which is easier if one knows the character's appearance or radical but not its pronunciation) or under "baba" in single-sort alphabetic ordering (which is easier if one knows the pronunciation).

In 1990, after unsuccessfully trying to obtain financial support for an alphabetically collated Chinese-English dictionary, Mair organized an international team of linguists and lexicographers who were willing to work as part-time volunteers. Under the editorial leadership of John DeFrancis, they published the first general Chinese-English single-sort dictionary in 1996. According to the "Acknowledgments" (1996:ix), "This dictionary owes its genesis to the initiative of Victor H. Mair of Pennsylvania." A revised and expanded edition was published in 2000.


Works listed in Library of Congress (Chronological order)




</doc>
<doc id="2770607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2770607" title="Michael Alter">
Michael Alter

Michael Alter is an American businessman who is the president and owner of the Alter Group, a commercial real estate developer.

Alter's company has developed nearly of commercial real estate. The group won the Beyond the Box: Exceptional Industrial Projects award for its development of the Thomson Learning Distribution Center.

Alter is founder and president of City Year Chicago, whose signature program is the City Year Youth Service Corps. The goal in the program is to bring together approximately 1,000 people ranging in age from 17–24 from diverse backgrounds and put them through a full-time commitment of a year of community service, leadership development, and civic engagement where they mentor children.

In 2005, he became the principal owner and chairman of the WNBA team: the Chicago Sky.

In 2009, Michael Alter was part of an investment team that purchased "The New Republic", one of the nation's oldest political and cultural magazines.
Alter has a Bachelor of Arts degree in government from Harvard University and a law degree from the University of Chicago. He and his wife Ellen are parents of three children. They live in Winnetka, Illinois.



</doc>
<doc id="2796663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2796663" title="William Berenberg">
William Berenberg

William Berenberg, M.D. (October 29, 1915 – September 14, 2005) was an American physician, Harvard professor, and pioneer in the treatment and rehabilitation of cerebral palsy.

Berenberg was born in Haverhill, Massachusetts, to immigrant parents. Growing up in Chelsea, Massachusetts, he proved a bright and studious young man and earned admission to Harvard University on scholarship. However, his father was reportedly too proud to allow his son to take the "hand-out" and Berenberg worked his own way through the Ivy League institution, commuting from home and cleaning dishes for extra income.
He graduated from Harvard cum laude in 1936 and entered Boston University Medical School later that year, earning his M.D. in 1940. In 1941, Berenberg entered the pathology department of Children's Hospital in Boston as an intern. Thus began his extraordinary sixty-year relationship with the hospital.

He was Chief, Interim Chief or Associate Chief of seven divisions, including serving as Associate Physician-in-Chief from 1969 to 1974, and Chief of the Cerebral Palsy Division for 44 years. He was a worldwide leader in the study and treatment of cerebral palsy and opened the first cerebral palsy kindergarten in Wellesley, Massachusetts. In 1968, he was elected president of the American Academy of Cerebral Palsy. Along with friend and fellow cerebral palsy advocate Leonard Goldenson, Berenberg appeared before the U.S. House Appropriations Committee in 1973. He successfully lobbied for the Rehabilitation Act, which was arguably the first piece of landmark legislation enacted to protect the disabled, outlawing discrimination based on handicap. In it, public funding was secured for orthopedic equipment. Berenberg became an adjunct professor at MIT and, from 1974–1988, directed the Harvard - MIT Rehabilitation Engineering Center, where he coordinated research to create devices to help those with disabilities.

A Professor of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School, Berenberg trained over 1,000 pediatricians and treated many thousands of children, including President John F. Kennedy's late son Patrick. Housecalls in eastern Massachusetts were common, but he also built a large international practice, with patients from Mexico to Saudi Arabia. Berenberg was the official medical consultant to the U.S. Virgin Islands.

Berenberg received numerous honors and awards during his long career. Early on, he was lauded by President Franklin D. Roosevelt for his research in gamma globulin. In 1970, the President of Ecuador awarded him the National Order of Merit with the grade of commander for service to that nation's children. In 1980, he was awarded the Janeway Award for Excellence in Clinical Teaching from the house staff. In 1990, Berenberg received a distinct honor when many of his colleagues, supporters, and former patients raised funds to endow the William Berenberg Professorship of Pediatrics at Harvard Medical School. Frederick Lovejoy was the first to hold the chair.

Formally retiring in 2001, Berenberg remained a Harvard professor emeritus until his death on September 14, 2005 in Norwood, Massachusetts. He is buried at Sharon Memorial Park in Sharon, Massachusetts. Berenberg married Blanche Berger (dec. 1989) in 1939 and the couple had three children. Two became physicians, Jeffrey L. Berenberg and Richard A. Berenberg (dec. 1984), and one became a social worker, Barbara Berenberg.


</doc>
<doc id="2798177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2798177" title="Gary Alan Fine">
Gary Alan Fine

Gary Alan Fine (born May 11, 1950, in New York City) is an American sociologist and author.

The son of Bernard David Fine and Bernice Estelle Tanz, Fine grew up in Manhattan and went to the Horace Mann School. He studied psychology at the University of Pennsylvania (Phi Beta Kappa). He attended graduate school at Harvard University from 1972 to 1976 and received his PhD from Harvard in social psychology. His dissertation advisor was the eminent small group theorist Robert F. Bales.

In 1976, he became an assistant professor in the sociology department at the University of Minnesota. At various times, he was a visiting professor at Indiana University (1980), the University of Chicago (1985), the University of Bremen (1986), and the University of Iceland (1988). In 1988, he received the American Folklore Society's Opie Award for the Best Scholarly Book in the field of Children's Folklore and Culture for his work "With The Boys", an ethnographic study of Little League baseball teams.

In 1990, he became the department head of the Department of Sociology at the University of Georgia, a position he held until 1993, after which he remained a professor. In 1990 he was also the President of the Society for the Study of Symbolic Interactionism. During the term of 1994 to 1995, he was a fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences, affiliated with Stanford University. He continued at the University of Georgia but accepted a position at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois beginning in 1997, where in 2005 he was named John Evans Professor. In 2002, he was the President of the Midwest Sociological Society, and in 2005 he was President of the Society for the Study of Social Problems. He remains at Northwestern and in 2003 was a fellow at the Swedish Collegium for Advanced Study in the Social Sciences at Uppsala University in Sweden. In 2005 and 2006, he was a visiting scholar at the Russell Sage Foundation in New York City. He is the current editor (through 2010) of Social Psychology Quarterly, an official journal of the American Sociological Association. He is married to Susan Hirsig Fine and has two children.

Fine has written ethnographies of a number of diverse small group activities from analyses of Dungeons and Dragons players and mushroom hunters to high school policy debaters and restaurant workers. Fine maintains that these different groups and distinct areas connect: 

His work on rumor has made a substantial contribution to the understanding of urban legends and the transmission of rumors. In 2001, he co-authored a book with University of California-Davis Professor Patricia Turner on rumors in the African-American community and rumors and urban legends held by whites about blacks in the United States. He is currently researching rumors related to the September 11 attacks and terrorism. A recently published manuscript deals with the social production and communication of scientific work at the National Weather Service.

Another area of research includes the complicated historical and social reputations of figures such as Thorstein Veblen, Benedict Arnold, Fatty Arbuckle, Herman Melville, Vladimir Nabokov, Warren Harding, Sinclair Lewis, and Henry Ford. On August 4, 2004, several months before the 2004 Presidential Election, he set off a minor storm, especially in the political blogger community, with his Op-Ed piece in the Washington Post "Ire to the Chief" that argued that the commonly expressed hatreds of Presidents George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and Richard Nixon reflected their behavior and activities in youth more than their specific policies as President.

Fine is also a major figure in the study of the work of Erving Goffman and the theory of symbolic interactionism. He co-edited with Gregory W. H. Smith a major compilation of Goffman's work and of criticism and analysis of his contribution to the social sciences. Together with Kent Sandstrom and Dan Martin, he has produced a forthcoming textbook on symbolic interactionism entitled "Symbols, Selves, and Social Reality: A Symbolic Interactionist Approach to Sociology and Social Psychology".

In addition to his analysis of restaurant establishment culture in his 1996 book "Kitchens: The Culture of Restaurant Work", Fine considers himself a sort of amateur restaurant critic. Through 2015, he maintained a blog, called "Veal Cheeks", describing his restaurant visits while living in New York City. His writing style, punchy and wry, can also be seen in his review of Eric Schlosser's book, "Fast Food Nation", for Reason magazine.

Another subject in which Fine has combined his personal and academic interests is art. While researching his book about outsider art "Everyday Genius", he became well-acquainted with many of the major figures and artists in that segment of the art world. He studied the cases of major outsider (self-taught) artists like Henry Darger, Bill Traylor, Edgar Tolson, Thornton Dial, Lonnie Holley, Martin Ramirez, Sam Doyle, and Howard Finster. He is also an avid collector of outsider art himself. While researching the book and living in Georgia, he was a member of the Nexus Center for Contemporary Art and a board member at the High Museum of Art in Atlanta. He is also currently a board member of the Intuit: Center for Intuitive and Outsider Art in Chicago.
During his research for "Gifted Tongues: High School Debate and Adolescent Culture", he followed and observed several high school policy debate teams in Minnesota. The book depicts an activity, although popular in United States, that is often seen as esoteric and confusing. His son, Todd David Fine, as described in the dedication to the book, first saw a video of the activity as a young child while Fine was researching the book. Apparently inspired, in high school, Todd, along with his partners Adam Goldstein and Julie Bashkin, went on to capture the national-circuit debate championship the "Tournament of Champions" and the "Barkley Forum" at Emory University, another major championship in the activity.




</doc>
<doc id="2800194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2800194" title="David Chadwick Smith">
David Chadwick Smith

David Chadwick Smith (August 12, 1931 – May 22, 2000) was a Canadian economist, and the sixteenth Principal of Queen's University from 1984 to 1994.

In 1993, he was made a member of the Order of Canada. He was made a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada in 1976.


</doc>
<doc id="2802753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2802753" title="Craig Hickman">
Craig Hickman

Craig Hickman (born December 8, 1967) is an African-American writer, farmer and Democratic politician from the state of Maine. Elected in 2012, he is serving in the 126th Maine House of Representatives as the representative for Maine's 82nd district. Hickman won his 2012 primary election by nearly 80%, and campaigned on ending hunger, eliminating regulations for small farms and businesses, and investing in sustainable energy initiatives.

Hickman was born in Madison, Wisconsin, on December 8, 1967. He attended high-school at Rufus King High School in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where he was valedictorian. Hickman attended college at Harvard University, graduating in 1990 with a bachelor's degree in Government. He first ran for the Maine House in 2010, losing to incumbent Patrick Flood. In 2012 he won his primary election by a sizable margin, and then the general election on November 6, 2012, beating Republican Scott Davis 59%–41%. Two years later, in the midst of a Republican wave, Hickman won re-election against Republican Lee Fellman by a landslide margin, 65%-35%.

Hickman currently lives in Winthrop, Maine, with his partner, Jop Blom. He is one of six openly gay members of the Maine Legislature, alongside Sen. Justin Chenette (D–Saco) and Reps. Matt Moonen (D–Portland), Ryan Fecteau (D–Biddeford), Lois Galgay Reckitt (D–South Portland) and Andrew McLean (D–Gorham).

He operates the 25-acre historic Annabessacook Farm Bed & Breakfast, where he regularly serves free meals to underprivileged citizens. Hickman also writes one of the top-ranked independent sports blogs on the internet, and is past President of the Winthrop Area Rotary Club.

Hickman was seriously burned on July 10, 2018 while attempting to light a brush pile on fire. 

Hickman's book "Fumbling Toward Divinity" was a finalist in the Spirituality category at the 2006 Lambda Literary Awards. In addition, he has received a fellowship from the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a Gertrude Johnson Literary Award, the James Baldwin Award for Cultural Achievement, and a Spirit of America Foundation Award.




</doc>
<doc id="2803505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2803505" title="Harry Levin">
Harry Levin

Harry Tuchman Levin (July 18, 1912 – May 29, 1994) was an American literary critic and scholar of modernism and comparative literature.

Levin was born in Minneapolis, the son of Beatrice Hirshler (née Tuchman) and Isadore Henry Levin. His family was Jewish. Levin was educated at Harvard University (where he was a contemporary of M. H. Abrams). According to a biographical memoir by Walter Jackson Bate:

After graduating Summa Cum Laude in 1933 he was appointed Junior fellow in then new Society of Fellows, where he pursued in depth what were to become his three major interests: Shakespeare and the English Renaissance; modern literature generally; and the relation of English and American to other literatures, from Greek and Latin antiquity to the present, all of which are reflected in his early publications, giving him a perspective lacking in the ordinary specialist and scarcely matched in his later years by more than three or four scholars here or abroad. In the 1930s, junior fellows did not normally take a Ph. D., so that Harry, like his noted predecessor, George Lyman Kittrdge, remained an A.B., though he was in time to receive six honorary degrees, including ones from Oxford and the Sorbonne, and though he was, over the years, to supervise over ninety doctoral theses. 

Levin began teaching at Harvard in 1939 and that same year he married Elena Zarudnaya. He was named "Irving Babbitt Professor of Comparative Literature" at Harvard in 1960 and retired in 1983. He continued to live near campus in Cambridge, Massachusetts, until his death in 1994. He was survived by his widow Elena and their daughter Marina.

Levin's course in "Comedy on the Stage" inspired Leonard Lehrman to write the paper, "The Threepenny Cradle," comparing the Brecht-Weill "Threepenny Opera" to Marc Blitzstein's "The Cradle Will Rock". In the fall of 1969, in a production of "Cradle" directed by Lehrman, Levin was the sole patron. In 1970-1971 he encouraged, advised, and became a patron for two other Harvard productions by Lehrman: the U.S. premiere of Brecht's "The Days of the Commune", and a triple-bill in memory of Blitzstein, which was attended by Leonard Bernstein. It was at that production that Levin invited Bernstein to become Norton Lecturer at Harvard, which he did, a year later.

In 1985, the American Comparative Literature Association began awarding the "Harry Levin Prize" for books on literary history or criticism and in 1997, Harvard University endowed the new chair (position) of "Harry Levin Professor of Literature".




</doc>
<doc id="2813185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2813185" title="Stephen Orgel">
Stephen Orgel

Stephen Orgel is Professor of English at Stanford University. Best known as a scholar of Shakespeare, Orgel writes primarily about the political and historical context of Renaissance literature.

Orgel received his B.A. from Columbia University in 1954 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1959. He has taught at Stanford since 1985



</doc>
<doc id="2817890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2817890" title="Howard Jonas">
Howard Jonas

Howard S. Jonas (born 2 June 1956) is a businessman and telecom entrepreneur and the founder of IDT Corporation and Genie Energy.

Jonas graduated from The Bronx High School of Science and then received a B.A. in economics from Harvard University in 1978. Although not raised an Orthodox Jew, he funds a range of Orthodox as well as other Jewish causes across the ideological spectrum, and has made major investments in Israel as well. It is estimated that 25 to 40 percent of the 5,000 employees at IDT are Orthodox.

Jonas is the founder and has been President of Jonas Media Group since its inception in 1979.

In August 1990, Jonas founded IDT Corp. (NYSE: IDT) and has been chairman of the board since its inception. He was CEO of the company from December 1991 until July 2001, president from December 1991 to September 1996 and treasurer from inception to 2002.

Jonas has also been the chairman of the board of directors of IDT Telecom, Inc. since December 1999 and a director of IDT Capital, Inc. since September 2004. He was co-chairman of the board of directors of IDT Entertainment, Inc. from November 2004 until August 2006. Since August 2006, Jonas has been a director of Starz Media Holdings, LLC, Starz Media, LLC and Starz Foreign Holdings, LLC, each of which is an affiliate of the company. Jonas is also the founder and has been president of Jonas Publishing since its inception in 1979. He was the chairman of the noard of directors of Net2Phone from October 2001 to October 2004, the vice chairman of the board of directors of Net2Phone from October 2004 to June 2006 and has been the chairman since June 2006.

Jonas is the founder of Genie Energy (NYSE: GNE, GNEPRA) and has served as the Chairman of its Board of Directors since it was spun off from IDT Corporation in October 2011. In addition, he has been a director of IDT Energy since June 2007. In 2013, Genie Energy was granted exclusive oil and gas exploration rights in the southern part of the Golan Heights by the Netanyahu government. Jonas served as CEO of Genie Energy from January 2014 until November 2017.

In May 2017, the businessman and telecom speculator agreed to sell one of his companies, Straight Path Communications, a long-struggling wireless venture, to Verizon Communications Inc. for $3.1 billion.
Jonas is chairman of the board and chief executive officer at Rafael Holdings. He has been a director of Rafael Pharmaceuticals since April 2013 and was appointed chairman of the board in April 2016. Together with industry professionals, he is guiding the company's Phase 3 FDA trials of an anti-cancer drug.

In 2006, Jonas published his second book: "I'm Not the Boss, I Just Work Here". An article by Jonas entitled "But Will Good Character Pay My Bills?" appeared in an anthology of articles compiled and edited by Moshe Kaplan in 2008 entitled "Be a Mensch", . He also wrote a book called "On a Roll".


</doc>
<doc id="2819206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2819206" title="David Edelstein">
David Edelstein

David Edelstein (born 1959) is the chief film critic for "New York" magazine and "CBS Sunday Morning". He lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his wife and two daughters.

Edelstein became a journalist after graduating from Harvard in 1981. He is often associated with close friend, fellow film critic, and iconoclast Pauline Kael. He is also credited with coining the term "torture porn," a genre to describe such movies as "Hostel" and "Saw".

He has previously been a film critic for "Slate" (1996–2005), NPR's Fresh Air (2002-2018), the "New York Post", "The Village Voice", and "The Boston Phoenix". His work has also appeared in "The New York Times" Arts & Leisure section, "Rolling Stone", "Vanity Fair", "The New York Times Magazine", "Variety", "Esquire", and elsewhere. He is a member of the New York Film Critics Circle and the National Society of Film Critics.

He is the author, with independent film producer Christine Vachon of Killer Films, of "Shooting to Kill" (Avon Books, 1998). He is also the author of two plays, "Feed the Monkey" (Loeb Experimental Theater, Harvard College, 1993) and "Blaming Mom" (Watermark Theater, New York City, 1994).

In 2018, WHYY-FM, the producer of "Fresh Air", ended its relationship with Edelstein. Edelstein made a joke on his Facebook page about a rape scene in the film "Last Tango in Paris" which some viewed as "offensive and unacceptable." Edelstein stated that he was unaware of the link between the film and rape, apologized and deleted the post. Edelstein was defended by media outlets such as "Salon" and the editorial board of the "New York Post" and "The American Conservative".



</doc>
<doc id="2820559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2820559" title="Josiah Quincy III">
Josiah Quincy III

Josiah Quincy III (; February 4, 1772 – July 1, 1864) was a U.S. educator and political figure. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives (1805–1813), Mayor of Boston (1823–1828), and President of Harvard University (1829–1845). The historic Quincy Market in downtown Boston is named in his honor.

Quincy, the son of Josiah Quincy II and Abigail Phillips, was born in Boston, on that part of Washington Street that was then known as Marlborough Street. He was a descendant of the Rev. George Phillips of Watertown, the progenitor of the New England Phillips family in America.

Quincy's father had traveled to England in 1774, partly for his health but mainly as an agent of the patriot cause to with the friends of the colonists in London. Josiah Quincy II died off the coast of Gloucester on April 26, 1775. His son, young Josiah, was not yet three years old.

He entered Phillips Academy, Andover, when it opened in 1778, and graduated from Harvard in 1790. After his graduation from Harvard he studied law for three years under the tutorship of William Tudor. Quincy was admitted to the bar in 1793, but was never a prominent advocate.

In 1797 Quincy married Eliza Susan Morton of New York, younger sister of Jacob Morton.
They had seven children: Eliza Susan Quincy, Josiah Quincy, Jr., Abigail Phillips Quincy, Maria Sophia Quincy, Margaret Morton Quincy, Edmund Quincy, and Anna Cabot Lowell Quincy.

In 1798 Quincy was appointed Boston Town Orator by the Board of Selectmen, and in 1800 he was elected to the School Committee.
Quincy became a leader of the Federalist party in Massachusetts, was an unsuccessful candidate for the United States House of Representatives in 1800, and served in the Massachusetts Senate in 1804–5. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1803.

From 1805 to 1813, he was a member of the United States House of Representatives where he was one of the small Federalist minority. In the dark days of the Embargo in the second term of President Thomas Jefferson, he suggested his impeachment.
He attempted to secure the exemption of fishing vessels from the Embargo Act, urged the strengthening of the United States Navy, and vigorously opposed the admittance of Louisiana as a state in 1811. In this last matter he stated as his "deliberate opinion, that if this bill passes, the bonds of this Union are virtually dissolved; that the States that compose it are free from their moral obligations; and that, as it will be the right of all, so it will be the duty of some, to prepare definitely for a separation, amicably if they can, violently if they must." This was probably the first assertion of the right of secession on the floor of Congress. Quincy left Congress because he saw that the Federalist opposition was useless.

In 1812, Quincy was a founding member of the American Antiquarian Society.
After leaving Congress, Quincy was a member of the Massachusetts Senate until 1820. In 1821–22 he was a member and speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Quincy resigned from the legislature to become judge of the municipal court of Boston. Quincy was a candidate for Mayor of Boston in Boston's first election under a city charter, held on April 8, 1822. The votes of this first election were evenly split between Quincy and Harrison Gray Otis, with a few votes to others. Neither Quincy nor Otis had a majority, so neither was elected. They both withdrew their candidacies, and John Phillips was elected Boston's first mayor. In 1823 Quincy was elected as the second mayor of Boston; he served six-one year terms from 1823 to 1828. During his terms as mayor Quincy Market was built, the fire and police departments were reorganized, and the city's care of the poor was systematized.

From 1829 to 1845, he was President of Harvard University, of which he had been an overseer since 1810, when the board was reorganized. At a time when college presidents were chosen for their intellectual achievements, Quincy's past experience as a politician and not an academic made him an unusual choice. He has been called "the great organizer of the university." He gave an elective (or "voluntary") system an elaborate trial; introduced a system of marking (on the scale of 8) on which college rank and honors, formerly rather carelessly assigned, were based; first used courts of law to punish students who destroyed or damaged college property; and helped to reform the finances of the university. During his term Dane Hall (for law) was dedicated, Gore Hall was built, and the Astronomical Observatory was equipped. Quincy House, one of the university's twelve upperclass residential houses, is named for him.

In 1856 Quincy gave an address concerning the then upcoming American presidential election. Quincy endorsed the Republican candidate, John C. Fremont, and denounced how "for more than fifty years, the Slave States have subjugated the Free States." This speech is cited in
""Negro President": Jefferson and the Slave Power", by Garry Wills. 

His last years were spent principally on his farm in Quincy, Massachusetts, where he died on July 1, 1864.





</doc>
<doc id="2820563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2820563" title="Josiah Quincy II">
Josiah Quincy II

Josiah Quincy II (; February 23, 1744April 26, 1775) was an American lawyer and patriot. He was a principal spokesman for the Sons of Liberty in Boston prior to the Revolution and was John Adams' co-counsel during the trials of Captain Thomas Preston and the soldiers involved in the Boston Massacre.

Quincy was the son of Col. Josiah Quincy I and the father of the Harvard president and Boston mayor Josiah Quincy III. He was a descendant of Edmund Quincy, who emigrated to Massachusetts in 1633. His first cousin once removed was Dorothy Quincy, wife of Governor John Hancock. He was also a distant relative of John Quincy Adams through the sixth President's mother, Abigail Smith Adams.

Quincy was born in Boston in 1744, to Col. Josiah Quincy and Hannah Sturgis Quincy. In 1756, shortly after the death of his mother, he moved with his father and other siblings to their ancestral homestead in Braintree. In 1763, he graduated Harvard, and began studying law in the office of Oxenbridge Thacher (died 1765), a top Boston attorney, whose practice he would take over in 1765. A gifted orator, in 1766 he delivered an impassioned address in English "on liberty," or as others would recall it, on the meaning of being "a patriot," at Harvard's commencement upon receiving his Masters. The speech caught the attention of Boston's patriot leadership, and by 1767, he was contributing regularly to Samuel Adams' "Boston Gazette".

Published initially under the name "Hyperion", his essays were notable for their colorful rhetoric and denouncement of British oppression.

On February 12, 1770, he published in the "Gazette" a call to his countrymen "to break off all social intercourse with those whose commerce contaminates, whose luxuries poison, whose avarice is insatiable, and whose unnatural oppressions are not to be borne 

He used the signatures Mentor, Callisthenes, Marchmont Needham, Edward Sexby, &c., in later letters to the "Boston Gazette."

After the Boston Massacre (March 5, 1770) he and John Adams defended Captain Preston and the accused soldiers and secured their acquittal. Prosecuting the case were Robert Treat Paine and Josiah's older brother Samuel Quincy, who shortly after was named solicitor general.

He traveled for his health in the South in 1773, and left in his journal an interesting account of his travels and of society in South Carolina; this journey was important in that it brought Southern patriots into closer relations with the popular leaders in Massachusetts.

Perhaps seeking to enhance his standing in advance of the selection of delegates to the First Continental Congress, in May 1774 he published "Observations on the Act of Parliament, commonly called The Boston Port Bill, with Thoughts on Civil Society and Standing Armies", in which he urged patriots and heroes to form a compact for opposition and for vengeance.

In September 1774 he secretly left for England, where he argued the American cause to British politicians who were sympathetic to the colonies.

On March 16, 1775, he started back, but he died of tuberculosis on April 26, 1775, on a boat within sight of the Massachusetts shore.




</doc>
<doc id="2825159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2825159" title="Roberto Castillo Sandoval">
Roberto Castillo Sandoval

Roberto Castillo Sandoval (born November 14, 1957) is a Chilean author, translator and professor of Spanish an Comparative Literature at Haverford College in Haverford, Pennsylvania. His degrees include a Ph.D. and A.M. from Harvard University (1992 and 1987, respectively), an M.A. from Vanderbilt University (1985) and a B.A. from Kenyon College (1982). 

He has published scholarly essays on Latin American colonial and contemporary literature, short fiction, and poetry, as well as travel chronicles and literary and opinion columns for Chilean print and web media. His novel "Muriendo por la dulce patria mía" (Planeta, 1998; republished, with a new version and postscript by Laurel Editores, 2017) was based on the life of Chilean heavyweight boxer Arturo Godoy. His translation of Herman Melville's "Bartleby, the Scrivener", was published by Hueders in 2017. He maintains the blog "Antípodas: Crónicas, ensayos y leseras", which hosts a selection of his writings.



</doc>
<doc id="2828310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2828310" title="Daniel Gross">
Daniel Gross

Daniel Gross (born August 4, 1967) is a financial and economic journalist. He has been the executive editor of "strategy+business" magazine since 2015.

Prior to joining "strategy+business", Gross was a columnist and the global business editor at the "Daily Beast" (2012-2014). Previously, he was the economics editor and cohost of "The Daily Ticker" at Yahoo Finance (2010-2012), a columnist and a senior editor at "Newsweek" (2007-2010), a columnist at "Slate" (2002-2010), a columnist at "The New York Times", and a reporter for the "New Republic" and "Bloomberg News".

Gross wrote the “Contrary Indicator” column at "Newsweek", the “Moneybox” column at "Slate", and the “Economic View” column at "The New York Times". He also has written cover stories for "New York" and the "New York Times Magazine", and has contributed to "Fortune", "Wired", the "Washington Post", and the "Boston Globe". He appears regularly on media outlets such as MSNBC, CNBC, CNN, and NPR.

Between 1998 and 2007, Gross served as the editor of "STERNBusiness", a semi-annual academic magazine on economics and management published by the New York University Stern School of Business. He was also a fellow at New America Foundation from 2001-2002.




A native of East Lansing, Michigan, Gross graduated from East Lansing High School (1985). He received his bachelor's degree in American history and government from Cornell University (1989), his master's degree in American history from Harvard University (1991), and an honorary PhD in humane letters from Lake Forest College.

He and his wife live in Westport, CT. The couple has 2 children.



</doc>
<doc id="2830958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2830958" title="Roy J. Glauber">
Roy J. Glauber

Roy Jay Glauber (September 1, 1925 – December 26, 2018) was an American theoretical physicist. He was the Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics at Harvard University and Adjunct Professor of Optical Sciences at the University of Arizona. Born in New York City, he was awarded one half of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics "for his contribution to the quantum theory of optical coherence", with the other half shared by John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hänsch. In this work, published in 1963, he created a model for photodetection and explained the fundamental characteristics of different types of light, such as laser light (see coherent state) and light from light bulbs (see blackbody). His theories are widely used in the field of quantum optics. 
In statistical physics he pioneered the study of the dynamics of first-order phase transitions, since he first defined and investigated the stochastic dynamics of a Ising model in a largely influential paper published in 1963. 
He served on the National Advisory Board of the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, the research arms of Council for a Livable World.

Glauber was born in 1925 in New York City, the son of Felicia (Fox) and Emanuel B. Glauber. He was a member of the 1941 graduating class of the Bronx High School of Science, the first graduating class from that school. He then went on to do his undergraduate work at Harvard University. After his sophomore year he was recruited to work on the Manhattan Project, where (at the age of 18) he was one of the youngest scientists at Los Alamos National Laboratory. His work involved calculating the critical mass for the atom bomb. After two years at Los Alamos, he returned to Harvard, receiving his bachelor's degree in 1946 and his PhD in 1949.

Glauber's recent research dealt with problems in a number of areas of quantum optics, a field which, broadly speaking, studies the quantum electrodynamical interactions of light and matter. He also continued work on several topics in high-energy collision theory, including the analysis of hadron collisions, and the statistical correlation of particles produced in high-energy reactions.

Specific topics of his research included: the quantum mechanical behavior of trapped wave packets; interactions of light with trapped ions; atom counting-the statistical properties of free atom beams and their measurement; algebraic methods for dealing with fermion statistics; coherence and correlations of bosonic atoms near the Bose–Einstein condensation; the theory of continuously monitored photon counting-and its reaction on quantum sources; the fundamental nature of "quantum jumps"; resonant transport of particles produced multiply in high-energy collisions; the multiple diffraction model of proton-proton and proton-antiproton scattering.

Glauber received many honors for his research, including the Albert A. Michelson Medal from the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia (1985), the Max Born Award from the Optical Society of America (1985), the Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics from the American Physical Society (1996), and the 2005 Nobel Prize in Physics. Professor Glauber was awarded the 'Medalla de Oro del CSIC' ('CSIC's Gold Medal') in a ceremony held in Madrid, Spain. He was elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Society (ForMemRS) in 1997.

For many years before winning his Nobel Prize, Glauber was familiar to audiences of the Ig Nobel Prize ceremonies, where he took a bow each year as "Keeper of the Broom," sweeping the stage clean of the paper airplanes that have traditionally been thrown during the event. He missed the 2005 event, though, as he was being awarded his real Nobel Prize for Physics.

Glauber lived in Arlington, Massachusetts.

Glauber was a guest scientist at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) in 1967, during a sabbatical.

Glauber had a son and a daughter, and five grandchildren. He died on December 26, 2018 in Newton, Massachusetts. His remains were laid to rest in Kensico Cemetery, Valhalla, NY.



</doc>
<doc id="2832562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2832562" title="Brooks Atkinson">
Brooks Atkinson

Justin Brooks Atkinson (November 28, 1894 – January 14, 1984) was an American theatre critic. He worked for "The New York Times" from 1922 to 1960. In his obituary, the "Times" called him "the theater's most influential reviewer of his time." Atkinson became a "Times" theater critic in the 1920s and his reviews became very influential. He insisted on leaving the drama desk during World War II to report on the war, he received the Pulitzer Prize in 1947 for his work as the Moscow correspondent for the "Times". He returned to the theater beat in the late 1940s, until his retirement in 1960.

Atkinson was born in Melrose, Massachusetts to Jonathan H. Atkinson, a salesman statistician and Garafelia Taylor. As a boy, he printed his own newspaper (using movable type), and planned a career in journalism. He attended Harvard University, where he began writing for the "Boston Herald." He graduated from Harvard in 1917, and worked at the "Springfield Daily News" and the "Boston Evening Transcript", where he was assistant to the drama critic. In 1922, he became the editor of the "New York Times Book Review", and in 1925 the drama critic. Atkinson married Oriana MacIlveen, a writer, in August 1926.

On the drama desk, Atkinson quickly became known for his commitment to new kinds of theater—he was one of the first critical admirers of Eugene O'Neill—for his interest in all kinds of drama, including off-Broadway productions. In 1928, he said of the new play "The Front Page", "No one who has ground his heels in the grime of a police headquarters press room will complain that this argot misrepresents the gentlemen of the press." In 1932 Atkinson dropped the J. from his bi-line and embraced the witty, direct writing style that became his hallmark.

His reviews were reputed to have the power to make or break a new stage production: for example, his panning in 1940 of Lawrence Riley's "Return Engagement" led to that comedy's closure after only eight performances, this despite the fact that Riley's previous comedy, "Personal Appearance", had lasted for over 500 performances on Broadway. Atkinson, who was dubbed "the conscience of the theater," was not comfortable with the influence he wielded over the Broadway box office.

After the bombing of Pearl Harbor in December 1941, Atkinson attempted to enlist in the Navy, but was refused. He requested a reassignment to war coverage, and "The New York Times" sent him to the front lines as a war correspondent in China, where he covered the second Sino-Japanese war until 1945. While in China, he visited Mao Tse-Tung in Yenan and was captivated by Mao, writing favorably on the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) movement, and against the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek, which he saw as reactionary and corrupt. After visiting Yenan, he wrote that the CCP political system was best described as an "agrarian or peasant democracy, or as a farm labor party." Atkinson viewed the Chinese Communist Party as Communist in name only and more democratic than totalitarian; the Times effusively titled his article "Yenan, a Chinese Wonderland City".

After the end of the war, Atkinson stayed only briefly in New York before being sent to Moscow as a press correspondent; his work as the Moscow correspondent for the Times earned him a Pulitzer Prize for Correspondence in 1947.

After returning from the Soviet Union, Atkinson was reassigned to the drama desk, where he remained until his retirement in 1960. He is given much credit for the growth of Off-Broadway into a major theatrical force in the 1950s, and has been cited by many influential people in the theatre as crucial to their careers. David Merrick's infamous spoof ad for "Subways Are For Sleeping"—in which he hired seven ordinary New Yorkers who had the same names as prominent drama critics to praise his musical—had to wait for Atkinson's retirement, because Merrick could not find anyone with the right name. There was only one Brooks Atkinson in New York City.

Atkinson was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1960. He came briefly out of retirement in 1965 to write a favorable review of "Man of La Mancha"; his review was printed on the first page of the show's original souvenir program. After his retirement, he became a member of The Players who organized a tribute dinner for Atkinson's 80th birthday which was attended by Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan, and other prominent actors and playwrights.

He died on January 14, 1984 at Crestwood Hospital in Huntsville, Alabama. Atkinson had moved to Huntsville from his farm in Durham, New York in 1981 to be closer to his family.


In 1960, the Mansfield Theatre in New York was renamed Brooks Atkinson Theatre in his honor.



</doc>
<doc id="2832784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2832784" title="William Ware">
William Ware

William Ware (1797–1852) was an American writer and minister.

Ware was born in Hingham, Massachusetts. He graduated from Harvard University in 1816, studied for the Unitarian ministry, and preached mainly in New York, and later in Massachusetts.

He achieved literary recognition chiefly from his authorship of two historical romances, "Zenobia, or the Fall of Palmyra" (first published as "Letters from Palmyra", 1836 and 1837) and "Aurelian" (first published as "Probus", 1838).

He contributed the "Life" of Nathaniel Bacon to Jared Sparks's "The Library of American Biography". His "Lectures on the works and genius of Washington Allston" appeared in print in 1852. His "Writings" were published in 1904.



</doc>
<doc id="2832906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2832906" title="Donald Akenson">
Donald Akenson

Donald Harman Akenson (born May 22, 1941, Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a historian and author. He is widely acknowledged as the world's foremost expert in the history of worldwide Irish migration. Notably prolific, he has written at least 23 book-length, scholarly monographs, 3 jointly-authored scholarly books, 6 works of fiction and historical fiction, and 55 scholarly articles. He is a fellow of both the Royal Society of Canada and the Royal Historical Society (UK). He is also a Molson Prize Laureate, awarded for a lifetime contribution to Canadian culture (other winners include Margaret Atwood, Marshall McLuhan, and Glenn Gould). He was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1984, and in 1992 he won the prestigious Grawemeyer Award, then the richest non-fiction book prize in the world. Akenson received his B.A. from Yale University and his doctorate from Harvard University. He is Distinguished University Professor and Douglas Professor of History at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, and was simultaneously Beamish Research Professor at the Institute of Irish Studies, University of Liverpool (2006–10), and senior editor of the McGill-Queen's University Press (1982-2012).

Originally trained in economics and statistics at Yale, Akenson's mentor in the study of Irish history was John V. Kelleher, the founder of the Department of Celtic Languages and Literature at Harvard. All together, Akenson has written twenty-four books on the subject of Ireland. Akenson's early works in Irish history focused on the religious history of Ireland, particularly the often ignored history of the Church of Ireland, and on the history of Irish education, with an emphasis on how educational practices either tended to heal or to further engender sectarian strife. Brian Titley wrote of Akenson's efforts in the chronicling of Irish education that "until it attracted the attention of D.H. Akenson, the writing of Irish educational history was moribund, amateurish and narrow in both scope and sympathy."

Akenson then moved more exclusively to the study of the Irish diaspora, and now, having written well over a dozen books on Irish history and Irish migration, is considered "the most distinguished scholar of the history of the Irish diaspora." He became known to many Irish-American scholars in 1984 and 1985 when in his "The Irish In Ontario" (1984) and "Being Had: Historians, Evidence, and the Irish in North America" (1985) he controversially called for (1) historians of Irish immigration in North America to make use of the better-documented Canadian data on Irish immigration and (2) historians to recognize that the long practice of ignoring Irish Protestant migration, particularly in the nineteenth century, was at best a foolish mistake and at worst a case of scholarly bigotry. Having called into question many, if not all, of the most-dearly clung to assumptions of traditional scholars of Irish immigration in America, an all-out scholarly war ensued, and Akenson was persuaded to make his case once again in 1996 with "The Irish Diaspora: A Primer". In this latter work, and indeed as in all of his books, Akenson pulls no punches.

Since the publication of "Being Had" in 1985, he has remained one of the most respected but controversial scholars of Irish migration. In 1990 the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada named "The Irish in Ontario" (1984) "one of the most important publications in social science in the past 50 years in Canada," and in 1994 he was named the winner of the Trillium Book Award for his biography of Irish writer and politician, Conor Cruise O'Brien, "Conor: The Biography of Conor Cruise O'Brien" (1994). Of his latest contribution to the history of Irish Migration, "Ireland, Sweden and the Great European Migration, 1815–1914" (2013), fellow Irish Diaspora historian Donald MacRaild wrote: "This monumental study clearly will have a huge impact in the field. Typically of Akenson, an original thinker of the first order, it debunks many myths, half-truths, and lazy assumptions on the part of historians. However, this isn't simply a book which debunks. It isn't a tract or a treatise. Its central contribution is in offering one of the best (perhaps the very best) comparative history of European emigration."

While mostly noted as a scholar of Irish migration, Akenson is also an award-winning scholar of religious history. His book "God’s Peoples: Covenant and Land in South Africa, Israel, and Ulster" was named the winner of the 1992 Grawemeyer Award for "ideas improving world order". At the time, the Grawemeyer Award was the richest non-fiction book prize in the world. Other notable winners include Mikhail Gorbachev and Aaron T. Beck (considered the father of cognitive therapy). "Library Journal" named "God’s Peoples" one of the best 30 books published in the US in all genres in 1992. His other works on religious history have also been highly praised. "Some Family: The Mormons and How Humanity Keeps Track of Itself" (2007) was a finalist for the British Columbia Achievement Prize for Best Canadian Non-fiction Book; "Saint Saul: A Skeleton Key to the Historical Jesus" (2000) was short-listed for the Canadian Writers’ Trust Prize; and "Surpassing Wonder: The Invention of the Bible and the Talmuds" (1998) was shortlisted for the Governor General's Awards for Non-fiction. A senior editor at McGill-Queen's University Press for thirty years, Akenson remains the editor of McGill-Queen's Studies in the History of Religion, series two, which includes more than seventy books by eminent scholars such as Jacob Neusner.

In addition to teaching and research, Akenson was senior editor of McGill-Queen's University Press from 1982 to 2012. He was editor or founding editor of two long-running series of histories published by McGill-Queen's University Press: (1) the McGill-Queen's Studies in the History of Religion, series two (dedicated to the memory of George A. Rawlyk); (2) McGill-Queen's Studies in Ethnic History; and independently (3) Canadian Papers in Rural History. He remains the editor of the McGill-Queen's Studies in the History of Religion series.


Academic degrees (honorary):





</doc>
<doc id="2833200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2833200" title="K. C. Nicolaou">
K. C. Nicolaou

Kyriacos Costa Nicolaou () is a Cypriot-American chemist known for his research in the area of natural products total synthesis. He is currently Harry C. and Olga K. Wiess Professor of Chemistry at Rice University, having previously held academic positions at The Scripps Research Institute/UC San Diego and the University of Pennsylvania.

K. C. Nicolaou was born on July 5, 1946, in Karavas, Cyprus where he grew up and went to school until the age of 18. In 1964, he went to England where he spent two years learning English and preparing to enter University. He studied chemistry at the University of London. (B.Sc., 1969, Bedford College; Ph.D. 1972, University College London, with Professors F. Sondheimer and P. J. Garratt). In 1972, he moved to the United States and, after postdoctoral appointments at Columbia University (1972–1973, Professor T. J. Katz) and Harvard University (1973–1976, Professor E. J. Corey), he joined the faculty at the University of Pennsylvania where he became the Rhodes-Thompson Professor of Chemistry. While at Penn, he won the prestigious Sloan Fellowship.

In 1989, he relocated to San Diego, where he took up a joint appointment at the University of California, San Diego, where he served as Professor of Chemistry, and The Scripps Research Institute, where he was Darlene Shiley Professor of Chemistry and Chairman of the Department of Chemistry. In 1996, he was appointed Aline W. and L.S. Skaggs Professor of Chemical Biology in The Skaggs Institute for Chemical Biology, The Scripps Research Institute. From 2005 to 2011, he directed Chemical Synthesis Laboratory @ ICES-A*STAR, Singapore. In 2013, Nicolaou moved to Rice University.

The Nicolaou group is active in the field of organic chemistry with research interests in methodology development and total synthesis. He is responsible for the synthesis of many complex molecules found in nature, such as Taxol and vancomycin. His group's route to Taxol, completed in 1994 at roughly the same time as a synthesis by the group of Robert A. Holton, attracted national news media attention due to Taxol's structural complexity and its potent anti-cancer activity.


He is also the co-author of three popular books on total synthesis: 

Additionally, he authored or co-authored several other books:

K. C. Nicolaou has received numerous awards and honors including:




</doc>
<doc id="2836040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2836040" title="Richard Askey">
Richard Askey

Richard Allen Askey (June 4, 1933 – October 9, 2019) was an American mathematician, known for his expertise in the area of special functions. The Askey–Wilson polynomials (introduced by him in 1984 together with James A. Wilson) are on the top level of the (formula_1-)Askey scheme, which organizes orthogonal polynomials of (formula_1-)hypergeometric type into a hierarchy. The Askey–Gasper inequality for Jacobi polynomials is essential in de Brange's famous proof of the Bieberbach conjecture.

Askey earned a B.A. at Washington University in 1955, an M.A. at Harvard University in 1956, and a Ph.D. at Princeton University in 1961. After working as an instructor at Washington University (1958–1961) and University of Chicago (1961–1963), he joined the faculty of the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1963 as an Assistant Professor of Mathematics. He became a full professor at Wisconsin in 1968, and since 2003 was a professor emeritus. Askey was a Guggenheim Fellow, 1969–1970, which academic year he spent at the "Mathematisch Centrum" in Amsterdam.
In 1983 he gave an invited lecture at the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) in Warsaw.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1993.
In 1999 he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
In 2009 he became a fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM).
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
In December 2012 he received an honorary doctorate from SASTRA University in Kumbakonam, India.

Askey explained why hypergeometric functions appear so frequently in mathematical applications: "Riemann showed that the requirement that a differential equation have regular singular points at three given points and every other complex point is a regular point is so strong a restriction that the differential equation is the hypergeometric equation with the three singularities moved to the three given points. Differential equations with four or more singular points only infrequently have a solution which can be given explicitly as a series whose coefficients are known, or have an explicit integral representation. This partly explains why the classical hypergeometric function arises in many settings that seem to have nothing to do with each other. The differential equation they satisfy is the most general one of its kind that has solutions with many nice properties".

Askey was also very much involved with commenting and writing on mathematical education at American schools. A well-known article by him on this topic is "Good Intentions are not Enough".




</doc>
<doc id="2837523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2837523" title="John Quinn (collector)">
John Quinn (collector)

John Quinn (April 14, 1870 in Tiffin, Ohio – July 28, 1924 in Fostoria, Ohio) was an Irish-American cognoscente of the art world; and a lawyer in New York City who fought to overturn censorship laws restricting modern literature and art from entering the United States. 

Quinn was an important patron of chief figures in Post-impressionism and literary Modernism; a major collector of modern art and original manuscripts; and the first to exhibit these works after winning legal battles against censorship and cultural isolation. In the 1920s he owned the largest single collection of modern European paintings in the world. He fought key legal battles that opened American culture to 20th century art movements, including his Congressional appeals to overturn the Payne–Aldrich Tariff Act. He was part of the group who staged the Armory Show, the first great exhibition of European and American modern art in the United States at the 69th Regiment Armory, New York, in 1913. Quinn gave practical advice and financial assistance to Ezra Pound and T.S.Eliot. In gratitude, Eliot sent Quinn the original manuscript of his poem "The Waste Land", including Pound's editorial suggestions.

Quinn was born in Tiffin, Ohio, to an Irish baker and grocer, James W. Quinn, and his wife, Mary. He grew up in nearby Fostoria, Ohio, where his parents relocated in 1871. His paternal grandparents James and Mary (née Madigan) Quinn, natives of County Limerick settled in Tiffin in 1851, where the grandfather was a blacksmith.

After graduating from the University of Michigan and Georgetown University Law School, followed by a degree in international relations from Harvard University, Quinn became a successful New York lawyer, getting involved in New York’s Tammany Hall politics, but when his candidate did not get the nomination at the 1912 Democratic National Convention he became disgusted with the whole system and became an art patron, art collector, and collector of manuscripts. His French adviser for Post-Impressionist art was Henri-Pierre Roche, who later wrote the novel "Jules et Jim". Quinn and Roche worked together to develop the famous 1913 Armory Show.

Quinn was a principal supporter and purchaser of manuscripts of novelist Joseph Conrad during his lifetime. He met Irish poet W. B. Yeats in 1902, and became a major supporter, helping him found the Abbey Theatre. .

According to author Richard Spence, Quinn was a supporter of the Irish nationalist cause and associated with figures such as John Devoy and Roger Casement, although he had reportedly worked for British Intelligence services before, during, and after World War I. In this role he acted as case officer for, among others, Aleister Crowley, who was an agent provocateur posing as an Irish nationalist in order to infiltrate anti-British groups of Irish and Germans in the United States.

In the early 1920s Quinn represented Margaret Anderson and Jane Heap for their publication in "The Little Review" of serial portions of James Joyce's "Ulysses", which the U.S. Post Office had found "obscene". Quinn was a friend of American poet Ezra Pound. Quinn gave financial assistance to Pound and T.S. Eliot, and helped Eliot to negotiate contracts with U.S. publishers. In gratitude, Eliot sent Quinn the original manuscript of "The Waste Land" in 1923, containing editorial suggestions by Pound and Vivienne Eliot written on the drafts.

"The Waste Land" manuscript was presumed lost for many years. It was re-discovered in 1968 in the Berg Collection of the New York Public Library, which had purchased some of Quinn's manuscripts in 1958. Re-discovery of "The Waste Land" manuscript was announced in conjunction with the publication of Benjamin Lawrence Reid's biography, "The Man from New York: John Quinn and His Friends" in 1968. 

In 1913 he convinced the United States Congress to overturn the 1909 Payne–Aldrich Tariff Act, which retained the duty on foreign works of art less than 20 years old, discouraging Americans from collecting modern European art. A huge and controversial event, the 1913 Armory Show (officially The International Exhibition of Modern Art) in New York City included examples of Symbolism, Impressionism, Post-Impressionism, Neo-Impressionism, and Cubism. Quinn opened the exhibition with the words:

In 1913 Quinn represented Margaret Kieley in a $2,000,000 legal contest over the Last Will and Testament of her husband Timothy J. Kieley's estate. Margaret prevailed because her husband's nephews and nieces could not produce vital witnesses and defaulted.

Quinn died at age 54 of intestinal cancer, and was buried by his family in Fostoria, Ohio. Leaving no heirs, he willed that his art collection be auctioned off and dispersed among museums and collectors around the world.

In 1927, an exhibition and sale of Quinn's art collection took place in New York City. The event included works by Henri Matisse, André Derain, Maurice de Vlaminck, Robert Delaunay, Jacques Villon, Albert Gleizes, Jean Metzinger, Gino Severini, Marie Laurencin, Constantin Brâncuși, and Raymond Duchamp-Villon, in addition to American artists Arthur B. Davies, Walt Kuhn, Marsden Hartley, Stanton MacDonald-Wright, and Max Weber. The sale was conducted by Otto Bernet and Hiram H. Parke at the American Art Galleries. A catalog was published for the occasion by the American Art Association.




</doc>
<doc id="2838077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2838077" title="Richard R. Schrock">
Richard R. Schrock

Richard Royce Schrock (born January 4, 1945) is an American chemist and Nobel laureate recognized for his contributions to the olefin metathesis reaction used in organic chemistry.

Born in Berne, Indiana, Schrock went to Mission Bay High School in San Diego, California. He holds a B.A. (1967) from the University of California, Riverside and a Ph. D. (1971) from Harvard University under the direction of John A. Osborn ().

Following his PhD, Schrock carried out postdoctoral research at the University of Cambridge with Jack Lewis. In 1972, he was hired by DuPont, where he worked at the Experimental Station in Wilmington, Delaware in the group of George Parshall. He joined the faculty of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and became full professor in 1980.

He has held his current post, the Frederick G. Keyes Professor of Chemistry, at MIT since 1989. Schrock is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, National Academy of Sciences and was elected to the Board of Overseers of Harvard University in 2007.

He is co-founder and member of the board of a Swiss-based company focused on the development and application of proprietary metathesis catalyst.

In 2018, Schrock joined the faculty of his alma mater, the University of California, Riverside. He cited his interest in mentoring junior faculty and students. “My experience as an undergraduate at UCR in research in the laboratory of James Pitts and the quality of the classes in chemistry prepared me for my Ph.D. experience at Harvard.  I look forward to returning to UCR for a few years to give back some of what it gave to me,” Schrock said.

Schrock currently sits on the board of directors for Xyleco

In 2005, Schrock received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, with Robert H. Grubbs and Yves Chauvin, for his work in the area of olefin metathesis, an organic synthesis technique. Schrock was the first to elucidate the structure and mechanism of so-called 'black box' olefin metathesis catalysts. Initial work at DuPont involved the synthesis of tantalum alkylidenes, alkylidenes being a crucial resting state in the catalytic cycle of olefin metathesis. His work at MIT has led to a detailed understanding of a group of molybdenum alkylidenes and alkylidynes which are active olefin and alkyne methathesis catalysts, respectively. Schrock has done much work to demonstrate that metallacyclobutanes are the key intermediate in olefin metathesis, with metallacyclobutadienes being the key intermediate in alkyne methathesis.

Many supporting ligands have been explored in efforts to better understand the nature of the single molecule catalysts, most notably 2,6-diisopropylphenylimido and adamantylimido, as well as various tert-butyl alkoxides with varying degrees of fluorination. The prototypical Schrock catalyst is (R"O)(R'N)Mo(CHR) where R = tert-butyl, R' = 2,6-diisopropylphenyl, and R" = C(Me)(CF). Such catalysts are now commercially available from such major suppliers as Sigma-Aldrich, and are used frequently in synthetic applications of olefin metathesis. Schrock's work is ongoing with goals of furthering the understanding of metathesis selectivity, developing new catalyst architectures, as well as projects outside of metathesis, such as elucidating the mechanism of dinitrogen fixation and developing single molecule catalysts which form ammonia from dinitrogen, mimicking the activity of nitrogenase enzymes in biology.
In addition to the Nobel Prize, Schrock has won numerous awards including:
Schrock married Nancy Carlson in 1971 and has two children, Andrew and Eric. Nancy Schrock was the Thomas F. Peterson, Jr. Conservator of Special Collections for the MIT Libraries from 2006 to 2013. The family lives in Winchester, Massachusetts.



</doc>
<doc id="2840582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840582" title="Walter Taylor (archaeologist)">
Walter Taylor (archaeologist)

Walter Willard Taylor, Jr. (1913–1997) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist most famous for his work at Coahuila in Mexico and his "Conjunctive archaeology", a method of studying the past combining elements of both the traditional archaeology of the period and the allied field of anthropology. This was exemplified by his work "A Study of Archeology".

Taylor was born in Chicago, but he grew up in Greenwich, Connecticut, and attended The Hotchkiss Schooll. Although studying geology, while at Yale University Taylor became interested in anthropology and archaeology. He graduated in 1935, and that summer began working for the Museum of Northern Arizona in Flagstaff, where he was influenced by the holistic environmental philosophy of Lyndon Hargrave.

After three years in the field, he enrolled for a Ph.D. in anthropology at Harvard in 1938. When World War II broke out, Taylor enlisted in the U.S. Marines, serving in Europe and being parachuted into enemy territory to assist local resistance groups. He was badly wounded by a grenade and captured in southern France in 1944 and was not released from a German prisoner-of-war camp until the end of the war in Europe. During his imprisonment, he began teaching anthropology to his fellow prisoners. He earned a Purple Heart and Bronze Star and remained a captain until 1955.

After the war Taylor moved around the United States until settling in Carbondale, Illinois, in 1958, where he began working at Southern Illinois University's Department of Anthropology.

He also taught at the University of Texas, the University of Washington, Mexico City College, and Mexico's National School of Anthropology and History. He carried out investigations at sites in Arizona, New Mexico, Georgia, Mexico, and Spain, before retiring in 1974.

Taylor saw archaeology as an integrated discipline, combining the study of diet, settlement patterns, tools and other elements to provide a holistic view of the past. His conjunctive approach attempted to determine cultural context by connecting the correlated patterns in the archaeological record to patterns of culture. This approach, along with his open and specific criticism of leading archaeologists of his day, caused dismay among many archaeologists at the time but is now a standard practice in the discipline. Taylor was one of the first to loudly decry the descriptive, historical approaches in the field. However, Patty Jo Watson said that Taylor's purpose "was not to generate ill will but rather to stimulate examination...of aims, goals and purposes by American archaeologists."

Taylor's work anticipated by many years the efforts of the "New Archaeologists" of the 1960s, and "A Study of Archeology" remains in print.



</doc>
<doc id="2840775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2840775" title="Michael Peskin">
Michael Peskin

Michael Edward Peskin (born October 27, 1951, Philadelphia) is an American theoretical physicist. He was an undergraduate at Harvard University and obtained his Ph.D. in 1978 at Cornell University studying under Kenneth Wilson. He was a Junior Fellow at the Harvard Society of Fellows from 1977–1980.

He is currently a professor in the theory group at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory. Peskin was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2000.

Peskin is known for a widely used textbook on quantum field theory, written with Daniel Schroeder and published in 1995, and the Peskin–Takeuchi parameter. He has authored many popular review articles. He is a noted advocate of building a future linear collider.




</doc>
<doc id="2843321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2843321" title="Sughra Imam">
Sughra Imam

Syeda Sughra Imam (Punjabi, ) is a Pakistani politician who was elected from the platform of the Pakistan Peoples Party. Between March 2009 and March 2015, she served as a senator from Punjab on a reserve seat for women.

Syeda Sughra Imam belongs to a political family. She is the daughter of two politicians, Syed Fakhar Imam and Syeda Abida Hussain, was born on November 14, 1972 in Lahore.

After graduation, she worked at the US based foreign policy think tank, the Council on Foreign Relations, New York City, and as a consultant to the United Nations Development Programme and other NGOs. She served as chairperson, Zila Council, Jhang during 1998-99, and has been elected as Member Provincial Assembly of the Punjab in General Elections 2002. She elected both times by joining the Pakistan Peoples Party.

She was appointed Minister for Social Welfare on 24 November 2003 and resigned on 18 June 2004. She belongs to a well known political family. Her maternal Grandfather Col. Syed Abid Hussain enjoyed the historic distinction of being elected as a Member of the Legislative/Constituent Assembly 1945 of undivided India. Col. Abid represented the Pakistan Muslim League in the parliament in Delhi under the leadership of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah. He also served as Federal Minister Communication & Works (1951–53) in Prime Minister Hussain Shaheed Suhrahwardy's Cabinet. Sughra's mother took on Col. Abid's mantle, becoming the first women in Pakistan's history to be elected chairperson of a district government, and the first women ever in Pakistan to be elected as a Member of National Assembly. Syeda Abida Hussain, Sughra's mother, remained Member of Punjab Assembly during 1972-77, Member of National Assembly 1985-88, 1988–90, 1997–99, and Pakistan's Ambassador in Washington, D.C. (1991–93). Sughra's father, Syed Fakhar Imam is currently Member National Assembly since 2018, also remained Member of National Assembly during 1985-88, 1990–93, and 1997–99; and served as Speaker of National Assembly during 1985-86. Fakhar Imam is remembered for resigning from his position as Federal Minister on a point of principle.



</doc>
<doc id="2847693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2847693" title="Ulysses S. Grant IV">
Ulysses S. Grant IV

Ulysses S. Grant IV (May 23, 1893 – March 11, 1977) was the son of Ulysses S. Grant, Jr. and the grandson of General of the Army and President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant and United States Senator Jerome B. Chaffee of Colorado. He was an American geologist and paleontologist known for his work on the fossil mollusks of the California Pacific Coast. He was born at his father's farm, Merryweather Farm, in Salem Center, Westchester County, New York. Shortly after his birth, the family moved to San Diego, California.

Grant studied geology at Harvard University, graduating cum laude in 1915. Following graduation he mined for gold in Mexico. During World War I, Grant enlisted in the United States Army as a private. By the end of the war, he was a second lieutenant. From 1919 to 1925 he was connected with the New York Stock Exchange. In 1926, he returned to school and took graduate courses at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1927 he entered the graduate program in paleontology at Stanford University. Grant received his doctorate in 1929.

After he received his doctorate, Grant worked at the Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County as the curator of invertebrate paleontology. Grant then taught paleontology at the University of California, Los Angeles beginning in 1931. He rose from instructor to chairman of the geology department, a post he held for eight years. He retired in 1959. Grant wrote several papers and often collaborated with Leo George Hertlein, his classmate at Stanford.

In 1953, Grant IV appeared on Groucho Marx's "You Bet Your Life", where the consolation question was usually "Who is buried in Grant's tomb?".

Grant died at St. John's Hospital in Santa Monica, California, from lung failure caused by leukemia. Grant is buried at Greenwood Memorial Park (San Diego) alongside his father.

His first wife was Matilda Bartikofsky. They were married in Spartanburg, South Carolina, on October 4, 1917, and later divorced. In 1950, he married Frances Dean, who was born circa 1911 in Kentucky and died December 8, 1991, in Honolulu, Hawaii. They had one child named George Grant.

Grant's cousin was Major General Ulysses S. Grant III, the son of Major General Frederick Dent Grant.




</doc>
<doc id="2848096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2848096" title="Nathaniel B. Baker">
Nathaniel B. Baker

Nathaniel Bradley Baker (September 29, 1818 – September 11, 1876) was an American politician and military leader who served as Governor of New Hampshire and Adjutant General of the Iowa Militia.

Nathaniel B. Baker was born in Henniker, New Hampshire, on September 29, 1818, and raised in West Concord. Nathaniel Baker graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1834 and Harvard University. He then studied law under Franklin Pierce, Asa Fowler and Charles H. Peaslee and passed the bar in 1842.

Baker was a co-owner of a Democratic newspaper, the "New Hampshire Patriot". Originally, a Democrat, he served as Clerk of the Merrimack County Court of Common Pleas in 1845. The following year he became Merrimack County Clerk.

Baker was also active in the New Hampshire Militia, serving as Quartermaster and later Adjutant of the 11th Regiment. He subsequently served as Aide-de-Camp to Governor John H. Steele with the rank of colonel.

In 1851, Baker assumed the position of Chief Fire Engineer for Concord's Fire Department. He also served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 1850 and 1851, and was elected Speaker of the House. In 1852 he was a Presidential Elector, and cast his ballot for Franklin Pierce and William R. King.

From 1854 to 1859 Baker was a trustee of Norwich University, and he received an honorary master of arts degree from Norwich in 1855.

In 1854 he was elected governor and served a single one-year term, June 6, 1854 to June 7, 1855. During his term the legislature failed to pass resolutions condemning the Missouri Compromise and the Kansas–Nebraska Act, evidence that New Hampshire was trending away from the Democratic Pierce and Baker and becoming increasingly antislavery. (In fact, after Baker left office, Republicans controlled the governorship for most of the next 100 years.) He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1855.

After Baker's term as governor, he moved to Clinton, Iowa, where he continued to practice law. He was elected to the Iowa House of Representatives in 1859 as a Democrat. His increasingly antislavery views later caused him to join the Republican Party.

Baker's work as chairman of the Iowa House's Military Affairs Committee at the start of the American Civil War led to his appointment as adjutant general of the Iowa Militia, and he served until his death. By now a resident of Des Moines, during the war he was praised for his efforts to recruit, equip and train soldiers for front line regiments, and to keep track of their service records, including enlistments, promotions, wounds, deaths, and discharges. In addition, at the end of the war, Baker was credited with acquiring from returning Iowa units captured Confederate regimental flags and other memorabilia, and arranging to have it preserved.

In 1874 Baker took part in an effort to combat a massive grasshopper infestation in Northwestern Iowa, exposing himself out of doors in harsh weather including sleet, snow and high winds. His health began to decline as a result, and Baker died in Des Moines on September 11, 1876. He was buried at Woodland Cemetery in Des Moines.



</doc>
<doc id="2853247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2853247" title="Arief Budiman">
Arief Budiman

Arief Budiman (born Soe Hok Djin; January 3, 1939) () is the older brother of Soe Hok Gie. He graduated from Kolese Kanisius, a Jesuit high school and then Universitas Indonesia where he earned a bachelor's degree in psychology in 1968. In 1980, he earned his Ph.D. in sociology from Harvard University, United States. He is a Chinese Indonesian sociologist and was a lecturer at the Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana, Salatiga, Indonesia until 1996. From 1997 until the time of this writing, he is a professor in Indonesian studies in University of Melbourne, Australia.

He is a vocal critic of Indonesian politics. For example, he is quoted in Adam Schwarz's book "A Nation in Waiting" (1994 edition) as having elucidated the following analysis of third world democracy in 1992, while Suharto was still in power:

"The first is what I would call loan democracy. This democracy exists when the state is very strong so it can afford to be criticised. A sort of democratic space then emerges in which people can express their opinions freely. However, when the state thinks the criticism has gone too far, it will simply take back the democracy that it has only lent. The people have no power to resist. There is, second, limited democracy. This democracy exists only when there is a conflict among the state elites ... People can criticise one faction of the 'powers that be' and be protected by the opposite faction ... However, when the conflict within the elite is over, this democratic space will probably disappear also."




</doc>
<doc id="2854928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2854928" title="Irving Zola">
Irving Zola

Irving Kenneth Zola (1935–1994) was an American activist and writer in medical sociology and disability rights.

Irving Kenneth Zola, born in 1935, was a native of Newton, Massachusetts. He came from a working class Jewish family. He graduated from Boston Latin School and went on to enroll at Harvard College in 1956, and four years later went on to receive his Ph.D. in Sociology from Harvard University Department of Social Relations.

He married Leonora Katz in 1957 but their marriage ended in a divorce after 16 years.

At the age of 16, Irving Zola was stricken by polio, which led to him using canes to assist him in walking. He also got into an automobile accident at the age of 19 which led to further health complications and increased disabilities. His personal disabilities led him to lead a career in championing the disabled, and he stated that "until we own our disability as an important part, though not necessarily all, of our identity, any attempt to create a meaningful pride, social movement or culture is doomed."

The cause of Zola's death was a heart attack; he died while being transported to the hospital on an ambulance on December 1, 1994.

He is survived by wife Judy Norsigian, son Warren Keith Zola, and daughters Amanda Beth Mosola and Kyra Zola Norsigian.

He was a founding member of the Society for Disability Studies, and the first editor of "Disability Studies Quarterly".

Soon after receiving his Ph.D. he briefly worked at Massachusetts General Hospital as a research sociologist before joining the Brandeis University Department of Sociology the next year in 1963, where he taught until his death. During his time at Brandeis University, he worked with Everett C. Hughes, an American sociologist, who had a great impact on Zola's sociological perspective.

During the thirty years that he spent in the department, Zola held the position of chairman three different times over a span of eleven years. For fifteen years, he held a joint appointment in the Florence Heller Graduate School for Advanced Studies in Social Welfare at Brandeis.

Zola was one of the co-founders of Boston Self Help Center, an organization that is focused on advocating and counseling people with diseases and disabilities. From 1982 to 1987, he also served on the center's board as executive director.

He also held the chairman position of the American Sociological Association medical sociology section, a consultant position of the World Health Organization, a member of President Clinton's transition team, and a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

His best-known book, which first came out in 1982, is "Missing Pieces: A Chronicle of Living With a Disability". It has been reissued in 2003.

The 'Dr. Irving Kenneth Zola Collection,' a repository of most of Zola's works, can be found at The Samuel Gridley Howe Library at Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts. Zola had taught at Brandeis since 1963.

His writings included an autobiography, "Missing Pieces: A Chronicle of Living with a Disability," published in 1982. He edited "Ordinary Lives: Voices of Disability and Disease," a 1982 anthology that was praised as a diverse collection of fictional and personal accounts.



</doc>
<doc id="2857916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857916" title="Harvey Mansfield">
Harvey Mansfield

Harvey Claflin Mansfield Jr. (born March 21, 1932) is an American political philosopher. He is the William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Government at Harvard University, where he has taught since 1962. He has held Guggenheim and NEH Fellowships and has been a Fellow at the National Humanities Center; he also received the National Humanities Medal in 2004 and delivered the Jefferson Lecture in 2007. He is a Carol G. Simon Senior Fellow at Stanford University's Hoover Institution. He is notable for his generally conservative stance on political issues in his writings.

Mansfield is the author and co-translator of studies of and/or by major political philosophers such as Aristotle, Edmund Burke, Niccolò Machiavelli, Alexis de Tocqueville, and Thomas Hobbes, of Constitutional government, and of "Manliness" (2006). In interviews Mansfield has acknowledged the work of Leo Strauss as the key modern influence on his own political philosophy.

Among his most notable former students include: Charles R. Kesler, Mark Blitz, Tom Cotton, Andrew Sullivan, Alan Keyes, William Kristol, Clifford Orwin, Paul Cantor, Delba Winthrop, Mark Lilla, Francis Fukuyama, Sharon Krause and Shen Tong.

Mansfield's father, Harvey Mansfield Sr., was the Ruggles Professor Emeritus of Public Law and Government at Columbia University at the time of his death in 1988 at the age of 83. Mansfield has been at Harvard since his own student days in 1949, having joined the faculty in 1962. He received his A.B. at Harvard in 1953, served in the United States Army in Virginia and France, and then received his Ph.D. from Harvard 1961. 

Mansfield was married to the late Delba Winthrop, with whom he co-translated and co-authored work on Tocqueville. Through his mother, Mansfield is a distant relative of the British actor Sam Claflin.

In his 2001 book "A Student's Guide to Political Philosophy", Mansfield traces the history of political philosophy in "the great books" written by Plato, Aristotle, Locke, Rousseau, and others of the "highest rank" (1). He also finds political philosophy in practical politics, which Mansfield considers necessarily partisan, because it involves citizens "arguing passionately pro and con with advocacy and denigration, accusation and defense" (2). He argues that politics does not merely consist of liberal and conservative options, but rather, they are fundamentally opposed to each other, with each side defending its own interest as it attempts to appeal to the common good (2). Since such adversarial sides in a political dispute appeal to the common good, an observer of the dispute can use his capacity to reason to judge which side supplies the most compelling arguments. If such an observer is competent to be a judge, he or she may be thought of as a political philosopher, or as at least on the way to engaging in political philosophy (2–3).

Mansfield stresses the connection between politics and political philosophy, but he does not find political philosophy in political science, which for Mansfield is a rival to political philosophy and "apes" the natural sciences (3–5). From Mansfield's point of view, political science replaces words like "good", "just", and "noble" with other words like "utility" or "preferences." The terms are meant to be neutral, but as a result of the political scientist's purported change of role and perspective from judge to so‑called "disinterested observer", such a "scientist" is not able to determine whose arguments are the best, because he or she falls victim to relativism, which, according to Mansfield, is "a sort of lazy dogmatism" (4–5).

In his guide, Mansfield reminds students that political science rebelled from political philosophy in the seventeenth century and declared itself distinct and separate in the positivist movement of the late nineteenth century: thus, he argues in it that whereas "Today political science is often said to be 'descriptive' or 'empirical,' concerned with facts; political philosophy is called 'normative' because it expresses values. But these terms merely repeat in more abstract form the difference between political science, which seeks agreement, and political philosophy, which seeks the best" (6).

Furthermore, according to Mansfield, when people talk about the difference between political philosophy and political science, they are actually talking about two distinct kinds of political philosophy, one modern and the other ancient. The only way to understand modern political science and its ancient alternative fully, he stresses, is to enter the history of political philosophy, and to study the tradition handed down over the centuries: "No one can count himself educated who does not have some acquaintance with this tradition. It informs you of the leading possibilities of human life, and by giving you a sense of what has been tried and what is now dominant, it tells you "where we are now" in a depth not available from any other source" (7–8). Although modern political science feels no obligation to look at its roots, and might even denigrate the subject as if it could not be of any real significance, he says, "our reasoning shows that the history of political philosophy is required for understanding its substance" (7–8).

In response to multiculturalism on college campuses, Mansfield has defended the importance of preserving and teaching courses on Western civilization, even proposing a survey course that selects a dozen or so books that capture the principal themes. Mansfield believes that understanding Western civilization is important because the books that explain it deal with problems associated with the human condition.
Mansfield has argued that the President of the United States has "extra-legal powers such as commanding the military, making treaties (and carrying on foreign policy), and pardoning the convicted, not to mention a veto of legislation", observing that the U.S. Constitution does not ask the President to take an oath to execute the laws, but rather, to execute "the "office" of the president, which is larger." Referring to domestic surveillance, Mansfield notes, "those arguing that the executive should be subject to checks and balances are wrong to say or imply that the president may be checked in the sense of stopped. The president can be held accountable and made responsible, but if he could be stopped, the Constitution would lack any sure means of emergency action. He defends the separation of powers, arguing that "the executive subordinated to the rule of law is in danger of being subordinate to the legislature."

In his book "Taming the Prince", Mansfield traces the modern doctrine of executive power to Niccolò Machiavelli. He argues that executive power had to be tamed to become compatible with liberal constitutionalism.
In his 2006 book "Manliness", Mansfield defended a moderately conservative understanding of gender roles, and bemoaned the loss of the virtue of manliness in a "gender neutral" society. In a "New York Times" interview, he defined the concept briefly as "confidence in a situation of risk. A manly man has to know what he is doing." He defines the idea in more concrete terms in the book. There, a manly man does not have to know what he is doing, but only has to act as though he does. Also in the book, Mansfield subjects the concept of manliness to a test in which he refers for support of his argument to such diverse authorities as Homer, Plato, Aristotle, Rudyard Kipling, Ernest Hemingway, and Naomi Wood. In his argument, manliness is ultimately related to assertiveness—"decisiveness without complete knowledge"—and its place in society is debated. In an interview with Bill Kristol, Mansfield said, "What I wrote was a modest defense of manliness. And the emphasis [is] on modest because manliness can be bad as well as good. Not everyone who takes risks deserves to have them turn out right and so manliness is, I think, responsible for a lot of evil. You can say that terrorists are manly, they’re willing to risk their lives and give their lives for a principle they believe in or a point they believe in."

"Manliness" was criticized by Martha Nussbaum in the June 22, 2006, issue of "The New Republic." Nussbaum accuses Mansfield of misreading, or refusing to read, many feminist and nonfeminist texts. She argues that his book is based on overt misogynistic assumptions that take a position of indifference towards violence against women. Mansfield asserts, she contends, that a woman can resist rape only with the aid of "a certain ladylike modesty enabling her to take offense at unwanted encroachment".

Concerning controversial comments by former President of Harvard, Lawrence Summers, about mental differences between men and women, Mansfield said that it is "probably true" that women "innately have less capacity than men at the highest level of science...It's common sense if you just look at who the top scientists are".

In 1993, Mansfield testified on behalf of Colorado's Amendment 2, which amended the state constitution to prevent gays, lesbians and bisexuals from pursuing legal claims of discrimination. In his testimony, he argued that being gay "is not a life that makes for happiness," that homosexuality is "shameful," and that by not being able to have children gay people were not "socially responsible." Nussbaum, who testified in the same trial against Amendment 2, later remarked that Mansfield's source for his claim that gay and lesbian people were unhappy was not contemporary social science research but the great books of the Western tradition (Plato, Tocqueville, Rousseau, etc.).

Mansfield has voiced criticism of grade inflation at Harvard University, which he claims is due in part to affirmative action. Mansfield also participated in a debate on affirmative action between Cornel West and Michael Sandel (arguing for affirmative action) with Ruth Wisse and himself (arguing against affirmative action). The debate attracted a "massive audience" of a thousand Harvard students, requiring its campus venue to be changed twice before it could take place on November 3, 1997, in Harvard's Sanders Theater, prompting Professor Sandel to comment, "'This puts to rest the myth that this generation has a political apathy, and apathy to political debates.'" In 2013, Mansfield, after hearing from a dean that "the most frequent grade is an A", claimed to give students two grades: one for their transcript, and the one he thinks they deserve. He commented, "I didn’t want my students to be punished by being the only ones to suffer for getting an accurate grade".

In response to grade inflation, according to "Harvard Crimson" reporters Lulu Zhou and Rebecca D. O'Brien, Mansfield revived the "ironic" (or the "inflated") grade in 2006, in order to let his students know what they really deserved in his class without causing them harm by grading them lower than the other professors at Harvard: "In Mansfield’s 'true and serious' grading system, 5 percent of students will receive A’s, and 15 percent will receive A-minuses. But Mansfield won’t share those marks with anyone other than his teaching fellows and students. ... By contrast, Mansfield’s 'ironic' grade—the only one that will appear on official transcripts—will follow average grade distribution in the College, with about a quarter of students receiving A’s and another quarter receiving A-minu[s]es"; in contrast, their privately received deserved "real" (lower) grades usually centered around a C or C-minus, earning him the nickname "Harvey C-minus Mansfield." "This [grading] policy—meant to demonstrate the causes and effects of grade inflation—drew heat from students and faculty, and attracted national media attention." Mansfield himself has joked that his middle initial "C." stands for compassion: "That's what I lack when it comes to grading." In an interview with the Hoover Institution, Mansfield claimed that college professors are too quick to label students as exceptional.
On May 8, 2007, Mansfield delivered the 36th Jefferson Lecture ("the highest honor the federal government bestows for distinguished intellectual and public achievement in the humanities", according to the National Endowment for the Humanities, which sponsored the lecture). In his lecture, Mansfield suggests "two improvements for today’s understanding of politics arising from the humanities ... first ... to recapture the notion of thumos in Plato, and Aristotle... [and] ...second ... the use of names—proper to literature and foreign to science".

This is a reference to his own philosophy, which forbids discounting the wisdom of the past simply because those who spoke it lived a long time ago.







</doc>
<doc id="2857932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2857932" title="Roy Price">
Roy Price

Roy Price (born 1967 in Los Angeles, California, USA.) is a former American entertainment executive and the former president of Amazon.com's media development division, Amazon Studios. As of 2017 he runs an art consultancy firm in Hong Kong. 

Price has been described as being from "Hollywood royalty." His mother, Katherine Crawford, was an actress known for "Riding with Death" (1976), "A Walk in the Spring Rain" (1970) and "Gemini Man" (1976). His father, Frank Price, held a number of Hollywood executive positions including head of Universal TV in the 1970s; President, and later Chairman and CEO, of Columbia Pictures; and president of Universal Pictures. His maternal grandfather, Roy Huggins, created and produced TV shows like "The Fugitive", "The Rockford Files" and "Maverick".

Price graduated from Phillips Academy Andover and Harvard University, and later attended USC Gould School of Law.

From 1989–1990 Price worked as a film set assistant, specifically, "third assistant camera" during the Fiji shooting of "Return to the Blue Lagoon" (1991). From 1990–1992, Price worked as a financial analyst at Allen & Company.

From 1993–2000, Price was the Vice President of Creative Affairs for Disney TV Animation. Price developed or supervised TV series including "Recess" (1997), "Pepper Ann" (1997), "Hercules" (1998), "Timon & Pumbaa" (1995), "Buzz Lightyear of Star Command" (2000), "The Weekenders" (2000), and Emmy and BAFTA winner "Teacher's Pet" (2000). Also, several animated films and direct to videos including "" (2001), "Tarzan & Jane" and "Mickey's House of Villains".

After his time with Disney, Price worked as a consultant for McKinsey from 2000–2002, a global management consulting firm that serves a broad mix of private, public and social sector institutions.

From 2003 to 2004, Price operated out of Price Entertainment (his father's studio established in the late 80s) and acted as a business consultant to media companies.

From 2004 to 2009, Price worked as a Group Product manager, director, and Amazon Video on Demand. He launched Amazon Video in 2008 and Amazon Studios in 2010. From 2009–2014, Price also worked as Director of Amazon Video on Demand. From 2014–2017, Price was head of Amazon Studios, and VP for Prime Video. On October 17, 2017, he resigned his position at Amazon in the wake of allegations of sexual misconduct. About a month after leaving Amazon, Price moved permanently to Hong Kong where he founded an art management and consulting firm called International Art Machine, in November 2017.

Price's career was described as "irreverent, puckish and infinitely bolder than most Hollywood execs".

In the aftermath of revelations about sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein and the #MeToo movement, Amazon producer Isa Dick Hackett of "The Man in the High Castle" and "Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams" reported through "The Hollywood Reporter" on October 12, 2017 that Roy Price, the programming chief at Amazon, had sexually harassed her at the 2015 San Diego Comic-Con. Hackett stated that Price aggressively asked her for sex in a taxi, which was the first time they'd met, repeatedly telling her "You will love my dick" even though Hackett assertively told him she was not interested, was a lesbian, and had a wife and children. Michael Paull, a top executive at Amazon, was in the taxi with them at the time. Later that night, Price yelled "Anal sex!" into Hackett's ear while she was in a conversation with other Amazon executives. Hackett also alleged that Price had failed to take action when another actress, Rose McGowan told him she was sexually assaulted by producer Harvey Weinstein. "The Information" had previously published, on August 25, a report revealing that Amazon had investigated a sexual harassment complaint from Hackett. After "The Hollywood Reporter"'s publication of Hackett's accusations, Amazon indefinitely suspended Price from the company.

On October 16, 2017, Price's fiancée, Lila Feinberg, announced that she was calling off their wedding. Her dress was designed by Georgina Chapman, the wife of Harvey Weinstein, who has similarly been involved in sexual harassment claims.


</doc>
<doc id="2860251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860251" title="Richard Milton Martin">
Richard Milton Martin

Richard Milton Martin (1916, Cleveland, Ohio – 22 November 1985, Milton, Massachusetts) was an American logician and analytic philosopher. In his Ph.D. thesis written under Frederic Fitch, Martin discovered virtual sets a bit before Quine, and was possibly the first non-Pole other than Joseph Henry Woodger to employ a mereological system. Building on these and other devices, Martin forged a first-order theory capable of expressing its own syntax as well as some semantics and pragmatics (via an event logic), all while abstaining from set and model theory (consistent with his nominalist principles), and from intensional notions such as modality.

Martin was educated as follows:
Martin studied under Alfred North Whitehead, then in his last year at Harvard, and may have studied under Ernest Nagel at Columbia.

During World War II, Martin taught mathematics at Princeton University, then at the University of Chicago. After the war, he taught philosophy at Bryn Mawr College 1946–48, the University of Pennsylvania (Penn) 1948–59, the University of Texas 1959–63, New York University 1963–73, Northwestern 1973–76 (full-time) and 1976–85 (one course per year). Martin also held visiting appointments at Bonn, Yale, Hamburg, the New School, and Temple.

In 1976, Martin largely retired from teaching, becoming a research associate with Boston University’s Center for the History and Philosophy of Science. He made excellent use of the resulting leisure, so that his final decade of life was by far his most productive, publishing over 100 book chapters and journal articles. In 1979, he published the definitive treatment of his logic / first-order theory, Part A of "Semiotics", and edited a volume of Carolyn Eisele’s writings on Charles Sanders Peirce. He helped edit the Festschrift books for Fitch and J. N. Findlay, respectively, published in 1975 and 1985.

At the time of his death, Martin served on the editorial board of eight journals and on the advisory board of the Peirce Edition Project. In 1981, he became president of the Charles S. Peirce Society. In 1984, he was elected president of the Metaphysical Society of America.

Despite having held tenure track appointments from 1948 until his death, the only Ph.D. thesis known to have been completed under Martin’s supervision is that of James Scoggin. Otherwise, Martin’s legacy is coextensive with his published writings.

"…one of the most many-sided, prolific, and scholarly of analytic philosophers."

Martin was part of the first wave of American analytic philosophers; arguably, only Quine (1908–2000), Fitch (1909–1987), and Henry Leonard (1905–67) preceded him. His chronological elders Nelson Goodman (1906–1998) and Wilfrid Sellars (1912–89) were arguably his contemporaries, as they all began their careers in earnest at about the same time, namely right after World War II. Martin's formal treatment of syntax followed Alfred Tarski; of semantics, Rudolf Carnap. Martin was generally well-disposed towards Carnap's work, contributed a long paper to the Schilpp volume on Carnap, and was seen as a disciple. Paradoxically, Martin was a positivist and radical nominalist who also sympathized with process theology and orthodox Christianity.

Between 1943 and 1992, Martin published 16 books and about 240 papers (of which 179 were included in his books) on an extraordinary range of subjects, including aesthetics, logic, the foundation of mathematics, metaphysics, syntax/semantics/pragmatics, the philosophy of science, phenomenology, process philosophy, theology, Frege, and Charles Sanders Peirce. Martin preached and practiced that philosophy should be done formally, by employing first-order logic, the theory of virtual sets and relations, and a multiplicity of predicates, all culminating in an event logic. Starting with the papers reprinted in his 1969 "Belief", Martin argued that the Frege's "Art des Gegebensein" was crucial to his thinking. Just what this "Art" entailed remains to be elucidated.

Martin was especially fond of applying his first-order theory to the analysis of ordinary language, a method he termed "logico-linguistics". He often referenced the work of the linguists Zellig Harris (admiringly) and Henry Hiz (more critically); Martin, Harris, and Hiz all taught at Penn in the 1950s. Yet Martin was dismissive of the related theoretical work by Noam Chomsky and his MIT colleagues and students. Ironically, Martin appears to have been Chomsky's main teacher of logic; while a student at Penn, Chomsky took every course Martin taught.

Quine's "Word and Object" cites Martin with approval, but Martin's wider impact has not been commensurate with the breadth and depth of his writings; the secondary literature on Martin consists of little more than reviews of his books.

“Over the portals of the entrance to contemporary philosophy is writ: Enter here fully equipped with the tools of the new logic.” "Intension", p. 153.

“God made first-order logic and all the rest is the handiwork of man.” "Semiotics", p. xv.

The first four titles below and Part A of "Semiotics" are monographs. The other titles are fairly loose collections of papers, most first published in journals.





</doc>
<doc id="2860295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2860295" title="Viktor Kožený">
Viktor Kožený

Viktor Kožený (born 28 June 1963 in Prague) is a Czech-born fugitive financier. According to Bloomberg News, he graduated from Harvard in 1989 with a bachelor's degree in economics. However, he can not be located in the Harvard Alumni directory as of 2015. Viktor Kožený is an Irish citizen imprisoned in the Bahamas in 2005 but released in 2007. He currently lives in a gated community in the Bahamas. Efforts to bring him to justice stem from both the Czech Republic and the USA. An international warrant has been issued for Kožený, who in the early 1990s ran one of the great scams of the post-Communist era. By the media he is often called "the pirate of Prague".

He was imprisoned after a US extradition request but that was refused by Bahamian authorities in October 2007.

In February 2008 a court case against him and his partner Boris Vostrý started at Prague Municipal Court. Kožený has remained in the Bahamas and has not been attending the trial. He asked the prosecution to publish the charges on the Internet, which the state prosecutor has refused to do. His defense counsel later published the indictment upon order from Kozeny.

In 2010 Kozeny was convicted of fraud by a Czech court and sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and ordered to pay damages equal to hundreds of millions USD. In 2012, the judgment was reaffirmed by the High court in Prague with minor changes. An enforcement action based on this judgement has been lodged by the fraud victim in New York, targeting assets frozen by US authorities. The defendant in the case is a company owned beneficially by Kozeny's mother, Jitka Chvatik. Assets of the company have been refrozen by the court after the company lost an appeal in 2014. The case is still pending.

As of January 2019, Kozeny is still internationally wanted by the Czech and US criminal justice. He is effectively confined to The Bahamas, holding his Irish passport.

During the voucher privatization Czech state assets were supposed to be handed over to Czech citizens through a system of vouchers, which could then be used to buy shares in companies. However mutual funds were founded, most successfully the one started by Kožený, Harvard Capital and Consulting (which has no affiliation with Harvard University).

Soon thousands of Czechs were signing over their voucher books to "Harvard", who promised a 1000% rate of return on investment. Harvard Funds bought shares in a number of companies, stripped assets and transferred the money abroad to offshore tax havens like the Bahamas. This scam turned out to be a huge success for Kožený and those working with him, who allegedly stole millions of dollars from investors in his funds.

In 1994, Kožený wanted to conduct a similar transaction in Azerbaijan. The country was considering privatizing its state run oil company, and Kožený offered his services. US investors handed their money to him, over $400 million in total from clients such as AIG and Columbia University. The Azerbaijan government changed its mind on privatization, but Kožený did not return the money and instead ran to tax haven Bahamas. Viktor Kožený in an exclusive interview with Mirza Khazar of the RFE/RL Azerbaijani Service on 17 July 2001 urged Azerbaijani President Heidar Aliev to fulfill his promises made in 1997–1998 concerning the privatization program in his country. According to Kožený, President Aliev and his son, Ilham, personally met with him and other members of Kožený's investors group in Baku and encouraged them to buy vouchers from citizens. Shortly after the first part of the interview with Viktor Kožený was aired, the newspaper "Alternativ," with close ties to the Azerbaijan President's Office, reacted promptly, claiming that President Aliev or his son Ilham never met with Kožený. The paper admitted Kožený may have been tricked by some officials, but rejected his claim that President Aliev made any commitments to his group. Kožený faces a serious legal action by famed Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, who has filed an indictment in New York for his bribery of Azeri officials.

His trial for the scam began on 1 June 2010.

The Bahamian authorities later refused to turn Kozeny over to the US authorities upon a 2012 ruling of the Privy Council which stated the offense was not an extraditable one.




</doc>
<doc id="2864709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2864709" title="Stephen Shenker">
Stephen Shenker

Stephen Hart Shenker (born 1953) is an American theoretical physicist who works on string theory. He is a professor at Stanford University and former director of the Stanford Institute for Theoretical Physics. His brother Scott Shenker is a computer scientist.

Shenker's contributions to physics include:



</doc>
<doc id="2865440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2865440" title="Stuart Chase">
Stuart Chase

Stuart Chase (March 8, 1888 – November 16, 1985) was an American economist, social theorist, and writer. His writings covered topics as diverse as general semantics and physical economy. His thought was shaped by Henry George, by economic philosopher Thorstein Veblen, by Fabian socialism, and by the Communist social and educational experiments being in the Soviet Union around 1930.

Chase spent his early political career supporting "a wide range of reform causes: the single tax, women's suffrage, birth control and socialism." Chase's early books, "The Tragedy of Waste" (1925) and "Your Money's Worth" (1928), were notable for their criticism of corporate advertising and their advocacy of consumer protection.

Chase was born in Somersworth, New Hampshire, to public accountant Harvey Stuart Chase and Aaronette Rowe. His family had been living in New England since the 17th century. He attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology from 1907 to 1908 and graduated from Harvard University in 1910 as a public accountant. After graduating, Chase became part of his father's accounting firm in Boston.

Chase married Margaret Hatfield in 1914 and had two children, Sonia and Robert. He and Margaret were divorced in 1929, and one year later, he married Marian Tyler, a violinist and staff member at "The Nation" who collaborated with him on several of his books; she survived him by three and a half years.

In 1917, Chase left accounting and took a position with the Food Administration of the Federal Trade Commission in Washington, D.C.. In the commission, Chase conducted investigations on waste and corruption, one of them being the meatpacking industry with Upton Sinclair.

In 1921, Chase joined, along with economic philosopher Veblen, the Technical Alliance, which later became Technocracy Incorporated, part of the Technocracy movement.

In 1927, Chase wrote "Your Money's Worth", discussing advertisements that promise but fail to deliver products as advertised to customers who order them.
In 1927, Chase traveled to the Soviet Union with members of the First American Trade Union Delegation and was the co-author of a book that praised Soviet experiments in agricultural and social management.
In 1932, Chase wrote "A New Deal", which became identified with the economic programs of American President Franklin Roosevelt, a phrase that he and Fabian socialist Florence Kelley gave to Roosevelt, which he used in his first presidential campaign agenda. He also wrote a cover story in "The New Republic", "A New Deal for America," during the week that Roosevelt gave his 1932 presidential acceptance speech promising "a new deal. However, whether Roosevelt speechwriter Samuel Rosenman saw the magazine is not clear.

Chase's 1938 book "The Tyranny of Words" was an early (perhaps the earliest, predating S. I. Hayakawa) and influential popularization of Alfred Korzybski's theory of general semantics.

Chase supported United States non-interventionism and was against U.S. entry in World War II, advocating this position in his 1939 book "The New Western Front". After the war, Chase became involved in social science. In 1948, he published "The Proper Study of Mankind" in which he introduced the social sciences to several college campuses.

In a 1952 article, "Nineteen Propositions About Communism," Chase criticized the government of the Soviet Union, stating that its citizens, trade unions and farmers "had no power" despite the claims of Communist supporters. Chase also dismissed the Communist Party USA as "our minuscule menace" whose members consisted of "a high proportion of frustrated neurotics and plain crackpots as well as some high minded-idealists — a tragic group, this last."

Chase also quoted Herbert Philbrick to the effect that "the McCarthyites and demagogues... make the work of the FBI more difficult by confusing the innocent with the guilty."

In the 1960s, Chase lent his support to the Lyndon Johnson administration's Great Society policies.

Chase died in Redding, Connecticut.

Chase is famous for the rhetorical question at the end of his book "A New Deal", "Why should the Soviets have all the fun remaking a world?" That was a reference to the "socialist experiment" in the Soviet Union.

He is quoted in Hayakawa's "Language in Thought and Action" as having said, "Common sense is that which tells us the world is flat."

On pages 95 and 96 of "The Road We Are Traveling", under the heading of "Free Enterprise into 'X'", Chase listed 18 characteristics of political economy that he had observed among Russia, Germany, Italy, Japan, and Spain between 1913 and 1942. Chase labeled this phenomenon "... something called 'X'". Characteristics include the following:




George Orwell mentioned Chase in his 1946 essay "Politics and the English Language". While discussing using language to express thought, Orwell mentions the claim held by Chase and others that abstract words are meaningless, and their use of this claim as a pretext for advocating a kind of political quietism. He adds, “One need not swallow such absurdities as this, but one ought to recognise that the present political chaos is connected with the decay of language, and that one can probably bring about some improvement by starting at the verbal end. If you simplify your English, you are freed from the worst follies of orthodoxy. You cannot speak any of the necessary dialects, and when you make a stupid remark its stupidity will be obvious, even to yourself.”
In 1969 President Richard Nixon cited Chase's work in a message to Congress about consumer protection.




</doc>
<doc id="2880109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2880109" title="Eliot Porter">
Eliot Porter

Eliot Furness Porter (December 6, 1901 – November 2, 1990) was an American photographer best known for his intimate color photographs of nature. 

Porter credited his father, James Porter, with instilling in him a love for nature as well as a commitment to scientific rigor. An amateur photographer since childhood, Eliot Porter found early inspiration photographing the birds on Maine's Great Spruce Head Island owned by his family. Porter earned degrees in chemical engineering (A. B. 1924, Harvard College) and medicine (M.D. 1929, Harvard University), and worked as a biochemical researcher at Harvard. One of Eliot Porter's five siblings was the painter and art critic Fairfield Porter.

Fairfield Porter introduced his older brother to photographer and gallerist Alfred Stieglitz in about 1930. Stieglitz, after seeing Porter's work, encouraged Porter to work harder. Finally, in 1938, Stieglitz presented Porter's work, taken with a Linhof view camera, in his New York City gallery, "An American Place". The exhibit's success prompted Porter to pursue photography full-time.

Porter became interested in color photography after a publisher rejected a proposal for a book on birds because black and white images wouldn't clearly differentiate the species. Porter began working with a new color film, Kodachrome, introduced in 1935, but it presented considerable technical challenges, especially for capturing fast-moving birds. Drawing on his chemical engineering and research background Porter experimented extensively until he was able to produce satisfactory images. His bird photographs were exhibited in 1943, the first ever exhibition of color photographs at the Museum of Modern Art, New York. His book "American Birds: 10 Photographs in Color" was published in 1953. His solo exhibition at Limelight Gallery, NYC., March 21-April 17 1955 was effectively a retrospective of this work.

For twenty years, Porter pursued a project to publish nature photographs combined with quotes from works by Henry David Thoreau. Not until an associate introduced him to the executive director of the Sierra Club did Porter find a willing publisher. His 1962 book, "In Wildness Is the Preservation of the World" featured Porter's color nature studies of the New England woods. The book enjoyed considerable success despite its high price, pioneered the genre of the nature photography coffee-table book, and lead to several other titles by Porter in a similar format published by the Sierra Club and others. It increased Porter's reputation greatly, and he served as a director of the Sierra Club from 1965 to 1971. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1971. In 1979 the work of Eliot Porter was exhibited in Intimate Landscapes, the first one-person show of color photography at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. This exhibition earned Porter praise as the individual who brought credibility to color photography as a medium of fine art. The image selection defined what is now meant by the term “intimate landscape”: the close-range, quiet compositions of natural elements with muted colors and dense textures, meditative and dense with layered meanings, which were the hallmark of Porter's work at the exclusion of more expansive and spectacular landscapes.

Porter traveled extensively to photograph ecologically important and culturally significant places. He published books of photographs from Glen Canyon in Utah, Maine, Baja California, Galápagos Islands, Antarctica, East Africa, and Iceland. His cultural studies included Mexico, Egypt, China, Czechoslovakia, and ancient Greek sites. His book on Glen Canyon, "The Place No One Knew", memorialized the canyon's appearance before its inundation by the Lake Powell reservoir.

James Gleick’s book "" (1987) caused Porter to reexamine his work in the context of chaos theory. They collaborated on a project published in 1990 as "Nature's Chaos," which combined his photographs with a new essay by Gleick. Porter died in Santa Fe, New Mexico in 1990 and bequeathed his personal archive to the Amon Carter Museum of American Art in Fort Worth, Texas.

Eliot Porter's brother, Fairfield Porter, was a realist painter and art critic. His brother-in-law, Michael W. Straus, was a commissioner of the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Eliot was married to Marian Brown from 1927 until their divorce in 1934. He married Aline Kilham in 1936 and the two moved to Santa Fe, New Mexico together, living in Tesuque, New Mexico from 1946.





</doc>
<doc id="2885245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2885245" title="Laura Rockefeller Chasin">
Laura Rockefeller Chasin

Laura Spelman Rockefeller (October 11, 1936 – November 17, 2015) was an American philanthropist. She was the eldest child of Laurance Spelman Rockefeller (1910–2004) and Mary French (1910–1997), and a fourth generation member of the Rockefeller family. She has two younger sisters, Marion, Lucy Aldrich Rockefeller, and a younger brother, Laurance Spelman Rockefeller Jr.. Her patrilineal great-grandfather was Standard Oil's co-founder John D. Rockefeller and her matrilineal great-grandfather was Frederick H. Billings, a president of Northern Pacific Railway. Both of her grandmothers, Mary Billings French and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, were important to the early development of YWCA USA. Chasin is known as the founder, former executive director, and former board member of the Public Conversations Project in Watertown, Massachusetts.

Chasin was raised in New York City. She graduated from the Brearley School in Manhattan and Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut. She received a B.A. magna cum laude in Art History from Bryn Mawr College, an M.A. in Government from Harvard University, and an M.S.W. from Simmons College (Massachusetts) School of Social Work. She was trained in couple and family therapy and psychodrama.

In 1956, she married James H. Case, with whom she had three children and whom she later divorced. In 1971, she married psychiatrist Richard Chasin, who had three children from prior marriages. A leader in family therapy, he was president of the American Family Therapy Academy and an Associate Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. He served for 12 years as president of the Rockefeller Family Fund and was a trustee of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund.

Chasin served on the boards of the Rockefeller Family Fund, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, and Spelman College. She also served on the boards of the Children's Defense Fund, the Conflict Management Group, and the Institute for Faith and Politics, and on the steering committee of the Common Ground Network for Life and Choice. She was described as a radical centrist thinker and activist.

Chasin is known as the founder, former executive director, and board member of the Public Conversations Project in Watertown, Massachusetts. This non-profit organization fosters constructive conversations about divisive public issues that involve clashing values, world views, and identities. Public Conversations' methods are designed to dissolve stereotypes, create trust, generate fresh ideas, and promote collaboration among those who have been chronically embattled. She also worked closely with No Labels and the National Institute for Civil Discourse, founded after the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.





</doc>
<doc id="2889567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2889567" title="Steve Hutchins">
Steve Hutchins

Stephen Patrick Hutchins (22 April 1956 – 24 November 2017) was an Australian politician and a member of the Australian Senate for the state of New South Wales (NSW) between October 1998 and June 2011, representing the Australian Labor Party.

Hutchins was born in Sydney. He worked as a forklift driver and waste collector before attending the University of Sydney, where he graduated in arts, and then Harvard University, where he was part of the university's trade union education programme. He was an official with the Transport Workers' Union from 1980 and was Federal President of the union from 1993 to 1998. He was a member of the Australian Council of Trade Unions Executive from 1996 to 1998.

On 14 October 1998 Hutchins was elected as a senator for New South Wales. He was elected again in 2004 but defeated in 2010, his term ending in 2011.

His first marriage was to NSW State Member for Mulgoa, Diane Beamer. His second marriage was to Natalie Sykes.

Hutchins died on 24 November 2017, aged 61 in his home in the NSW Blue Mountains, surrounded by family, after a long battle with cancer. He is survived by his wife, Natalie and six children, Lauren, Michael, Julia and twins Madeleine and Georgia from his first marriage and son, Xavier, whom he shared with Natalie. He was a devoted grandfather of 6.


</doc>
<doc id="2890454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890454" title="Isadore Twersky">
Isadore Twersky

Isadore Twersky (born Yitzchak Asher Twersky, October 9, 1930 – October 12, 1997) was an Orthodox rabbi and Hasidic Rebbe, and university professor who held the position of the "Nathan Littauer Professor of Hebrew Literature and Philosophy" at Harvard University, a chair previously held by Harry Austryn Wolfson. Twersky was an internationally recognized authority on Rabbinic literature and Jewish philosophy. He was especially known as an international expert in the writings and influence of the 12th-century Jewish legalist and philosopher Maimonides, and Abraham ben David, the Rabad of Posquieres.

His best-known works are, "An Introduction to the Code of Maimonides (Mishneh Torah)", and the more popular anthology, "A Maimonides Reader," as well as "Rabad of Posquieres: A Twelfth-Century Talmudist," which was based on his doctorate work. He was the editor of the "Harvard Studies in Medieval Jewish History and Literature" (in three volumes), won a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1989, and was a fellow of both the American Academy for Jewish Research and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. According to , Twersky can best be characterized as a "historian of ideas and a researcher of the intellectual history of the Jews," and would presumably have considered himself as such.

Twersky was born in Boston in 1930, and attended Boston Latin School and Hebrew College, which was then known as "Hebrew Teachers' College". Much of his Torah knowledge was acquired through private study under the tutelage of his father Meshullam Zalman Twersky (his predecessor as the Talner Rebbe of Boston) and his future father-in-law Joseph B. Soloveitchik, rather than through formal yeshiva instruction . As a youth, according to family legend, his diligence, motivation, and remarkable aptitude for Torah studies, pursued in addition to the rigorous academic program at Boston Latin School, presaged his eventual status as the next Talner Rebbe and as one of the leaders of the Orthodox Jewish community of Boston. He graduated from Harvard in 1952, where he majored in history. In 1949, he was one of the first students to spend a year abroad at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, where he developed relationships with such scholarly and literary giants as Gershom Scholem, Yitzhak Baer, Haim Hillel Ben-Sasson and Nobel Prize winner S. Y. Agnon.

Upon his graduation from Harvard, he began studies toward a doctorate in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations, under the guidance of the scholar of medieval philosophy, Harry Austryn Wolfson. The subject of his doctorate was the twelfth century Provençal Talmudist, Abraham ben David of Posquières (Rabad). Published under the title "Rabad of Posquières: A Twelfth-Century Talmudist", it was one of the first academic portraits of a Talmudist written at an American university .

A scion of the Hasidic dynasty of Chernobyl, Twersky succeeded his father Meshullam Zalman Twersky as the Talner Rebbe of Boston for the last twenty years of his life, serving as the spiritual leader of Congregation Beth David, known colloquially as the Talner Beis Medrash ("the Talner study hall"), which was located in a renovated house in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston. Twersky's lectures in the synagogue on Tuesday nights and late Saturday afternoons were known for their erudition and originality, in the tradition of elite religious Torah study, with the vocabulary and worldliness of a Harvard historian. Twersky and his wife Atarah (née Soloveitchik) played a prominent part in the leadership of Maimonides School. Twersky took on the role of spiritual leader for the school in 1993, after the death of Atarah's father Joseph B. Soloveitchik, who had founded the school in 1937. Atarah was the long-time chair of the School Committee, until 2006, nine years after Twersky's death. The Twersky's elder son Mosheh, a rabbi and lecturer at Yeshivas Toras Moshe, was murdered in the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack. Their other son Mayer Twersky holds the Leib Merkin Distinguished Professorial Chair in Talmud and Jewish Philosophy and is a rosh yeshiva at Yeshiva University and rabbi of the Talner Synagogue of Riverdale. Their daughter Tzipporah Rosenblatt, a lawyer, is married to Jonathan Rosenblatt, rabbi emeritus of the Riverdale Jewish Center in New York City. Atarah resides in Riverdale.

Twersky was a pioneer in the introduction of the methodology of the History of ideas, first developed by Arthur O. Lovejoy, into Jewish Intellectual history. He also devoted special emphasis upon the interaction between law and spirituality in the History of Judaism. He founded the Center for Jewish Studies in 1978 and served as its director until 1993.

His research in some respects resembled that of his contemporary and friend Alexander Altmann , and his work on Jewish rationalist philosophy brought him into conflict with scholars such as Gershom Scholem and Shlomo Pines, who viewed the medieval rational philosophy typified by Rambam as an alien parasite grafted onto traditional Judaism . There has been noted a certain irony in the affection given to this greatest of Jewish rationalists by the descendant of an illustrious Hasidic dynasty (it being the case by and large that Hasidic doctrine has stronger affinity for the mystical over the rational), but sees here a coherent and unified search for the "spiritual" within the "rational".

At Harvard, Twersky taught both undergraduate and graduate students. His popular course, "Moderation and Extremism," which compared and contrasted the paths to virtue in the works of Aristotle, Maimonides, and Thomas Aquinas, drew over 200 students in 1995, the final year it was taught. Over the course of his thirty years at Harvard, he taught a large number of graduate students. His exacting standards and expectations were legendary. Nevertheless, over thirty individuals completed their doctorates under his guidance. Many of these play leading roles in Jewish studies, both in North America and in Israel. Among these are Morris (Moshe B.) Berger (Cleveland College of Jewish Studies, Edward Breuer (Hebrew University), Bernard Dov Cooperman (University of Maryland), Joseph M. Davis (Gratz College), Lois Dubin (Smith College), David Fishman Jewish Theological Seminary, Talya Fishman (University of Pennsylvania), Roman A. Foxbrunner, Daniel Frank (Ohio State University), Steven Harvey (Bar Ilan University), Carmi Horowitz (Michlelet Yerushalayim, Jerusalem), Eric Lawee (Bar Ilan University), Diana Lobel (Boston University), David Malkiel (Bar Ilan University), Allan Nadler (Drew University), Ira Robinson (Concordia University), Marc Saperstein (Leo Baeck College, London), Mark (Meir) Sendor, Jacob J. Schacter (Yeshiva University), Bernard Septimus (Harvard University), Marc Shapiro (University of Scranton), Michael Shmidman (Touro College), David Sklare (Machon Ben Zvi), Gregg Stern, Adena Tannenbaum (Ohio State University), Joshua Levisohn, and Jeffrey R. Woolf (Bar Ilan University).

1981: National Jewish Book Award in the Jewish Thought category for "Introduction to the Code of Maimonides"





</doc>
<doc id="2890637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2890637" title="David C. Turnley">
David C. Turnley

David Carl Turnley (born June 22, 1955) is an American photographer, winner of the Pulitzer Prize, two World Press Photos of the Year, and the Robert Capa Award for Courage.

His twin brother Peter Turnley is also a photographer.

David and Peter Turnley were born June 22, 1955 born to William Loyd Turnley and Elizabeth Ann Turnley (née Protsman) in Fort Wayne, Indiana. David Turnley studied French literature at the University of Michigan, where he earned a B.A. in 1977. A fluent speaker of French and Spanish, he also has studied at the Sorbonne and Harvard University.

Turnley won the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for photography for images of the political uprisings in China and Eastern Europe, the World Press Photo Picture of the Year in 1988 for a photo taken in Leninakan after the devastating Spitak earthquake and again in 1991 for a picture of a U.S. Sergeant mourning the death of a fellow soldier during the Gulf War, as well as the Overseas Press Club Robert Capa Gold Medal. He has been a runner-up for the Pulitzer Prize in photography four times.

From 1985 to 1997, Turnley covered the struggle to end Apartheid, revolutions in Eastern Europe, the student uprising in China, the Bosnian War and the Gulf war, and the fall of the Soviet Union. In addition to publishing numerous books, he has directed an Emmy-nominated documentary for CNN on the Dalai Lama, and a feature-length documentary set in Cuban dance hall, "La Tropical". He directed the documentary "Shenandoah", released in 2012, about the 2008 murder and attempted cover up of an immigrant from Mexico by a group of local high school football stars from Shenandoah, Pennsylvania.

Turnley is father of two children and lives with his wife Rachel in Ann Arbor, Michigan.




</doc>
<doc id="2894505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2894505" title="Mather Byles">
Mather Byles

Mather Byles (born 26 March 1706, Boston, Massachusetts – 5 July 1788), was an American clergyman active in British North America.

Byles was descended, on his mother's side, from John Cotton and Richard Mather and was a grandson of Increase Mather and nephew of Cotton Mather. As a young man, he corresponded with Alexander Pope and Isaac Watts.

Byles graduated at Harvard University in 1725, received his A.M. degree there in 1728 and in 1733 he became pastor of the Hollis Street Church (Congregational), Boston. In 1765 he received a degree of Doctor of Divinity from the University of Aberdeen Scotland

Byles held a high rank among the clergy of the province and was noted for his scholarly and well-written sermons, as well as his ready wit. He often exchanged poetic satires and parodies with another Boston wit of that time, Joseph Green. At state funerals, he was often a picked to give the sermon.

He published a book of verse, "Poems on Various Occasions" in 1744 (see 1744 in poetry). In 1773, he was chosen to be one of the eminent Boston literary intellectuals to examine Phillis Wheatley in order to determine if the black woman was actually the author of a proposed book of poems. (He and the rest of the panel determined that she was.)

At the outbreak of the American Revolution, Byles was outspoken in his advocacy of the royal cause, and after the British evacuation of Boston his connection with his church was dissolved.

Byles remained in Boston, however, and subsequently (1777) was arrested, tried and sentenced to deportation. This sentence was later changed to imprisonment in his own house. (He called the sentry stationed outside the house his "Observe-a-Tory".) He was soon released, but never resumed his pastorate.

He is known for saying "Which is better - to be ruled by one tyrant three thousand miles away or by three thousand tyrants one mile away?" A variation of the quote is spoken by Mel Gibson in "The Patriot".

Byles died in Boston on 5 July 1788, aged 82.

Besides many sermons Byles published "A Poem on the Death of George I" (1727).

Married twice:

By first marriage-he had six children of whom only three lived:

By second marriage-three children of whom only two lived:
Both Mary and Catherine remained spinsters; they became renowned for maintaining themselves as loyalists in Boston for nearly sixty years after the American Revolution.


</doc>
<doc id="2898309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2898309" title="Ruth Simmons">
Ruth Simmons

Ruth Simmons (born Ruth Jean Stubblefield; July 3, 1945) is the current President of Prairie View A&M University. She previously served as the 18th president of Brown University, where she was the first African American president of an Ivy League institution. Simmons was elected Brown's first female president in November 2000, assuming that office in the fall of 2001. She also held appointments as a professor in the Departments of Comparative Literature and Africana Studies. In 2002, "Newsweek" selected her as a Ms. Woman of the Year, while in 2001, "Time" named her as America's best college president. According to a March 2009 poll by "The Brown Daily Herald", Simmons had more than an 80% approval rating among Brown undergraduates. Prior to Brown, she headed Smith College, a Seven Sisters and the largest women's college in the United States, beginning in 1995.

On September 15, 2011, Simmons announced that she would step down from the Brown presidency at the end of the academic year, June 30, 2012. She retired to Texas where she had been born and raised. On June 19, 2017, she agreed to step in as the interim president of Prairie View A&M University, a member of the Texas A&M University System and a historically black institution, assuming the office on July 1, 2017. On December 4, 2017, she was officially named the eighth president of Prairie View A&M University. She is the first woman elected to serve as president of Prairie View A&M, where her older brother was a basketball student-athlete.

Simmons was born in Grapeland, Texas, the last of 12 children of Fanny ("née" Campbell) and Isaac Stubblefield. Her father was a sharecropper, until the family moved to Houston during her school years. Her paternal grandfather descends partly from the Benza and Kota people, slaves from Gabon, while her maternal line is traced back to the indigenous peoples of the Caribbean who were enslaved by the Spaniards.

She earned her bachelor's degree, on scholarship, from Dillard University in New Orleans, Louisiana, in 1967. She went on to earn her master's and doctorate in Romance literature from Harvard University in 1970 and 1973, respectively.

Simmons was an assistant professor of French at the University of New Orleans from 1973-1976 and Assistant Dean of the UNO College of Liberal Arts from 1975-76. She moved to California State University, Northridge in 1977 as administrative coordinator of its NEH Liberal Studies Project. From 1978-79, she was acting director of CSU-Northridge's International Programs and visiting associate professor of Pan-African Studies.

Simmons moved to the University of Southern California in 1979 as assistant dean of graduate studies, and then as associate dean of graduate studies. She moved to Princeton University in 1983 and served as assistant dean of faculty and then associate dean of faculty from 1986 to 1990. Simmons served as provost at Spelman College from 1990 to 1991 and returned to Princeton as its vice provost from 1992 to 1995.

In 1995 Simmons became the first African-American woman to head a major college or university when she was selected as president of Smith College, which she led until 2001. As president of Smith College, Simmons started the first engineering program in a U.S. woman's college.

Simmons became president of Brown in October 2001, succeeding Gordon Gee. At Brown, she completed a $1.4 billion initiative - the largest in Brown's history - known as "Boldly Brown: The Campaign for Academic Enrichment" in order to enhance Brown's academic programs. In 2004, former Brown student Sidney E. Frank made the largest aggregate monetary contribution to Brown in its history in the amount of $120 million. The Frank gifts were principally devoted to scholarship assistance to Brown students and to Brown's programs in the sciences.

By early 2007, philanthropist Warren Alpert made a similarly generous contribution to strengthen the programs of The Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University in the amount of $100 million, matching the core portion of the Sidney Frank gift to Brown. As reported in a May 22, 2009, press release, Brown chancellor Thomas J. Tisch announced early accomplishment of the $1.4 billion fundraising campaign and the continued pursuit of specific subsidiary goals in support of endowments for student scholarships, the Brown faculty and internationalization programs through the originally planned campaign completion date of December 31, 2010.

In a 2006 orientation meeting with parents, Simmons denied interest in the presidency of Harvard University, which at the time was headed by an interim president, Derek Bok. Nevertheless, a 2007 "New York Times" article, featuring a photograph of Simmons, reported that the Harvard Corporation, responsible for selecting the university's replacement for former president Lawrence Summers, had been given a list of "potential candidates" that included her name.

In August 2007, Simmons was invited to deliver the 60th Annual Reading of the historic 1790 George Washington at the Synagogue in Newport, Rhode Island in response to Moses Seixas on the subject of religious pluralism.

In September 2011, Simmons announced that she would step down from her position as Brown President at the end of the 2011-12 academic year, originally saying she would remain at Brown as a professor of comparative literature and Africana studies. She was succeeded as Brown President on June 30, 2012, by Christina Paxson.

Simmons earned annual compensation of over $300,000 from Goldman Sachs (on top of her annual salary from Brown of over $500,000) while serving on the Goldman board of directors during the late-2000s financial crisis; in addition, she left the Goldman board (which she had joined in 2000) in 2009 with over $4.3 million in Goldman stock. During her term on Goldman's board, she also served on the compensation committee of Goldman's ten-person board, which decided how large Goldman executives' post-crash bonuses would be; these bonuses included a $68 million bonus for the company's chairman and CEO, Lloyd C. Blankfein, in 2007 and a $9 million bonus in 2009 after Goldman received money in the federal TARP bailout. The revelations of Simmons's role received intense criticism from both alumni and students, with a then-sophomore stating that Simmons's actions "brought shame on the university." Simmons was cited in the 2010 film "Inside Job", as an example of the conflicts of interest between university economics departments and deregulation of financial institutions.

As the wealth that the founding Brown family contributed to the university was based in part on the triangular slave trade, in 2003, Simmons established the University Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice to examine this complex history and make recommendations for how the university might approach the relevant issues. The "Report of the Brown University Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice" was subsequently published. On February 16, 2007, at an event celebrating the 200-year anniversary of the passage of the Slave Trade Act of 1807 and the involvement of Cambridge University alumni William Wilberforce, Thomas Clarkson and William Pitt the Younger, Simmons delivered a lecture at St. John's College, Cambridge, entitled "Hidden in Plain Sight: Slavery and Justice in Rhode Island". Also in February 2007, Brown University published its official "Response to the Report of the Steering Committee on Slavery and Justice" following completion of the historic inquiry undertaken by the committee appointed by Simmons. The bicentenary of the British abolition of the slave trade was also commemorated at Oxford University, notably at Rhodes House.

In October 2007, Simmons appointed David W. Kennedy, the former Manley O. Hudson Professor of Law at Harvard Law School, as vice president for international affairs. In addition to supporting the leadership of the Watson Institute for International Studies, the new university officer will lead a multidisciplinary advanced research project in the field of global law, governance and social thought to strengthen the University's international work in the social sciences.

As an additional element of Simmons' leadership of Brown's international efforts, Brown and Banco Santander of Spain inaugurated an annual series of International Advanced Research Institutes to convene a rising generation of scholars from emerging and developing countries at Brown in a signing ceremony on November 13, 2008, at the John Hay Library between Brown provost David Kertzer and Emilio Botin, chairman of Banco Santander. As noted by Simmons: "To be at the forefront of research today means being in conversation with global peers. The Brown Institutes provide exciting opportunities to encounter new ideas, build collegiate relationships and enrich faculty development for young scholars and teachers from around the world".

In March 2010, Simmons traveled to India as part of a major program called the Year of India which is dedicated to the improvement of understanding of Indian history, politics, education and culture among Brown students and faculty.

Simmons was invited to participate in meetings of global leaders organized by the Clinton Global Initiative and the World Economic Forum at Davos.

Simmons is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and the Council on Foreign Relations. She has served as chair of the Council of Ivy Group Presidents and is an honorary fellow of Selwyn College, Cambridge.

Simmons is involved in many social and civic organizations, including Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority.

Simmons also serves on the boards of Texas Instruments and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. She announced in 2007 that she would not seek re-election to the board of directors of Pfizer after serving on the board for 10 years.

On June 17, 2009, The White House announced that President Barack Obama had appointed Dr. Simmons to the President's Commission on White House Fellowships. In February 2010, Simmons received a BET Honors award for her service as president of Brown University. She accepted the Honor along with other nominees, including Sean Combs, Queen Latifah, and Whitney Houston at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. In 2010, she was awarded the Ellis Island Medal of Honor for her many humanitarian efforts.




</doc>
<doc id="2900393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2900393" title="William Henry Trescot">
William Henry Trescot

William Henry Trescot (November 10, 1822 – May 4, 1898) was an American diplomatist born in Charleston, South Carolina, on the November 10, 1822. He graduated at College of Charleston in 1840, studied law at Harvard University, and was admitted to the bar in 1843. He was married to Eliza Natalie Cuthbert, whose family had land originally granted by King George II.

From 1852 to 1854 he was secretary of the U.S. legation in London. In June 1860 he was appointed assistant secretary of state, and he was acting secretary of state in June–October, during General Lewis Cass's absence from Washington, and for a few days in December after Cass's resignation. His position was important, as the only South Carolinian holding anything like official rank, because of his intimacy with President James Buchanan, and his close relations with the secession leaders in South Carolina.
He opposed the reinforcement of Fort Sumter, used his influence to prevent any attack on the fort by South Carolina before the meeting of the state's convention called to consider the question of secession, and became the special agent of South Carolina in Washington after his resignation from his position as United States Assistant Secretary of State in December. He returned to Charleston in February 1861; was a member of the state legislature in 1862-1866, and served as colonel on the staff of General Roswell S. Ripley during the Civil War; and later returned to Washington.

He was counsel for the United States before the Halifax Fisheries Commission in 1877; was commissioner for the revision of the treaty with China in 1880; was minister to Chile in 1881-1882; in 1882 with General Ulysses S. Grant negotiated a commercial treaty with Mexico; and in 1889-1890 was a delegate to the Pan-American Congress in Washington. He died at Pendleton, South Carolina, his country place, on 4 May 1898.




</doc>
<doc id="2908323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908323" title="S. N. Behrman">
S. N. Behrman

Samuel Nathaniel Behrman (; June 9, 1893 – September 9, 1973) was an American playwright, screenwriter, biographer, and longtime writer for "The New Yorker". His son is the composer David Behrman.

Behrman's parents, Zelda (Feingold) and Joseph Behrman, emigrated from what is now Lithuania to the United States, where Samuel Nathaniel Behrman was born, the youngest of three sons, in a tenement in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1893. His parents spoke little English, and his father was a Talmudic scholar. (Though known for his sophisticated comedies and worldly characters, Behrman fondly dramatized his family-centered, impoverished childhood in one of his last plays, the 1958 "The Cold Wind and the Warm," an autobiographical drama starring Eli Wallach, Maureen Stapleton, and Morris Carnovsky.) His own path, however, took him far from the Orthodox world of his parents.

A schoolmate and intimate friend, Daniel Asher, brought him to the theater when he was eleven to see "Devil's Island", inspiring in him a love of the stage. "When he was a boy, Behrman saw all the famous plays and players of the first decade [of the twentieth century] as an usher in a Worcester theater." At fifteen, he ran away from home with another schoolmate for four days and stayed in New York City. Life in Worcester began to appear increasingly limited. At seventeen, he saw a production of George Bernard Shaw's "Caesar and Cleopatra" at Boston's Park Street Theatre that determined him on his course; that play "seduced me to the theatre," he later remarked. After graduating from high school, Behrman attempted a career as an actor on the vaudeville circuit. Bad health forced him to quit, and he returned home to Worcester and attended Clark University. There he studied under the noted psychologist G. Stanley Hall and heard Sigmund Freud lecture on his 1909 American tour. He immersed himself in the plays of Ibsen, Strindberg, Shaw, Arthur Pinero, and Maurice Maeterlinck.

College was a mixed experience for Behrman. He was repeatedly suspended for failing mandatory physical education classes. Daniel Asher, who devotedly believed in his friend's future, urged Behrman to take courses at nearby Harvard University. There he enrolled in an English composition class with the renowned writing instructor, Charles Townsend Copeland. He was suspended at Clark again in his sophomore year, at which time he transferred to Harvard. (in 1949, Clark University awarded Behrman an honorary degree.) While in Copeland's class in 1915, he sold a short story to the magazine "The Parisienne". He then submitted one of his dramatic manuscripts to George Pierce Baker, whose playwriting workshop was one of the university's most respected courses. (Other famous alumni of the class include Eugene O'Neill, Thomas Wolfe, Sidney Howard, and Philip Barry.) Baker was impressed with Behrman's student work. In the "New York Tribune" nineteen years later, he would title an essay "Baker's Last Drama Lecture: From Aeschylus to Behrman," in tribute to his famous student. In 1916, Behrman was the only undergraduate in the legendary "47 Workshop" playwriting class, where he studied George Meredith's comedy. He earned his B.A. at Harvard and went on to graduate studies at Columbia University.

While at Columbia, where he received his M.A. in 1918, Behrman studied under the noted theater critic and historian Brander Matthews. He was supported for a time by his brothers Hiram and Morris, who ran a successful accounting firm and who were willing to help their younger brother complete his education and try to establish himself as a writer. Living in a cold-water flat in Manhattan, Behrman worked in his twenties as a book reviewer, newspaper interviewer, and press agent, collaborated on three undistinguished plays, and published short stories in several magazines, including "The Smart Set," the monthly edited by H.L. Mencken and George Jean Nathan. His first play under his own name, "The Second Man," was a dramatization of a story he had written for "The Smart Set" in 1919 and, when produced by the Theater Guild in 1927, made his reputation. Noël Coward, who became a friend, acted in the London production.

From the late 1920s through the 1940s, S. N. Behrman was considered one of Broadway's leading authors of "high comedy," was often produced by the famous Theatre Guild, and wrote for such stars as Ina Claire, Katharine Cornell, Jane Cowl, and the acting team of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, who became his good friends. One journalist remembered him from this period as "slim, dark-eyed, curly-haired...with the brooding melancholy of a young Jewish intellectual." Theater critic and historian Brooks Atkinson described Behrman as "one of the Guild's most adored authors." Along with Elmer Rice, Maxwell Anderson, Robert E. Sherwood, and Sidney Howard, he was later one of the five founding members of the Playwright's Company. Among his greatest Broadway successes were "Biography" (1932), "End of Summer" (1936), and "No Time for Comedy" (1939). His stage adaptation of Enid Bagnold's novel "Serena Blandish" became a success for actress Ruth Gordon. A well-read man of wide culture, he also adapted plays by Jean Giraudoux and Marcel Achard and "Jane," a short story by his good friend W. Somerset Maugham. With composer Harold Rome, he adapted Marcel Pagnol's "Fanny" trilogy into a musical play for the stage. His 1942 Broadway play, "The Pirate", was turned into a musical for the film version in 1948, also called "The Pirate".

In Hollywood, Behrman enjoyed a lucrative second career as a screenwriter. He wrote screenplays for Greta Garbo, including "Queen Christina", "Conquest", and her final film, "Two-Faced Woman". With Sonya Levien, he co-wrote the screen play for the 1930 film version of Ferenc Molnár's "Liliom", starring Charles Farrell and Rose Hobart. His experiences in Hollywood found dramatic form in the play "Let Me Hear the Melody" (1951), a failure that closed in pre-Broadway tryouts. He also collaborated on the screenplays for "Anna Karenina" (1935), "A Tale of Two Cities" (1935), and "Waterloo Bridge" (1940).

Berhman's comedies repeatedly celebrate tolerance, yet show how tolerant people in their generosity are often vulnerable when confronted by fanatics or ruthless opportunists. In "End of Summer", a liberal household is threatened by a devious psychoanalyst who is able to play upon the family's weaknesses in his desire for wealth and power. Behrman's protagonists often feel inadequate to deal with the evils and injustices in the world. The hero of "No Time for Comedy", a successful author of stylish comedies for his actress-wife, feels the need to write a serious play in response to the Spanish Civil War. When he fails at this attempt, he resolves to go to Spain himself and fight. The play asks the question: Is there a place for comedy in a violent and unjust world? The protagonist of "Biography" laments a political landscape that is divided between left- and right-wing extremes, leaving little space for a tolerant, humane middle ground.

Behrman's columns for "The New Yorker" included profiles of such notable figures as composer George Gershwin, Hungarian playwright Ferenc Molnár, Zionist leader Chaim Weizmann and entertainer Eddie Cantor as well as longer pieces that became highly regarded biographies of writer and dandy Max Beerbohm and art dealer Joseph Duveen. His autobiographical essays, also serialized in "The New Yorker," appeared in two volumes, "The Worcester Account" (1955) and "People in a Diary" (1972). He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1959.

Behrman was known for his warm, witty personality and enjoyed good relations with many other writers, both in and out of the theater world. A newspaper interview he conducted with Siegfried Sassoon, when the British poet was visiting New York after World War I, led to a lifelong friendship and many visits to Sassoon's country house when Behrman was in England. While not gay himself, Behrman was especially supportive of the tribulations of Sassoon's always turbulent love life. Work on dramatizing a short story by Somerset Maugham led to a relaxed, bantering relationship with that British writer as well and many visits to Maugham's home on the Riviera. Publisher Bennett Cerf repeatedly urged Behrman to write a biography of Maugham, feeling that he knew him as well as anyone. It was a project Behrman toyed with throughout the 1960s, but ultimately declined on the advice of "New Yorker" editor William Shawn. When in Italy, he was a welcome guest of Max Beerbohm, whose biography he wrote in 1960, four years after Beerbohm's death.

Behrman's two most anthologized plays, which continued to be revived in regional theaters through the twentieth century, are "Biography" (1932) and "End of Summer" (1936). Like many of Behrman's plays, they are character studies more than plot-filled dramas.

"Biography" tells the story of Marion Froude, a noted portrait painter, who has been prevailed upon by an abrasive leftwing publisher, Richard Kurt, to write her serialized memoirs for his magazine. A former lover with senatorial aspirations, Leander Nolan, hopes to marry into a conservative, politically well-placed southern family. He wants Marion to abandon the project, fearing that he will be named in her book and his plans derailed. A liberal woman who has painted both Roman Catholic prelates and Lenin himself, Marion must choose (she destroys her manuscript in the end), but is ultimately alienated by both Kurt's proletarian rigidity and Leander's smug conservatism. "Biography" starred Ina Claire and ran on Broadway for 219 performances.

"End of Summer" is about three women of different generations and values: forty-ish Leonie Frothingham, her elderly mother, and her nineteen-year-old daughter, Paula. The three women, insulated from the Depression and its harsh realities by their money, live in summer comfort on an estate in Maine. A visiting psychiatrist disrupts their complacency. He is attracted to both the divorced Leonie and her daughter but schemes to marry Leonie to gain control of her money, until his plan is revealed by Paula. Other characters, including a young man romantically attached to Paula and a Russian emigre-friend of the family, visit the house and talk about their lives, aspirations, and political leanings. Will, Paula's potential fiancé, cannot reconcile his activist politics with the thought of marrying into a family with so much money. One writer described "End of Summer" as "a Chekhovian play which emphasizes the disappearance or demise of an old, conservative order [represented by Leonie's mother] and the emergence of the new, more radical way of American life." The play also starred Ina Claire and ran on Broadway for 153 performances.

"People in a Diary" (1972), a memoir, could also be regarded as a major Behrman work and a well-crafted example of its genre. Published eighteen years after his first memoir, "The Worcester Account," it is a collection of autobiographical essays and sketches culled from the sixty volumes of diaries Behrman had been keeping since his time at Harvard in 1915. "An odd quirk of destiny has put a great many people in my way," he wrote in a significant understatement, declaring that his purpose in the book was to "revive their society" and the vibrant times they had shared. The cast of characters in "People in a Diary" gives an idea of the breadth and depth of Behrman's life: e.g., Greta Garbo, Laurence Olivier, Louis B. Mayer, Jean Giradoux, Somerset Maugham, Eugene O'Neill, Noël Coward, Maxwell Anderson, Elmer Rice, Sidney Howard, Felix Frankfurter, Bernard Berenson, the Gershwins, and the Marx Brothers. The book also contains some biting observations about the direction modern America had taken in the 1960s as it waged war in Vietnam and became more obsessed with money and imperial ambitions.

S. N. Behrman died in 1973 at the age of eighty. He was survived by his wife, Elza Heifetz Behrman, the sister of violinist Jascha Heifetz, whom he had married in his forties, and a son. His stepdaughter was Barbara Gelb, the biographer, along with her husband, Arthur Gelb, of Eugene O'Neill. Brooks Atkinson wrote of Behrman, "[His] ethical and political principles have never been appreciated. It is an ancient rule that prizes are not given to comic plays about serious subjects. The court jester invariably ranks with dilettantes and flaneurs." In Atkinson's view, this "short, rounded, merry, owlish-looking...marvelously erudite and civilized" man was far more than merely a writer of Broadway entertainments. His widow died in 1998 aged 92.







</doc>
<doc id="2908997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2908997" title="Shunsuke Tsurumi">
Shunsuke Tsurumi

After graduating from Harvard University, an A.B., Honors Harvard University in 1942, he was deported on a personnel exchange vessel with his sister Tsurumi Kazuko, Takeda Kiyoko, and Maruyama Masao. Tsurumi taught at Kyoto University. 

In 1946, he started the magazine "Shiso-no Kagaku" ("Science of Thought") with six other people including those who were onboard the same deportation vessel with him Takeda, Maruyama and his sister Kazuko. He was a member of the anti-Vietnam War group Beheiren.
"Shiso no kagaku" was among numerous magazines popped up post-war period, when common people wanted to express themselves. It was unique as it accepted essays from anybody with no discrimination on the authors' academic or sociological background, not limited to politically active students, and printed those on their pages written by nurses, teachers, or social workers for poor factory areas in Tokyo. Tsutsumi was the chief editor of "Shiso no kagaku", which editors freely discussed on their theme and selection of articles for each issue.

He was one of the first students of Willard Van Orman Quine. He died on July 20, 2015 of pneumonia in Kyoto, Japan.
Also thought as a literature and philosophy historian, he wrote several books and articles:



</doc>
<doc id="2912401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2912401" title="Jack Canfield">
Jack Canfield

Jack Canfield (born August 19, 1944) is an American author, motivational speaker, corporate trainer, and entrepreneur. He is the co-author of the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series, which has more than 250 titles and 500 million copies in print in over 40 languages. In 2005 Canfield co-authored with Janet Switzer "The Success Principles: How to Get From Where You Are to Where You Want to Be".

Canfield was born in Fort Worth, Texas on August 19, 1944. He spent his teen years in Wheeling, West Virginia and graduated from the Linsly Military Institute in 1962. Canfield received an A.B. in Chinese History from Harvard University in 1966. He received his M.Ed. in 1973 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Canfield received an honorary Ph.D. from the University of Santa Monica in 1981.

Canfield began his career in 1967 when he taught a year of high school in Chicago, Illinois. He worked at the Clinton Job Corps Center in Iowa and the W. Clement and Jessie V. Stone Foundation in Chicago. In 1976 Canfield co-authored "100 Ways to Enhance Self-Concept in the Classroom". He ran a residential Gestalt center called the New England Center for Personal and Organizational Development and was named one of the Ten Outstanding Young Men of America (TOYA) by the U.S. Jaycees in 1978.

Canfield is the founder and CEO of The Canfield Training Group in Santa Barbara, California and founder of The Foundation for Self-Esteem in Culver City, California. Canfield hosts a radio program and writes a globally syndicated newspaper column. He holds a Guinness World Record for having seven books on the New York Times best-seller list at the same time. In 2006 Canfield was featured in a self-development film called "The Secret". His best known books include: "The Power of Focus", "The Aladdin Factor", and "Dare to Win". In 2005 Canfield co-authored "The Success Principles: How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be". He is a founding member of the Transformational Leadership Council.

Canfield coauthored "Chicken Soup for the Soul" with Mark Victor Hansen in 1993. According to "USA Today", "Chicken Soup for the Soul" was the third best-selling book in the United States during the mid-1990s. Canfield later co-authored dozens of additional books in the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" series.

In his book "The Success Principles: How to Get From Where You Are to Where You Want to Be". Jack Canfield has collected what he asserts to be 64 essential lessons for attaining goals and creating a successful life. The book is divided into six sections: The Fundamentals of Success, Transform Yourself for Success, Build Your Success Team, Create Successful Relationships, Success and Money, and Success Starts Now. These principles include the fundamentals, such as "Take 100% Responsibility for Your Life", "Decide What You Want", and "Believe It’s Possible", as well as those aimed at creating better relationships, such as "Keep Your Agreements", and "Speak with impeccability," and "Tell the Truth Faster." Canfield also presents ideas that he claims can create success with money, build a successful team, and how to overcome procrastination and get started.

In the traditions of Napoleon Hill, W. Clement Stone, Earl Nightingale and Maxwell Maltz Canfield emphasizes the importance of focusing on a vision and using visualization, i.e. the act of creating compelling and vivid pictures in one's mind, in order to achieve one's goals. Canfield cites neuropsychologists who study expectancy theory to support his view on the significance of visualization: 
In January 2015, a revised and updated 10th anniversary edition of Jack Canfield's "Success Principles" came out. The new edition is meant to reflect changing times and address challenges and opportunities that define our digital age. The revised edition includes a new section, "Success in the Digital Age," that explains how to brand oneself with an online persona, use social media in a way that enhances one's reputation, and how to organize crowdfunding to finance projects.

Canfield married in 1971 and had two children before he divorced in 1976. A few years later he remarried and had a third child. He divorced in 1999 and married for a third time in 2001.




</doc>
<doc id="2913661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2913661" title="Henry W. Keyes">
Henry W. Keyes

Henry Wilder Keyes (pronounced to rhyme with "lies") (May 23, 1862June 19, 1938) was a Republican politician from Haverhill, New Hampshire. He served as Governor of New Hampshire and as a United States Senator.

Keyes was born in Newbury, Vermont on May 23, 1862. He was raised in New Hampshire, and his father was a prominent farmer, merchant, and railroad investor. Keyes graduated from Adams Academy, and then attended Harvard University, from which he graduated in 1887. He was a farmer and cattle breeder, and initiated raising of the Holstein-Friesian breed in the United States. He was also a founder of the Woodsville National Bank, and served as its president.

Keyes served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1891 to 1895. He served in the New Hampshire State Senate from 1903 to 1905. He was treasurer of the State license commission from 1903 to 1915, and chairman of the State excise commission from 1915 to 1917. from 1915 to 1917 he served again in the state House of Representatives.

In 1916 he was elected Governor of New Hampshire, and he served one term, 1917 to 1919.

Keyes ran successfully for the United States Senate in 1918. He was reelected in 1924 and 1930 and served from March 4, 1919, to January 3, 1937. he did not run for reelection in 1937.

During his Senate career, Keyes served as chairman of: the Committee on Expenditures in the Post Office Department (Sixty-sixth Congress); Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses (Sixty-eighth and Sixty-ninth Congresses); and Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds (Seventieth through Seventy-second Congresses).

Keyes married future prolific author Frances Parkinson Keyes in 1904. He was 40, she was 18. They had three sons together—Henry Wilder Keyes, Jr., John Parkinson Keyes, and Francis Keyes.

Keyes died on June 19, 1938 in North Haverhill, New Hampshire, and is buried at the Oxbow Cemetery in Newbury, Vermont.

He was the recipient of an honorary Master of Arts from Dartmouth College, and honorary Bachelor of Science and LL.D. degrees from the New Hampshire College of Agriculture and the Mechanic Arts (now the University of New Hampshire).



</doc>
<doc id="2917758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2917758" title="Alfred Bader">
Alfred Bader

Alfred Robert Bader, CBE (April 28, 1924 – December 23, 2018) was a Canadian chemist, businessman, philanthropist, and collector of fine art. He was considered by the "Chemical & Engineering News" poll of 1998 to be one of the "Top 75 Distinguished Contributors to the Chemical Enterprise" during C&EN's 75-year history.

Alfred Bader was born on April 28, 1924, in Vienna, Austria. His father, Alfred Bader, was of Czech Jewish descent. His grandfather, Moritz Ritter von Bader, had been a civil engineer, who worked on the Suez Canal and was knighted by Emperor Franz Josef for his service as Austrian consul at Ismaïlia. His mother, Elizabeth Countess Serényi, came from an aristocratic Catholic Hungarian family. In spite of adamant opposition from Serényi's family, the couple had married in London and settled in Vienna. Alfred was born only two weeks before his father's death. He was adopted by his father's sister, Gisela Reich, and raised as a Jew. His older sister, Marion, remained with Countess Serényi and was raised as a Catholic.

In June 1938, Bader was forced out of school because Jews were forbidden to attend beyond the age 14. On December 10, 1938, he was sent from Austria to England as part of the Kindertransport to escape Nazi persecution. His adoptive mother remained in Austria, and died in 1942 in Theresienstadt.

While in England, Bader attended the East Hove Senior School for Boys, and Brighton Technical College. In 1940 he was sent to a Canadian internment camp for European refugees (which Bader described as spartan but a good influence on his academic and social education). While in the camp, Bader passed his junior and senior matriculation, taking exams from McGill University. A Montreal sponsor, Martin Wolff, welcomed him into a Canadian Jewish family in late 1941 and encouraged him to study further.

After being rejected by McGill, which had a Jewish "quota" and by the University of Toronto, where the chemistry department was doing sensitive war work, Bader was accepted by Queen's University, in Kingston, Ontario. He received his B.Sc. in Engineering Chemistry in 1945, followed by a B.A. in History in 1946. During the summers, he worked for the Murphy Paint Company in Montreal, formulating paints, lacquers and varnishes to order. He completed his M.S. in Chemistry in 1947, doing considerable work on the oxidation of linoleic acids and isomeric tetrahydroxystearic acids. His work with Arthur F. McKay, a "superb experimentalist" who supervised Bader's laboratory work in experimental chemistry, convinced Bader to focus on the field of synthetic organic chemistry.

Bader went on to study at Harvard University, with the support of the Abbott fellowship. He received an M.A. in Chemistry in 1949 and a Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry in 1950. At Harvard, he studied with famed organic chemist Louis Fieser, working on the rearrangement of quinones and the development of intermediates in the Hooker oxidation process.


While working for the Murphy Paint Company in Montreal, Bader was offered financial support to do graduate work, on the condition that he return to work at the company. By the time he finished his Ph.D. at Harvard, Murphy Paint had been acquired by Pittsburgh Plate Glass Co. In January 1950, Bader began work as a research chemist at Pittsburgh Plate Glass. His appointment to the Milwaukee, Wisconsin research facilities broke an unwritten rule against the hiring of Jews and African Americans. While at PPG Bader did significant work in noncatalytic transesterification and in the development of monomers, including systematic studies of alkenylphenols, unsaturated phenols, and phenolic resins. This work led to a number of patents. The patent for Bader's method of creating diphenolic acid was later sold by PPG to Johnson Wax for $1M. Bader remained with PPG until 1954, when the company planned a move to Pittsburgh.

During this time, Bader became increasingly aware of the need for a small reliable company dedicated to providing quality research chemicals. At that time Kodak was their only supplier, and the large company seemed to show insufficient consideration for small and independent researchers. Bader himself had experienced this as a graduate student, when he ordered one of the compounds he needed from the Kodak catalog. He eventually had to make it himself due to its infrequent availability.

In 1951, while still working at PPG, Bader co-founded the Aldrich Chemical Company with Jack Eisendrath, a lawyer. Jack Eisendrath was the first company president. Although Bader held the title of Chief Chemist, most chemicals were not produced in-house. Bader bought interesting compounds from a variety of sources in the United States and Europe and listed them in his catalog. The company initially operated out of a garage where the chemicals were stored and packaged for mailing. The first product sent out by Aldrich was Methylnitronitrosoguanidine, which Bader had learned to produce at Queen's. By 1954 Bader and his first wife, Helen "Danny" Daniels, bought Eisendrath out of Aldrich, becoming "sole and equal owners of the company." Alfred Bader became the company president, leaving PPG.

Reliable chemicals were essential for research chemists of all kinds. They saved time and work in preparation, and the availability of standardized key reagents and starting materials contributed to the reproducibility of experimental results. The Aldrich Chemical Company catalog eventually grew to contain nearly 50,000 substances, described by the Chemical Heritage Foundation as "a huge library of rare chemicals" in addition to thousands of those most commonly used. The company's "Big Red" annual catalog was often used as a reference work because of the extensive physical data and structural information that it contained.

As the catalog grew, so did the company. In 1962 in a 50:50 venture between Aldrich Chemicals and Metal Hydrides Inc., Alfred Bader founded Alfa Inorganics, intending to complement Aldrich's organic chemicals with inorganic research chemicals. This joint venture was terminated in 1967. Other joint ventures have been formed as well. A separate corporation, the Alfred Bader Chemical Corp., was sold to Aldrich on December 20, 1965. A British subsidiary, originally known as Ralph N. Emanuel, Ltd., was co-owned by the Emanuel and Bader families from 1959 to 1969, was gradually taken over by Aldrich, and officially renamed Aldrich Chemical Co. Ltd. in 1973. Aldrich also obtained a controlling interest in Heidenheimer Chemisches Laboratorium (HCL) in Heidenheim, Germany by 1971. In 1975 the Aldrich Chemical Company merged with Sigma Chemical Corporation to become the Sigma-Aldrich Corporation. Aldrich was a leading supplier of organic research chemicals; Sigma a leading supplier of research biochemicals. Together they became the 80th largest chemical company in the United States. As of 1987, 35% of the chemicals sold by Aldrich were produced in-house. Bader served as president of the combined company from 1975 to 1980 and from 1980 to 1991 as chairman. In 1991 he retired as chairman, and was named chairman emeritus.

In an unexpected corporation upheaval Bader was voted off the board of the company in 1992, losing the title of chairman emeritus, but remaining one of the largest holders of the company's stock. Bader has since said that while it was a staggering blow at the time, the change has given him more time to deal in art works and continue his philanthropy, making him happier. The company later reinstated Bader in the role of "chemist collector", in which he provided the company journal "Aldrichimica Acta" with paintings for its covers.

Bader stated, "I am an inveterate collector. It may be a sickness, and it began with stamps at eight, drawings at 10, paintings at 20, and rare chemicals at 30." He collected stamps as a youth when his finances permitted. He purchased his first oil painting in the Canadian internment camp: his portrait, painted by a fellow inmate, for a fee of one Canadian dollar.

A lifelong collector, Bader has devoted himself to the study of art history and collection of many fine paintings. In 1961, he and Marvin Klitsner established Alfred Bader Fine Arts gallery in Milwaukee. Beginning with its first issue in 1968, Bader contributed numerous articles on art subjects to the Aldrich Chemical Company's journal, "Aldrichimica Acta". In addition, full-color copies of Dutch masters from Bader's collection were used for the covers of many of the journal's issues. Artworks from his collection were also featured on the Aldrich Handbook, beginning with the "Quill Cutter" by Paulus de Lesire in the 1967–68 edition of the catalog.

In 1995 Bader published his autobiography, "Adventures of a Chemist Collector", which details his experiences from Nazi-era refugee, to chemist magnate, to fine arts connoisseur. In 2008 he published his second autobiography, "Chemistry & Art - Further Adventures of a Chemist Collector".

Alfred Bader died at home in Milwaukee on December 23, 2018.

Bader has given various charitable donations to Queen's University, Canada, both financial and in-kind. He purchased the 15th century Herstmonceux Castle in East Sussex, England, and donated it to Queen's University, which opened the Bader International Study Centre there in 1994. The residence at the International Study Centre at Herstmonceux Castle is named "Bader Hall" in recognition.

The Baders have also established a number of fellowships, including the Alfred Bader Graduate Fellowship, the Alfred Bader Graduate Fellowship in Art, The Alfred Bader Graduate Fellowship in the Humanities, and the Alfred and Isabel Bader Postdoctoral Fellowship in Jewish History. Queen's also hosts three Bader Chairs: in Organic Chemistry, in Southern Baroque Art, and in Northern Baroque Art. In honour of his numerous contributions, in 2004 Queen's renamed a campus road from "Queen's Crescent" to "Bader Lane".

The Baders are long-time supporters of the Agnes Etherington Art Centre at Queen's in Kingston, Ontario. Upon the invitation of curator Frances Smith in 1967, Bader first donated a painting to Queen's, a Salvator Mundi. In 2014, Bader and his second wife, Isabel, donated 68 paintings from their personal collection of Dutch and Flemish Baroque art to the Agnes Etherington Art Centre, bringing the number of paintings they have donated to the centre to over 200. Highlights of the collection include three paintings by Rembrandt van Rijn, "Head of an Old Man in a Cap", "Head of a Man in a Turban", and "Portrait of a Man with Arms Akimbo"; and paintings by Willem Drost, Jan Lievens, Aert de Gelder, and Jacobus Leveck. The collection has been the basis of a number of exhibitions and publications. 

The Baders also contributed a "transformational gift" towards the creation of the Isabel Bader Centre for the Performing Arts, which opened in 2014. The centre contains a music performance hall, a studio theatre, a small cinema, an art and media lab, a large rehearsal hall and many classrooms, and brings together the Department of Film and Media, the School of Music, the Department of Drama, and the Bachelor of Fine Art Program at Queen's. It provides a performance venue for both the university and the surrounding city.

At Victoria University, Toronto, alma mater of Isabel Bader, the Baders funded construction of a performing arts theatre, the Isabel Bader Theatre.

The Baders have also supported Project SEED, an American Chemical Society initiative that gives scholarships to economically disadvantaged high school students and enables them to conduct hands-on research.

Since 1986, the Baders have funded the giving of the Alfred Bader Award in Bioinorganic or Bioorganic Chemistry by the American Chemical Society, "to recognize outstanding contributions to bioorganic or bioinorganic chemistry". Since 1989, the Baders have funded the Bader Award from the Royal Society of Chemistry given "to recognise eminence in organic chemistry". Since 2013, the Alfred Bader Award has been given by the Canadian Society for Chemistry to a scientist working in Canada for "excellence in research in organic chemistry".

As of 2011, the Baders donated $1.6 million towards the construction of the proposed Kenwood Interdisciplinary Research Complex (KIRC) at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee (UWM).

Awards and honours received by Alfred Bader include but are not limited to the following:




Bader's marriages are described in his autobiographical books. His romance in England with Isabel Overton (b. 1926), the daughter of a deeply religious Protestant family in Northern Ontario and a graduate of Victoria University in Toronto, began with a shipboard meeting in 1949 and continued in a rapid courtship and some 400 love letters. Isabel broke off the relationship because of religious concerns and settled in Bexhill-on-Sea in Sussex, England but did not become romantically involved with anyone else. Her love letters to Alfred Bader have been published as "A Canadian in love", 2000.

Alfred went on to meet and marry his first wife Helen Ann Daniels "Danny", in the United States. Similar in many ways to Isabel, including a Protestant religious upbringing, Danny converted to Judaism before Bader proposed to her. Married in July 1952, they had two sons, David (born 1958) and Daniel (born 1961). Danny worked at Aldrich Chemicals, and owned shares in the company.

Nearly three decades later Alfred re-connected with Isabel, which led to the breakdown of his marriage with Danny; Danny requested a divorce in 1981 and died six years later. Alfred subsequently married Isabel and the two remained happily married until his death. Alfred and Danny's two sons, David and Daniel, now serve as half-owners of Alfred Bader Fine Arts. (Descendants of Bader's onetime partner in that gallery, Marvin Klitsner, now own the other half.) They also serve as president and vice-president of Bader Philanthropies, a foundation originally formed in 1992, now honouring Helen Daniels Bader and Isabel and Alfred Bader.



</doc>
<doc id="2918152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918152" title="José Buscaglia Guillermety">
José Buscaglia Guillermety

José Buscaglia Guillermety (born in 1938) is an educator and sculptor. He is a Fellow of the National Sculptor Society and a founding member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences of Puerto Rico.

Buscaglia was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. His father Rafael Buscaglia was a lawyer, banker and an influential political figure within the ranks of The Popular Democratic Party of Puerto Rico. Besides being one of the co-founders of the party and the founder of the Banco Gubernamental of Fomento, he also held the cabinet position of Treasurer. Buscaglia's mother, Josefina Guillermety, was a student of noted opera singer Antonio Paoli.

The family lived in the Santurce neighborhood of San Juan and also had a farm in Comerío, a town located in the central mountains of the island. There he came into constant contact with nature and peasant culture. On one occasion when he was six years old, his father went on a trip to New York City and brought back a box of modeling clay as a gift for his young son. Young José became fascinated with the gift and started to model human figures with it. His father recognized that his young son had a talent for sculpting and in 1946 enrolled him in an arts school where he was to take lessons from Ismael D'Alzina. After attending his regular school, he would go to the arts school and take six hours of sculpting classes per day.

Buscaglia received his primary and secondary education at the Sacred Heart Academy of Santurce graduating in 1956. He then attended Harvard University where he was the first person to receive a Bachelors in Fine Arts (1960). He spent his junior year abroad in Barcelona, Spain where he became a disciple of Catalan sculptor Enrique Monjo. After graduating from Harvard he returned to Spain to complete his apprenticeship with Monjo.

Buscaglia returned to Puerto Rico in 1962 and was commissioned by the Government of Puerto Rico to erect a monument in the likeness of the late governor Jesus T. Piñero. He was hired by the University of Puerto Rico and held the position of Director of Fine Arts at various periods between 1962 and 1979.

In 1979 he was instrumental in the development and design of an experimental program, sponsored by the Venezuelan Government and Harvard University, that became known as "Project Intelligence".

Buscaglia has created over forty monuments which can be found in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the United States. His works have been exhibited at Yale University, Harvard University, Rockefeller Center, the U.S. Department of Education in Washington, D.C., Hostos Community College in New York City, Barcelona and Madrid.

His principal works include:

On July 31, 2004, In Providence, Rhode Island, the Puerto Rican Day Parade and Festival Organization presented José Buscaglia Guillermety with the "Artistic Excellence Award".

Buscaglia is married to Inés Salgado Nieves (San Juan, 1940) and has five children: José, Rafael, Gian Carlo, Gina María, and Piero. José F. Buscaglia-Salgado is the Director of the Program in Caribbean, Latin American and Latino Studies and a Full Professor in the Department of Transnational Studies at the University at Buffalo. Gian Carlo Buscaglia is a prominent Latin musician, composer, singer and guitarist in the Boston metropolitan area.




</doc>
<doc id="2918212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2918212" title="Douglass Adair">
Douglass Adair

Douglass Greybill Adair (March 5, 1912 – May 2, 1968) was an American historian who specialized in intellectual history. He is best known for his work in researching the authorship of disputed numbers of "The Federalist Papers", and his influential studies in the history and influence of republicanism in the United States during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries—the era of the Enlightenment. His most famous essay, "Fame and the Founding Fathers," introduced the pursuit of fame as a new motivation for understanding the actions for the Framers.

Douglass Greybill Adair was born in 1912 in New York City, but grew up with his family in Birmingham and Mobile, Alabama. He attended the University of the South in Tennessee, where he received his B.A. in English literature; he later earned his M.A. degree at Harvard University, and his Ph.D. degree at Yale University; he was awarded his doctorate in 1943 for his dissertation, "The Intellectual Origins of Jeffersonian Democracy: Republicanism, the Class Struggle, and the Virtuous Farmer." This dissertation rejected the economic determinism associated with the highly influential historical work of Charles A. Beard; the dissertation's title responded directly to the title of Beard's 1915 book, "The Economic Origins of Jeffersonian Democracy." Adair insisted that historical actors such as James Madison, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and Alexander Hamilton were guided by their education and creative interaction with ideas derived from the evolving Atlantic intellectual tradition. These ideas—particularly the cluster of ideas, assumptions, habits of thought, and interpretative principles known as republicanism—played a crucial role in the early development of the United States. Though the dissertation remained unpublished for decades, the list of those who borrowed it from Yale's library is described as a "who's who in early American history."

Adair taught at Princeton University, the College of William and Mary, and the Claremont Graduate School. From 1944 through 1955, Adair was the leading spirit in the launching, editing, and publication of the third series of the "William and Mary Quarterly", which became the leading journal in the field of early American history. Adair contributed many influential articles to the "Quarterly," including his classic two-part essay, "The Authorship of the Disputed Federalist Papers," and "The Tenth Federalist Revisited." He also wrote many book reviews, showing his mastery of the craft of reviewing and setting a standard for the field.

Adair married the poet Virginia Hamilton.

For an array of reasons, including depression associated with his inability to produce a full-length scholarly monograph in his field, Adair committed suicide in 1968.



</doc>
<doc id="2924842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2924842" title="Evelyn Fox Keller">
Evelyn Fox Keller

Evelyn Fox Keller (born March 20, 1936) is an American physicist, author and feminist. She is currently Professor Emerita of History and Philosophy of Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Keller's early work concentrated at the intersection of physics and biology. Her subsequent research has focused on the history and philosophy of modern biology and on gender and science.

Born in Jackson Heights, Queens to immigrants from Russia, Keller grew up in Woodside, Queens. She received her B.A. in physics from Brandeis University in 1957 and continued her studies in theoretical physics at Harvard University graduating with a Ph.D. in 1963. She became interested in molecular biology during a visit to Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory while completing her Ph.D. dissertation. Keller has also taught at Northeastern University, Cornell University, University of Maryland, Northwestern University, Princeton University, State University of New York at Purchase, New York University and in the department of rhetoric at the University of California, Berkeley.

In 2007 Keller sat on the USA advisory board of FFIPP (Faculty for Israeli-Palestinian Peace-USA), a network of Palestinian, Israeli, and International faculty, and students, working for an end of the Israeli occupation of Palestinian territories and just peace.

She first encountered feminism as a discipline while attending a conference entitled "Women and the Scientific Profession." At this conference, Erik Erikson and Bruno Bettelheim argued for more women in science based on the invaluable contributions a "specifically female genius" could make to science. Four years later, in 1969, she compiled an array of data on the experiences of women scientists and put together an argument about women in (or out of) science, based on "women's nature." She had been feeling disenchantment from her colleague publishing her team's work and she had not realized the reason behind it until she did her research.

In 1974 Keller taught her first women's studies course. Shortly after, she was invited to give a series of lectures on her work. She had never shared her personal experiences of her story of what it was like for her as a woman becoming a scientist and this lecture marked the beginning of her work as a feminist critic of science. It raised three central questions that marked her research and writing over the next decade.

One of her major works was a contribution to the book "The Gender and Science Reader". Keller's article, entitled "Secrets of God, Nature, and Life" links issues in feminism back to the Scientific Revolution in the 17th Century and the Industrial Revolution in the 18th Century. In this work, she quotes Boyle. "It may seem an ingrateful and unfilial thing to dispute against nature, that is taken by mankind for the common parent of us all. But although it be as undutiful thing, to express a want of respect for an acknowledged parent, yet I know not, why it may not be allowable to question one, that a man looks upon but as a pretend one; and it appear to me, that she is so, I think it my duty to pay my gratitude, not to I know not what, but to that deity, whose wisdom and goodness...designed to make me a man." (pg. 103) By Keller addressing Boyle's quote in this aspect, she alludes to how as soon as questionable aspects are displayed in nature, "nature" becomes "nature" and is then feminine.

Evelyn Fox Keller has documented how the masculine-identified public sphere and the feminine-identified private sphere have structured thinking in two areas of evolutionary biology: population genetics and mathematical ecology. Her concern is to show how the selection process that occurs in the context of discovery limits what we come to know. Keller argues that the assumption that the atomistic individual is the fundamental unit in nature has led population geneticists to omit sexual reproduction from their models. Though the critique of misplaced individualism is nothing new, the gender dynamics Keller reveals are. According to Keller, geneticists treat reproduction as if individuals reproduce themselves, effectively bypassing the complexities of sexual difference, the contingencies of mating, and fertilization. She likens the biologists' atomistic individual to heuristic individual portrayed by mainstream Western political and economic theorists. Keller argues further that biologists use values ascribed to the public sphere of Western culture to depict relations between individuals (while values generally attributed to the private sphere to describe relations are confused to the interior of an individual organism.) 

Some scholars who study women in science have criticized the version of gender and science theory that was pioneered by Keller. Ann Hibner Koblitz has argued that Keller's theory fails to account for the great variation among different cultures and time periods. For example, the first generation of women to receive advanced university degrees in Europe were almost entirely in the natural sciences and medicine—in part because those fields at the time were much more welcoming of women than were the humanities. Koblitz and others who are interested in increasing the number of women in science have expressed concern that some of Keller's statements could undermine those efforts, notably the following:

Among the critics of Keller's gender and science theory are the mathematical physicist Mary Beth Ruskai, the former presidents of the Association for Women in Mathematics Lenore Blum and Mary Gray, and gender researchers Pnina Abir-Am and Dorinda Outram.






</doc>
<doc id="2927839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2927839" title="Ivan Panin">
Ivan Panin

Ivan Nikolayevich Panin (12 December 1855 – 30 October 1942) was a Russian emigrant to the United States who achieved fame for discovering numeric patterns in the text of the Hebrew and Greek Bible and for his published work based on his subsequent research.

Ivan Nikolayevitsh Panin, often called the 'father of Bible numerics' was born in Russia, December 12, 1855. As a young man he participated in a movement to educate the under-classes, a movement which was labeled nihilism by observers from neighboring countries; the members of the movement merely called themselves revolutionaries. This time in Russia saw many of the upper classes leaving their luxurious homes to go to the factories and teach the less fortunate, for which efforts they were tortured, often to the point of insanity or death. In effect, the newly freed serfs (1856 and 1861) were seen by these 'nihilists' as not actually free, but merely being sold into wage slavery, and the solution settled upon was to educate them. Neither the government nor the Czar looked kindly upon this.

Finding himself exiled at the age of 18, he emigrated to Germany, where he held citizenship from 1874 to 1877. He had a voracious appetite for knowledge, especially in literature and linguistics. At the age of 22 he emigrated to the United States and entered Harvard University, where he spent four years, picking up Greek and Hebrew, and graduating in 1882 with a Master of Literary Criticism.

Having already written "The Revolutionary Movement" in Russia in 1881, he traveled around giving lectures on Russian literature (especially Pushkin, Gogol, Turgenev, and Tolstoy, authors who had contributed to the social upheaval that forced changes in Russia during the mid 1800s). He was a firm agnostic.

Karl Sabiers, who wrote "Russian Scientist Proves Divine Inspiration of Bible" during the last year of Panin's life, wrote:

"After his college days he became an outstanding lecturer on the subject of literary criticism... His lectures were delivered in colleges and before exclusive literary clubs in many cities of the United States and Canada. During this time Mr. Panin became well known as a firm agnostic— so well known that when he discarded his agnosticism, and accepted the Christian faith the newspapers carried headlines telling of his conversion."

This conversion occurred in 1890 when his attention was caught by the first chapter of John, in which the article ("the") is used before "God" in one instance, and left out in the next: "and the Word was with the God, and the Word was God." He began to examine the text to see if there was an underlying pattern contributing to this peculiarity. Making parallel lists of verses with and without the article, he discovered that there was an entire system of mathematical relationships underlying the text. This led to his conversion to Christianity, as attested to by his publication in 1891 of "The Structure of the Bible: A Proof of the Verbal Inspiration of Scripture".

Until his death in 1942, Ivan Panin labored continuously on the discovery of numerical patterns throughout the Hebrew language of the Old Testament and the Greek language of the New Testament, often to the detriment of his health. His conclusion was that if these patterns were implemented intentionally by man, the collaboration of all writers of the Bible—stretched over many disparate years—would be required, in addition to the condition that each of them be a mathematician of the highest order.

In 1899 Panin sent a letter to the "New York Sun" challenging his audience to disprove his thesis that the numerical structure of scripture showed its divine origin.

Based on his edition of the Greek text, Panin translated the New Testament into English,"The New Testament from the Greek as Established by Bible Numerics" (New Haven, CT, 1914). This was followed in 1935 by a "Second Edition, Revised".

Thereafter, until his death in 1942, he devoted over 50 years of his life to painstakingly exploring the numerical structure of the Scriptures, generating over 43,000 hand-penned pages of analysis. A sampling of his discoveries was published, and is still being published today.

Critics of his work doubt the value of some of his findings and attempt to dismiss more evident numerical patterns as random chance. Panin's claims, that the existence of such statistical anomalies is proof of divine inspiration, are still sharply debated by skeptics of his work, yet to date no thorough statistical analysis has been made either for or against his claims, as the spectrum of data that Panin used for demonstrating the patterns precludes linear analysis. While Panin spoke highly of the edition of Westcott and Hort of the New Testament, he found their textual criticism wanting and was obliged to produce his own critical text. This work, the New Testament in the Original Greek, published in 1934, claims to have reconstructed the lost original version by his techniques. A more recent publication, Ivan Panin's Numerics in Scripture, provides his Greek text side-by-side with both Westcott & Hort and the contemporary Nestle-Aland, demonstrating that there are the same amount of differences between Panin's text with each of the other two respectively.

Another criticism is that the same kind of numeric patterns can be found in any text, yet the methods used for casual demonstrations of this nature lack the requisite depth to draw conclusions.

Proponents of his work include well-known authors such as Chuck Missler.

Panin was a competent translator and textual critic on his own merits.





</doc>
<doc id="2929332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2929332" title="Joseph Halpern">
Joseph Halpern

Joseph Yehuda Halpern (born 1953) is a professor of computer science at Cornell University. Most of his research is on reasoning about knowledge and uncertainty.

Halpern graduated in 1975 from University of Toronto with a B.S. in mathematics. He went on to earn a Ph.D. in mathematics from Harvard University in 1981 under the supervision of Albert R. Meyer and Gerald Sacks. He has written three books, "Actual Causation", "Reasoning about Uncertainty," and "Reasoning About Knowledge" and is a winner of the 1997 Gödel Prize in theoretical computer science and the 2009 Dijkstra Prize in distributed computing. From 1997 to 2003 he was editor-in-chief of the Journal of the ACM. In 2002 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery and in 2012 he was selected as an IEEE Fellow.
In 2011 he was awarded a Senior Fellowship of the Zukunftskolleg at the University of Konstanz.. In 2019, he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering.

Halpern is also the administrator for the Computing Research Repository, the computer science branch of arXiv.org, and the moderator for the "general literature" and "other" subsections of the repository.

His students include Nir Friedman, Daphne Koller, and Yoram Moses.
Halpern has three children.



</doc>
<doc id="2938391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2938391" title="Mark Ritts">
Mark Ritts

Mark Ritts (June 16, 1946 – December 7, 2009) was an American actor, puppeteer, television producer and director, and author. Ritts also produced and directed many independent videos and television spots as president of Mark Ritts Productions, Inc., for clients around the world.

Ritts was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Harvard with a degree in English literature. Being the son of noted puppeteers Paul and Mary Ritts, he pursued a sideline in puppetry, starring in PBS's "The Real Adventures of Sherlock Jones and Proctor Watson" and NBC's "The Pink Panther Show", among many others. In the 1980s he was the puppeteer for the Philadelphia-area produced "Starstuff."

Throughout the 1990s, Ritts was the voice and manipulator of Kino, the Emmy Award-winning puppet co-host of the PBS series "Storytime", as well as one of the show's writers.

From 1992 to 1998, he participated on CBS's "Beakman's World". In it, Ritts starred as Lester, a disgruntled actor (with a bad agent) in a rat suit who reluctantly helps Beakman with his experiments and trades barbs with Josie, Liza and Phoebe. The character was originally conceived as a puppet character, but at the last minute, the show's producers decided he would be a costumed actor. Ritts also operated the Herb penguin puppet, with the voice provided by Alan Barzman. The program has been televised in nearly 90 countries around the world, and is seen in syndication throughout the United States.

After moving to California from the East Coast in 1994, Mark wrote and produced a Barney the Dinosaur special for Fox, as well as a one-hour documentary on microbiology called "Creators of the Future", which debuted in prime time on PBS in 1999.

Ritts is also the co-author (with Don Fleming, Ph.D) of a parenting book entitled "Mom, I Hate You", released by Three Rivers/Random House in April 2003. In July 2005, he and co-producer/writer/director Ted Field released "Cast Off for Catalina", a DVD about visiting and enjoying southern California's Santa Catalina Island aboard your own boat. A second DVD, "Cast Off for Mexico", was released in 2007. Ritts provided the voice for the character Gianciotto in the 2007 film "Dante's Inferno". 

He made a major high-definition documentary for Merck & Co. and creative directed an elaborate conference for Carlson Hotels at Las Vegas's Bellagio Resort and Casino. He was also a director of the Court TV series "North Mission Road". 

Ritts died from kidney cancer in La Cañada Flintridge, California. He was 63 years old.

He was married to actress and singer Teresa Parente and had a daughter. He was previously married to Nina Daniel and they had two sons.



</doc>
<doc id="2940376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2940376" title="Frederick Hale (U.S. senator)">
Frederick Hale (U.S. senator)

Frederick Hale (October 7, 1874September 28, 1963) was the United States Senator from Maine from 1917 to 1941. He was the son of Eugene Hale, the grandson of Zachariah Chandler, both also U.S. Senators. He was the brother of diplomat Chandler Hale, and the cousin of U.S. Representative Robert Hale.

Hale was born on October 7, 1874 in Detroit, Michigan to Eugene Hale. He attended the Lawrenceville School, and a prep school in Groton, Massachusetts. He graduated from Harvard University in 1896 and attended Columbia Law School in New York City from 1896 to 1897. He was admitted to the bar and commenced the practice of law in Portland, Maine in 1899.

Hale was a Republican member of the Maine House of Representatives, 1905–1906; and a member of the Republican National Committee, 1912-1918. In 1916, he was elected as a Republican to the United States Senate, defeating incumbent Democrat Charles Fletcher Johnson to reclaim the Senate seat that had been held by his father Eugene Hale.

He was reelected in 1922, 1928, and again in 1934, serving from March 4, 1917 to January 3, 1941. 

In the 1928 Republican primary, Hale defeated incumbent governor Owen Brewster for their party's nomination which signaled the end of the Ku Klux Klan in Maine as an important political factor.

He was not a candidate for renomination in 1940. He served as chairman, Committee on Canadian Relations in the Sixty-sixth Congress, and served on the Committee on Naval Affairs in the Sixty-eighth through Seventy-second Congresses, and the Committee on Appropriations in the Seventy-second Congress.

A fierce opponent of the Ku Klux Klan faction of the Republican Party in Maine, Hale was one of a handful of senators who voted against the elevation of Hugo Black to the Supreme Court in 1937 based on his alleged Klan membership.

He retired to private life and died in Portland, Maine on September 28, 1963. He is interred in Woodbine Cemetery in Ellsworth, Maine. At the time of his death, Hale was the last living Senator who was serving at the time of the United States' declaration of war against the German Empire, which precipitated the United States' participation in World War I.



</doc>
<doc id="2941224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2941224" title="Monte Davidoff">
Monte Davidoff

Monte Davidoff (; born 1956) is an American computer programmer.

Davidoff is from Glendale, Wisconsin. He graduated from Nicolet High School in 1974, and went on to Harvard College, where he majored in applied mathematics, the department at Harvard that, at the time, included computer science. Davidoff also worked at WHRB, the college radio station, and graduated from Harvard in 1978.

A college dormmate of Bill Gates who had a summer job at Gates's new company Microsoft during college, Davidoff is best known for writing the Microsoft Binary Format floating-point arithmetic routines for Altair BASIC while he was at Harvard. The routines were subsequently reused in Microsoft BASIC products for other systems. He later worked at Honeywell Information Systems on the Multics project, Tandem Computers, Ready Systems, and Stratus Computer. Since 2000 he has consulted through his own company, Alluvial Software.




</doc>
<doc id="2941632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2941632" title="Fred Gardner (activist)">
Fred Gardner (activist)

Fred Gardner is an American political organizer and author best known for his opposition to the Vietnam War and his writings about the medical mariijuana movement in the United States.

Gardner received his bachelor's degree from Harvard in 1963. He has been an editor at "Scientific American" and "Ramparts," a private detective, a songwriter, an author, a freelance journalist, one of the credited screenwriters for "Zabriskie Point" directed by Michelangelo Antonioni, the owner of Variety Home Video, the editor of "Synapse" (the UCSF Medical Center weekly), Public Information Officer for the San Francisco District Attorney's office, and the editor of "O'Shaughnessy's Journal of Cannabis in Clinical Practice".

In the fall of 1967 Gardner, with Donna Mickleson and Deborah Rossman, started a coffeehouse in Columbia, South Carolina, that became a hang-out for GIs, an alternative USO called the UFO (United Freedom Organization). Gardner covered the court martial of 27 GIs charged with mutiny at the Presidio of San Francisco in October 1968 and wrote a book about the case, "The Unlawful Concert", published by Viking in 1970 and reissued by Gryphon Press in 2005. In April 1970, Gardner worked as a stage manager for Free The Army (FTA) tour with actors Jane Fonda and Donald Sutherland. This traveling road show for soldiers was meant to counter USO shows put on by Bob Hope.

As a journalist in the 1970s, Gardner helped break the story that the US government was funding the spraying of paraquat by helicopter to defoliate Mexican marijuana fields. Farmers had been harvesting plants before the poison could work, selling it, and US consumers were inhaling paraquat-laced pot.

Gardner also helped expose the hidden ownership of Erhard Seminars Training, and Eli Lilly’s strategy of marketing Prozac by publicizing the prevalence of clinical depression. In 1999, he foresaw and wrote about the medical and political significance of cannabidiol (CBD), a non-psychoactive compound in cannabis that may have diverse medical benefits.

O’Shaughnessy’s was launched by Gardner in 2003 at the urging of Tod Mikuriya, founder of the Society of Cannabis Clinicians. It is distributed by SCC doctors to their patients. An offshoot of O’Shaughnessy’s, Project CBD, expedited demand for and production of CBD-dominant cannabis in the U.S.

Gardner is a frequent and long-time contributor to "CounterPunch" and the "Anderson Valley Advertiser".

Gardner currently lives in Alameda, California with his wife Marci. He has six sons and a daughter.



</doc>
<doc id="2944753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2944753" title="Curtis Price">
Curtis Price

Sir Curtis Alexander Price, KBE (born in Springfield, Missouri, USA, in 1945) was the Warden of New College, Oxford, between October 2009 and September 2016. He was previously principal of the Royal Academy of Music from 1995 to 2008 and Professor of Music in the University of London. He retired as the warden of New College at the end of August 2016.

Price was raised in Charleston, Illinois, and received his undergraduate musical training at Southern Illinois University Carbondale. He attained a Ph.D from Harvard University. He moved to the United Kingdom in 1981 to teach at King's College London, latterly as head of department. Price is a trustee of Musica Britannica, the Handel House Museum and the British Library Sound Archive, and is a governor of the Purcell School. During his tenure as principal of Royal Academy of Music, the academy became a full school of University of London, it developed collaborations with Juilliard School (New York) and other music schools abroad, it acquired important archives (including the Foyle Menuhin archive) and in 2005 it acquired the "Viotti ex-Bruce" Stradivari violin.

In 2005, Price was appointed honorary Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) for services to music. The knighthood was made substantive in the New Year Honours List 2006.

He is married to Professor Rhian Samuel, a composer.



</doc>
<doc id="2948184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2948184" title="Sloan Wilson">
Sloan Wilson

Sloan Wilson (May 8, 1920 – May 25, 2003) was an American writer.

Born in Norwalk, Connecticut, he was a grandson of US Navy officer and Arctic explorer John Wilson Danenhower. Wilson graduated from Harvard University in 1942. He then served in World War II as an officer of the United States Coast Guard, commanding a naval trawler for the Greenland Patrol and an army supply ship in the Pacific Ocean.

After the war, Wilson worked as a reporter for Time-Life. His first book, "Voyage to Somewhere", was published in 1947 and was based on his wartime experiences. He also published stories in "The New Yorker" and worked as a professor at the State University of New York's University of Buffalo.

Wilson published 15 books, including the bestsellers "The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit" (1955) and "A Summer Place" (1958), both of which were adapted into feature movies. A later novel, "A Sense of Values", in which protagonist Nathan Bond is a disenchanted cartoonist involved with adultery and alcoholism, was not well received. In "Georgie Winthrop", a 45-year-old college vice president begins a relationship with the 17-year-old daughter of his childhood love. The novel "The Ice Brothers" is loosely based on Wilson's experiences in Greenland while serving with the US Coast Guard. The memoir "What Shall We Wear to This Party?" recalls his experiences in the Coast Guard during World War II and the changes to his life after the bestseller "Gray Flannel" was published.

Wilson was an advocate for integrating, funding and improving public schools. He became Assistant Director of the National Citizens Commission for Public Schools as well as Assistant Director of the 1955-56 White House Conference on Education.

Wilson suffered from alcoholism throughout his life, and Alzheimer's disease toward the end. In addition to novels and magazine articles, he funded himself during his later years by writing commissioned works such as biographies and yacht histories. He was living in Colonial Beach, Virginia at the time of his death.

Wilson was married twice. His first wife was Elise Pickhardt, whom he married in 1941. They had three children: Rebecca Wilson, David Sloan Wilson, and Lisa. Rebecca is a nurse, David is an evolutionary biologist, and Lisa is an author. His second wife was Betty Stephens, whom he married in 1962. They had one daughter, Jessie.

Wilson's service as an officer in World War II is noted at the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London, Connecticut.

In the 1970s Wilson and his wife and daughter lived at Dinner Key Marina in Coconut Grove, Florida on a 54' cruiser, the "Pretty Betty".

A copy of one of Wilson's books, "Ice Brothers", was used to conceal a bomb by terrorist Ted Kaczynski (the Unabomber). Kaczynski sent a parcel to the Lake Forest, Illinois home of the President of United Airlines, Percy Wood. On June 10, 1980, Wood received the parcel in the mail; it contained a copy of "Ice Brothers". When Wood opened the book, a bomb concealed inside exploded, injuring him severely.







</doc>
<doc id="2951190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2951190" title="Robert West (chemist)">
Robert West (chemist)

Robert C. West (born 1928) is E. G. Rochow Professor of Chemistry Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin–Madison; Director of the Organosilicon Research Center, University of Wisconsin–Madison 1999–present; President, Silatronix, Inc. (2007–present; Distinguished Professor, Yonsei University, 2007–2011.

West received his Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry from Cornell University in 1950, proceeding on to Harvard University where he received his Master of Arts in 1952 and Ph.D. in 1954. At Cornell, he was a member of the Quill and Dagger society.

West is a chemist best known for his groundbreaking research in silicon chemistry as well as for his work with oxocarbons and organolithium compounds. In 2004, West was listed as one of the most cited scientists during the period 1981-1999, according to a citation survey by Thomson ISI. West's most well-known discovery was the synthesis of the first ever silicon-silicon double bond in 1981, a feat which broke the so-called "double-bond rule" (which stated that main group elements below row two of the periodic table could not form double bonds). West later discovered the first example of a stable silylene, a form of divalent silicon, acting as the silicon analog to the now catalytically important carbene. West also developed a new model for understanding rotations in polymers. West's numerous other discoveries include a siloxane-based electrolyte which has made possible revolutionary rechargeable implantable batteries for biomedical applications including the treatment of spinal injuries and nerve damage. His current interests include the synthesis of silicon-containing anticancer drugs, and the study of silicon and germanium compounds by muon resonance spectroscopy.

West is an instrument-rated pilot with over 2500 hours as pilot-in-command. He is a mountaineer, with over 50 first ascents in the mountains of British Columbia. He is known for his eccentric lifestyle, liberal political views, and activism for women's reproductive rights both in the US and internationally. In 1972, along with Anne Nicol Gaylor, he co-founded the Women's Medical Fund to help Wisconsin women pay for abortions.

His international interests have led to extensive collaborative research with chemistry departments in major universities in countries including Austria, Brazil, Canada, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Japan, Korea, Lebanon, Mexico, Norway and Russia. Many of his over 600 publications have been in collaboration with scientists in countries outside the USA.



</doc>
<doc id="2955228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2955228" title="John Hope Franklin">
John Hope Franklin

John Hope Franklin (January 2, 1915 – March 25, 2009) was an American historian of the United States and former president of Phi Beta Kappa, the Organization of American Historians, the American Historical Association, and the Southern Historical Association. Franklin is best known for his work "From Slavery to Freedom", first published in 1947, and continually updated. More than three million copies have been sold. In 1995, he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor.

Franklin was born in Rentiesville, Oklahoma in 1915 to attorney Buck (Charles) Colbert Franklin (1879–1957) and his wife Mollie (Parker) Franklin. He was named after John Hope, a prominent educator who was the first African-American president of Atlanta University.

Franklin's father Buck Colbert Franklin was a civil rights lawyer, aka "Amazing Buck Franklin." He was of African-American and Choctaw ancestry and born in the Chickasaw Nation in western Indian Territory (formerly Pickens County). He was the seventh of ten children born to David and Milley Franklin. David was a former slave, who became a Chickasaw Freedman when emancipated after the American Civil War. Milley was born free before the war and was of one-fourth Choctaw and three-fourths African-American ancestry. Buck Franklin became a lawyer.

Buck Franklin is best known for defending African-American survivors of the 1921 Tulsa race riot, in which whites had attacked many blacks and buildings, and burned and destroyed the Greenwood District. This was known at the time as the "Black Wall Street", and was the wealthiest Black community in the United States, a center of black commerce and culture. Franklin and his colleagues also became experts at oil law, representing "blacks and Native Americans in Oklahoma against white lawyers representing oil barons." His career demonstrated a strong professional black life in the West, at a time when such accomplishments would have been more difficult to achieve in the Deep South.

John Hope Franklin graduated from Booker T. Washington High School (then segregated) in Tulsa, Oklahoma. He graduated in 1935 from Fisk University, a historically black university in Nashville, Tennessee, then earned a master's in 1936 and a doctorate in history in 1941 from Harvard University.

"My challenge," Franklin said, "was to weave into the fabric of American history enough of the presence of blacks so that the story of the United States could be told adequately and fairly."

In his autobiography, Franklin has described a series of formative incidents in which he confronted racism while seeking to volunteer his services at the beginning of the Second World War. He responded to the navy's search for qualified clerical workers, but after he presented his extensive qualifications, the navy recruiter told him that he was the wrong color for the position. He was similarly unsuccessful in finding a position with a War Department historical project. When he went to have a blood test, as required for the draft, the doctor initially refused to allow him into his office. Afterward, Franklin took steps to avoid the draft, on the basis that the country did not respect him or have an interest in his well-being, because of his color.

In the early 1950s, Franklin served on the NAACP Legal Defense Fund team led by Thurgood Marshall, and helped develop the sociological case for "Brown v. Board of Education". This case, challenging "de jure" segregated education in the South, was taken to the United States Supreme Court. It ruled in 1954 that the legal segregation of black and white children in public schools was unconstitutional, leading to integration of schools.

Franklin's teaching career began at Fisk University. During WWII, he taught at St. Augustine's College from 1939 to 1943 and the North Carolina College for Negroes, currently North Carolina Central University from 1943 to 1947.

From 1947 to 1956, he taught at Howard University. In 1956, Franklin was selected to chair the history department at Brooklyn College, the first person of color to head a major history department. Franklin served there until 1964, when he was recruited by the University of Chicago. He spent 1962 as a visiting professor at the University of Cambridge, holding the Professorship of American History and Institutions.

David Levering Lewis, who has twice won the Pulitzer Prize for history, said that while he was deciding to become a historian, he learned that Franklin, his mentor, had been named departmental chairman at Brooklyn College.

Now that certainly is a distinction. It had never happened before that a person of color had chaired a major history department. That meant a lot to me. If I had doubt about (the) viability of a career in history, that example certainly helped put to rest such concerns.

In researching his prize-winning biography of W. E. B. Du Bois, Lewis said he became aware of Franklin's

courage during that period in the 1950s when Du Bois became an un-person, when many progressives were tarred and feathered with the brush of subversion. John Hope Franklin was a rock; he was loyal to his friends. In the case of W. E. B. Du Bois, Franklin spoke out in his defense, not (about) Du Bois's communism, but of the right of an intellectual to express ideas that were not popular. I find that admirable. It was a high risk to take and we may be heading again into a period when the free concourse of ideas in the academy will have a price put upon it. In the final years of an active teaching career, I will have John Hope Franklin's example of high scholarship, great courage and civic activism.

From 1964 through 1968, Franklin was a professor of history at the University of Chicago, and chair of the department from 1967 to 1970. He was named to the endowed position of John Matthews Manly Distinguished Service Professor, which he held from 1969 to 1982. He was appointed to the Fulbright Board of Foreign Scholarships, 1962–1969, and was its chair from 1966 to 1969.

In 1976, the National Endowment for the Humanities selected Franklin for the Jefferson Lecture, the U.S. federal government's highest honor for achievement in the humanities. Franklin's three-part lecture became the basis for his book "Racial Equality in America."

Franklin was appointed to the U.S. Delegation to the UNESCO General Conference, Belgrade (1980).

In 1983, Franklin was appointed as the James B. Duke Professor of History at Duke University. In 1985, he took emeritus status from this position. During this same year, he helped to establish the Durham Literacy Center and served on its Board until his death in 2009.

Franklin was also Professor of Legal History at the Duke University Law School from 1985 to 1992.

"Racial Equality in America" is the published lecture series that Franklin presented in 1976 for the Jefferson Lecture sponsored by the National Endowment for Humanities. The book is composed of three lectures, given in three different cities, in which Franklin chronicled the history of race in the United States from revolutionary times to 1976. These lectures explore the differences between some of the beliefs related to race with the reality documented in various historical and government texts, as well as data gathered from census, property, and literary sources. The first lecture is titled "The Dream Deferred" and discusses the period from the Revolution to 1820. The second lecture is titled "The Old Order Changeth Not" and discusses the rest of the 19th century. The third lecture is titled "Equality Indivisible" and discusses the 20th century.

In 2005, at the age of 90, Franklin published and lectured on his new autobiography, "Mirror to America: The Autobiography of John Hope Franklin". In 2006, "Mirror to America" received the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights Book Award, which is given annually to honor authors "whose writing, in illuminating past or present injustice, acts as a beacon towards a more just society."

In 2006, he also received the John W. Kluge Prize and as the recipient lectured on the successes and failures of race relations in America in "Where do We Go from Here?" In 2008, Franklin endorsed presidential candidate Barack Obama.

Franklin died at Duke University Medical Center on the morning of March 25, 2009.

In 1991, Franklin's students honored him with a festschrift "The Facts of Reconstruction: Essays in Honor of John Hope Franklin" (edited by Eric Anderson & Alfred A. Moss, Jr. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, c1991).

Franklin served as president of the American Historical Association (1979), the American Studies Association (1967), the Southern Historical Association (1970), and the Organization of American Historians (1975). He was a member of the board of trustees at Fisk University, the Chicago Public Library, and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra Association.

Franklin was elected as a foundation member of Fisk's new chapter of Phi Beta Kappa in 1953, when Fisk became the first historically black college to have a chapter of the honor society. In 1973–1976, he served as President of the United Chapters of Phi Beta Kappa.

Additionally, Franklin was appointed to serve on national commissions, including the National Council on the Humanities, the President's Advisory Commission on Ambassadorial Appointments, and One America: The President's Initiative on Race.

Franklin was a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity. He was an early beneficiary of the fraternity's Foundation Publishers, which provides financial support and fellowship for writers addressing African-American issues.

In 1962, honored as an outstanding historian, Franklin became the first black member of the exclusive Cosmos Club in Washington, D.C.

The John Hope Franklin Research Center for African and African American History and Culture resides at Duke University's David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library and contains his personal and professional papers. The archive is one of three academic units named after Franklin at Duke. The others are the John Hope Franklin Center for Interdisciplinary and International Studies, which opened in February 2001 and the Franklin Humanities Institute. Franklin had previously rejected Duke's offer to name a center for African-American Studies after him, saying that he was a historian of America and the world, too.

In 1975, he was awarded the St. Louis Literary Award from the Saint Louis University Library Associates.

In 1975, Franklin was awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws (LL.D.) degree from Whittier College.

In 1978, he was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame.

In 1994, the Society of American Historians (founded by Allan Nevins and other historians to encourage literary distinction in the writing of history) awarded Franklin its Bruce Catton Prize for Lifetime Achievement.

In 1995, he was awarded the Spingarn Medal from the NAACP.

In 1995, President Clinton awarded Franklin the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor. The President's remarks upon presentation of the medal cited Franklin's lifelong work as a teacher and a student of history, seeking to bring about better understanding regarding relations between whites and blacks in modern times.

In 1995, he received the Chicago History Museum "Making History Award" for Distinction in Historical Scholarship.

In 1997, Franklin was selected to receive the Peggy V. Helmerich Distinguished Author Award, a career literary award given annually by the Tulsa Library Trust. Franklin was the first (and so far only) native Oklahoman to receive the award. During his visit to Tulsa to accept the award, Franklin made several appearances to speak about his childhood experiences with racial segregation, as well as his father's experiences as a lawyer in the aftermath of the 1921 Tulsa race riot.

In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante included Franklin on his list of 100 Greatest African Americans.

Oklahoma Governor Brad Henry presented the Governor's Arts Award to Dr. Franklin in 2004.

In 2005, Franklin received the North Caroliniana Society Award for "long and distinguished service in the encouragement, production, enhancement, promotion, and preservation of North Caroliniana."

On May 20, 2006, Franklin was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Humane Letters at Lafayette College's 171st Commencement Exercises.

On November 15, 2006, John Hope Franklin was announced as the third recipient of the John W. Kluge Prize for lifetime achievement in the study of humanity. He shared the prize with Yu Ying-shih.

On October 27, 2010, the City of Tulsa renamed Reconciliation Park, established to commemorate the victims of the Tulsa Race Riot of 1921, as John Hope Franklin Reconciliation Park in his honor. It includes a 27-foot bronze entitled "Tower of Reconciliation" by sculptor Ed Dwight, expressing the long history of Africans in Oklahoma.

Franklin married Aurelia Whittington on June 11, 1940. She was a librarian. Their only child, John Whittington Franklin, was born August 24, 1952. Their marriage lasted 59 years, until January 27, 1999, when Aurelia succumbed to a long illness.

. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday, 1963; 2nd edn. Washington, DC: National Archives and Records Administration, 1993.

Specific references:

General references:



</doc>
<doc id="2955345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2955345" title="Robert Crichton (novelist)">
Robert Crichton (novelist)

Robert Crichton (January 29, 1925 – March 23, 1993) was an American novelist.

Crichton was born in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and grew up in Bronxville, New York. Robert Crichton's father, Kyle Crichton, was a writer/editor at Collier's magazine with experience as a coal miner and steel worker; he wrote novels and biographies (including a biography of the Marx Brothers) and also wrote for The New Masses and the Daily Worker under the name Robert Forsythe, publishing a collection of articles that was entitled "Redder Than the Rose".

Crichton joined the army and served in the infantry during World War II, and was wounded during the Battle of the Bulge in 1944. Before returning to the States, he ran an ice cream factory on the outskirts of Paris; it was, he said, his "decompression chamber". He attended Harvard University on the GI Bill and was a member of the famed class of 1950.

Robert Crichton's first book, "The Great Impostor", published in 1959, was the true, if picaresque, story of Fred Demara, an impostor who successfully assumed scores of guises including serving as a Trappist monk, a Texas prison warden and a practicing surgeon in the Royal Canadian Navy. The book was a bestseller and adapted into a successful 1961 film with Tony Curtis in the starring role. Crichton's second book, "The Rascal and the Road," was a memoir about his escapades with Demara.

The non-fiction books were "hack-work", he said, written to support a growing family. In 1966, he published his first novel, "The Secret of Santa Vittoria". The "New York Times" critic Orville Prescott wrote: "If I had my way the publication of Robert Crichton's brilliant novel...would be celebrated with fanfares of trumpets, with the display of banners and with festivals in the streets." The book was on the "New York Times" bestseller list for over 50 weeks, spending 18 of them at the top of the list, and became an international bestseller. Set in an Italian hill-town and telling the story of local resistance to the Nazis during World War II, the novel was adapted into a Golden Globe winning film of the same name in 1969.

Crichton's second and last novel, "The Camerons", published by Knopf in 1972, was drawn from the lives of his great grandparents, a Scottish coal mining family. It too was a bestseller. He had intended to write a sequel, but the work was never completed.

Among countless magazine articles, he was best known for an essay "Our Air War," about Frank Harvey's book, "Air War: Vietnam" published by "The New York Review of Books", in 1968.

Crichton died in 1993 in New Rochelle, New York, at the age of 68.

Crichton was married to Judy Crichton, the first woman documentary producer at "CBS Reports", CBS's documentary unit, and the founding executive producer of the PBS historical documentary series, "The American Experience". They had four children: Sarah Crichton, publisher and writer; Rob Crichton, lawyer; Jennifer Crichton, teacher and writer. Susan Crichton is deceased.

A brother, Andrew S. Crichton, was a senior editor at Sports Illustrated from its founding in 1954 until 1976. A nephew, Kyle Crichton, is an editor on the Foreign Desk of "The New York Times".



</doc>
<doc id="2956056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2956056" title="Burton Pike">
Burton Pike

Burton Pike (born June 12, 1930) is a translator of Robert Musil, as well as a distinguished professor emeritus of comparative literature and Germanic languages and literature at the CUNY Graduate Center. He did his undergraduate studies at Haverford College and received his PhD from Harvard University. He has taught at the University of Hamburg, Cornell University, and Queens College and Hunter College of the City University of New York. He has also been a visiting professor at Yale University.

Burton Pike is a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, a fellowship from the American Council of Learned Societies, and a Fulbright fellowship. He was awarded the Medal of Merit by the City of Klagenfurt, Austria, for his work on Robert Musil. He was a finalist and received a special citation for the PEN/Book-of-the-Month Club Translation Prize for editing and co-translating Musil's "The Man Without Qualities". He is the winner of the 2012 Helen and Kurt Wolff Translator's Prize for Gerhard Meier's "Isle of the Dead".

Books


Translations



</doc>
<doc id="2967265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2967265" title="Arturo Rosenblueth">
Arturo Rosenblueth

Arturo Rosenblueth Stearns (October 2, 1900 – September 20, 1970) was a Mexican researcher, physician and physiologist, who is known as one of the pioneers of cybernetics.

Rosenblueth was born in 1900 in Ciudad Guerrero, Chihuahua. He began his studies in Mexico City, then traveled to Berlin and Paris where he obtained his medical degree. Returning to Mexico city in 1927, he engaged in teaching and research in physiology. In 1930 he obtained a Guggenheim Scholarship and moved to Harvard University, to the department of Physiology, then directed by Walter Cannon. With Cannon he explored the chemical mediation of homeostasis. Rosenblueth cowrote research papers with both Cannon and Norbert Wiener, pioneer of cybernetics. Rosenblueth was an influential member of the core group at the Macy Conferences.

In 1944, Rosenblueth became professor of physiology at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. Eventually he became head of the Physiology Laboratory of the National Institute of Cardiology, head of the Physiology Department and, in 1961, director of the Center for Scientific Research and Advanced Studies (Cinvestav) at the National Polytechnic Institute.

Between 1947 and 1949, and again between 1951 and 1952, using grants from the Rockefeller Foundation, he returned to Harvard to further collaborate with Wiener.

Arturo Rosenblueth died September 20, 1970, in Mexico City.

Since the 1930s Rosenblueth worked with Cannon on issues related with Chemical transmission among nervous elements. Between 1931 and 1945 he worked with several specialists, among them Cannon, del Pozo, H.G. Schwartz, and Norbert Wiener. With Wiener and Julian Bigelow he wrote "Behavior, Purpose and Teleology", which, according to Wiener himself, set the bases for the new science of Cybernetics.

In his 1943 cybernetic classification "Behavior, Purpose and Teleology", purpose is a behavior subclass. Behavior is active or passive and active behavior is purposeful or random. Active purposeful behavior is then either feedback teleological on non-teleological. Negative feedback is important to guide the positive goal route. Purposeful teleological feedback helps guide the predictive behavior orders. Teleology is feedback controlled purpose.

Rosenblueth's classification system was criticized and the need for an external observability to the purposeful behavior was established to validate the behavior and goal-attainment. The purpose of observing and observed systems is respectively distinguished by the system's subjective autonomy and objective control.

He devoted himself to the fields of nervous impulse transmissions, neuromuscular transmission, synaptic transmission, the propagation of impulses in the heart, the control of blood circulation, and the physiology of brain cortex. However he also taught several courses of mathematics and even musicology.

- "The Role of Models in Science," with Norbert Wiener
- "The Role of Models in Science," with Norbert Wiener



</doc>
<doc id="2967870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2967870" title="Sir Henry Norman, 1st Baronet">
Sir Henry Norman, 1st Baronet

Sir Henry Norman, 1st Baronet (19 September 18584 June 1939) was an English journalist and Liberal politician. Norman was educated privately in France and at Harvard University, where he obtained his B.A. For several years he worked on the editorial staff of the "Pall Mall Gazette" and later joined the editorial staff of the "News Chronicle", being appointed Assistant Editor of the latter in 1895. He retired from journalism in 1899. During this time he travelled widely in Canada and the United States and in Russia, Japan, China, Siam, Malaya and Central Asia. Much of the material included in the two volumes mentioned in the description was amassed during these tours. He was knighted in 1906 and made a baronet in 1915.

Norman was born in Leicester, the son of Henry Norman, a merchant and local radical politician. Norman was educated at Leicester Collegiate School and Grove House School and later studied theology and philosophy at Leipzig and Harvard University. His family were Unitarians in religion and Norman first embarked in a career as a preacher but he gave up this calling and his religion on his return to England.

In 1891 he married author Ménie Muriel Dowie (1867–1945) but they divorced in 1903 on the grounds of her adultery with a family friend, Edward Arthur Fitzgerald. Norman was awarded custody of their son Henry Nigel St Valery Norman who was born in 1897.

In 1907 he married Florence Priscilla McLaren (1884–1964), the daughter of the wealthy industrialist and Liberal MP, Sir Charles Benjamin Bright McLaren, later Lord Aberconway. They had three children.

In 1922 he purchased Ramster Hall, Chiddingfold, Guildford, Surrey with Lady Norman.

Norman became a journalist working for the "Pall Mall Gazette" and the "New York Times." As a journalist he was famous for uncovering the truth behind the Dreyfuss Affair. He was on the staff of the "Daily Chronicle" from 1892, becoming assistant editor. Norman travelled extensively in the East, where he took a number of photographs that are held at Cambridge University. Later he founded and edited the magazine "The World's Work" (vols 1-42 1902-1923).

He was appointed Assistant Postmaster-General in 1910 and his interest in international communications led to a number of appointments related to wireless and telegraphy, among them Chairman of the War Office Committee on Wireless Telegraphy 1912, and Chairman of the Imperial Wireless Telegraphy Committee of 1920, the latter convened to draw up a complete wireless scheme for the Empire. He was an early advocate of wireless broadcasting, opening the All British Wireless Exhibition at the Royal Horticultural Hall, Westminster in 1922 at which he predicted the ubiquitous uptake, to a very sceptical press, of the technology into all homes.

In other business, Norman was a director of a number of companies connected to the coal mining and iron trades industries.

Norman was a Liberal Member of Parliament for Wolverhampton South from 1900 to 1910, and for Blackburn from 1910 to 1923. He was an advocate for a number of causes, notably women's suffrage. He was created Baronet of Honeyhanger in the Parish of Shottermill in the County of Surrey, in 1915. In 1918, he was admitted to the Privy Council. In January 1910, he was appointed Assistant Postmaster General, a position which fitted well with his interests in wireless communications. He sat on the War Office Committee on Wireless Telegraphy in 1912. In 1914, he became the first President of the Derby Wireless Club, founded in 1911. He was Chairman of the Imperial Wireless Telegraphy Committee from 1919, (The Norman Committee), which recommended wireless communications covering a range of 2,000 miles. He contributed to government committees including chairing a Select Committee on Patent Medicines (specifically advertisements for them and fraudulent claims), on rent restrictions, on betting duty and on industrial paints. He championed the rights and regulation of motorists in the House of Commons even though he had himself been fined for speeding (30 mph) under a scheme he himself had advocated to the Royal Commission. Norman was appointed a Justice of the Peace for Surrey.





</doc>
<doc id="2967896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2967896" title="David Susskind">
David Susskind

David Howard Susskind (December 19, 1920 – February 22, 1987) was an American producer of TV, movies, and stage plays and also a TV talk show host. His talk shows were innovative in the genre and addressed timely, controversial topics beyond the scope of others of the day.

Susskind was born to a Jewish family of modest means in Manhattan, and grew up in Brookline, Massachusetts. He graduated from Brookline High School in 1938. He attended the University of Wisconsin–Madison and then Harvard University, graduating with honors in 1942. He served during World War II and, as communications officer on an attack transport, USS "Mellette", saw action at Iwo Jima and Okinawa.

His first job after the war was as a press agent for Warner Brothers. Next he was a talent agent for Century Artists, ultimately ending up in the powerhouse Music Corporation of America's newly minted television programming department, managing Dinah Shore, Jerry Lewis, and others. In New York, Susskind formed Talent Associates, representing creators of material rather than performers. Ultimately, Susskind produced movies, stage plays and television programs.

In 1954, Susskind became producer of the NBC legal drama "Justice", based on case files of the Legal Aid Society of New York. His program, "Open End", began in 1958 on New York City's commercial independent station WNTA-TV, channel 13, the predecessor to WNET, and was appropriately titled: the program continued until Susskind or his guests were too tired to continue.

In 1961, "Open End" was constrained to two hours and went into national syndication. The show was retitled "The David Susskind Show" for its telecast on Sunday night, October 2, 1966. In the 1960s it was the first nationally broadcast television talk show to feature people speaking out against American involvement in the Vietnam War. In the 1970s it was the first nationally broadcast television talk show to feature people speaking out for gay rights. The show continued until its New York outlet cancelled it in 1986, approximately six months before Susskind died.

During his almost three decade run, Susskind covered many controversial topics of the day, such as race relations, transsexualism and the Vietnam War. His interview of Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, which aired in October 1960, during the height of the Cold War, generated national attention. It is one of the very few talk show telecasts from the era that was preserved and can be viewed today.

In 1961, Susskind conducted a series of interviews with former President Harry Truman in Truman's hometown of Independence, Missouri. After picking Truman up at his home to take him to the Truman Presidential Library for the interviews over a number of days, Susskind asked Truman why he hadn't been invited into the home. According to presidential historian Michael Beschloss, Truman flatly told Susskind, "This is Bess's house" and that there had never been nor would there ever be a Jewish guest in there.

Joyce Davidson, with whom Susskind was in a relationship, began working as a co-producer of a television talk show Susskind hosted locally in New York called "Hot Line" in June 1964. It was a different show from the "Open End" talk show. "Hot Line" was the first television show to use the recently invented ten-second broadcast delay. This gave the control room time to delete material deemed unfit for broadcast, especially from telephone call-ins. Davidson had a hand in the on-air version of the show and among other duties screened viewer phone calls. She also made the first approach to some of the people who appeared as guests on "Hot Line", including Malcolm X, whom she invited for "Hot Line" immediately after he gave a speech at The Town Hall.

Notwithstanding a perhaps courageous willingness to present challenging political issues of his times to audiences, a thorough analysis of his editorial perspective would be incomplete without considering recently unearthed film footage of Susskind's 1968 appearance on The Eamonn Andrews Show, when he excoriated Muhammad Ali with withering criticism for refusing to be conscripted into the U.S. military for the Vietnam War.

Susskind was also a noted producer, with scores of movies, plays, and TV programs to his credit. His legacy is that of a producer of intelligent material at a time when TV had left its golden years behind and had firmly planted its feet in programming which had wide appeal, whether or not it was worth watching. Among other projects, he produced television adaptations of "Beyond This Place" (1957), "The Bridge of San Luis Rey" (1958), "The Moon and Sixpence" (1960), "Ages of Man" (1966), "Death of a Salesman" (also 1966), "Look Homeward, Angel" (1972), "The Glass Menagerie" (1973), and "Caesar and Cleopatra" (1976); the television films "Truman at Potsdam" (1976), "Eleanor and Franklin" (1976), and "" (1977); and the feature films "A Raisin in the Sun" (1961), "Loving Couples" (1980). In 1964, he produced Craig Stevens's acclaimed CBS drama "Mr. Broadway", which left the air after thirteen episodes. He also produced and owned all the rights to the 1961 fourteen-episode macabre CBS TV series – "Way Out". His production company, Talent Associates, also produced "Get Smart".

Susskind was married twice. Both of his marriages ended in divorce. In 1939, he married Phyllis Briskin; they had three children: Diana Susskind Laptook, Pamela Susskind Schaenen, and Andrew Susskind. They divorced in 1966. In the same year he married Joyce Davidson, who had two daughters from a prior marriage, Connie and Shelley. They had a daughter, Samantha Maria Susskind Mannion. They divorced in 1986.

Susskind was first cousin to television writer and producer Norman Lear. He is survived by his sister, Dorothy Barron, and brother, Murray.

In 1987 at the age of 66, Susskind suffered a fatal heart attack in New York City. He was interred at Westchester Hills Cemetery in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York.

In 1988, Susskind was inducted into the Television Hall of Fame.




</doc>
<doc id="2968116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2968116" title="Keith H. Basso">
Keith H. Basso

Keith Hamilton Basso (March 15, 1940 – August 4, 2013) was a cultural and linguistic anthropologist noted for his study of the Western Apaches, specifically those from the community of Cibecue, Arizona. Basso was professor emeritus of anthropology at the University of New Mexico and earlier taught at the University of Arizona and Yale University.

After first studying Apache culture in 1959, Basso completed a bachelor's degree at Harvard University (B.A., 1962) and then took the doctorate at Stanford University (Ph.D., 1967). He was the son of novelist Hamilton Basso.

Basso was awarded the Victor Turner Prize for Ethnographic Writing in 1997 for his ethnography, "Wisdom Sits in Places: Landscape and Language Among the Western Apache". The work was also the 1996 Western States Book Award Winner in Creative Nonfiction. In this ethnography, Basso expressed his hope that anthropologists will spend more time investigating how places and spaces are perceived and experienced; for human relationships to geographical places are rich, deeply felt, and profoundly telling. 

Basso died from cancer on August 4, 2013, at the age of 73, in Phoenix, Arizona.




</doc>
<doc id="2970169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2970169" title="Greg Sandow">
Greg Sandow

Greg Sandow (born June 3, 1943) is an American music critic and composer.

Sandow is a graduate of Harvard University, with a bachelor's degree in government. He is also a graduate of Yale University, with a master's degree in composition.

For many years, Sandow was best known as a critic, both of classical music and pop. As a critic, Sandow wrote for "The Village Voice" in the 1980s. His column was on new classical music, though he also wrote about the mainstream repertory, typically challenging traditional assumptions about its function and its meaning. In recent years his writing has appeared in the "New York Times Book Review", "Opera News", and the "Wall Street Journal", where for a long time he was a regular contributor. In pop music, he became chief pop critic of the "Los Angeles Herald-Examiner" in 1988, and in 1990 joined the staff of "Entertainment Weekly", which had just begun publication, and where he served first as music critic and then as senior music editor.

During his years as a critic, Sandow abandoned composition, but later resumed it. His works include four operas, one based on "Frankenstein", music from which he incorporated into an orchestra piece, "A Frankenstein Overture," which has been performed by the Pittsburgh Symphony and the South Dakota Symphony. Others who have performed his work include the Fine Arts Quartet, the St. Luke's Chamber Ensemble, and the pianist Jenny Lin.

Sandow has made public appearances throughout the United States and also abroad, and has also done consulting work and other special projects with classical music institutions, including the Cleveland Orchestra, the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and the New York Philharmonic. Since 1997 he has taught at the Juilliard School as a member of the Graduate Studies Faculty, and from 2006 to 2009 also taught at the Eastman School of Music, where he gave the commencement address in 2008. He blogs about the future of classical music on the ArtsJournal.com website.

Sandow has also extensively written and researched unidentified flying objects, notably for the "International UFO Reporter", a quarterly publication of the Center for UFO Studies.

Sandow is married to Anne Midgette, herself a former classical music reviewer for "The New York Times" and now chief classical music critic for "The Washington Post". Sandow dedicated his "Quartet for Anne" to his wife. They live in Washington, D.C., and Warwick, New York. They have one child, Rafael Aron Sandow, born October 15, 2011.



</doc>
<doc id="2979286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2979286" title="Peter Bearman">
Peter Bearman

Peter Shawn Bearman (born 1956) is an American sociologist, notable for his contributions to the fields of adolescent health, research design, structural analysis, textual analysis, oral history and social networks. He is the Jonathan R. Cole Professor of Social Science in the Department of Sociology at Columbia University, the President of the American Assembly at Columbia University, as well as the director of the Interdisciplinary Center for Innovative Theory and Empirics (INCITE). He is also the founding director of the Institute for Social and Economic Research and Policy, and co-founding director of Columbia's Oral History Master of Arts Program, the first oral history masters program in the country. He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2008, a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2014, a Guggenheim Fellow in 2016, and a member of the National Academy of Medicine in 2019.

Bearman received his B.A. in sociology from Brown University in 1978, "magna cum laude", and his M.A. (1982) and Ph.D. (1985) in sociology from Harvard University.

After receiving his PhD, he was a lecturer at Harvard, before joining the sociology department at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. There he moved from assistant professor to full professor by 1996, before moving to Columbia University in 1997. At Columbia, Bearman was chair of the department of sociology from 2001-2005 and chair of the department of statistics from 2007-2008. Between 2002 and 2003, he was a visiting professor at the University of Genoa, Italy, the University of Munich. He has chaired 50 doctoral dissertations.

Bearman was the founding director of the Institute for Social and Economic Research and Policy, and is currently the director of INCITE, the Interdisciplinary Center for Innovative Theory and Empirics at Columbia University. He was also co-founding director of Columbia's Oral History Master of Arts program and co-founding director of the Global Health Research Center in Central Asia.

He is currently co-editor of the Oral History Series and the Middle Range Series, both published by Columbia University Press. He has also been on the editorial board of several scholarly journals, including the American Journal of Sociology, Social Forces, and Sociological Theory.

Bearman, along with J. Richard Udry, designed the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (Add Health), currently the only nationally-representative study of adolescent sexuality in the United States, which has yielded over a thousand published research articles and received the 2016 Golden Goose Award.

From these data, Bearman has published seminal articles on the sexual network, virginity pledges, same sex attraction, and adolescent suicidality. He is widely credited with bringing social network analysis methods to the demographic and population research community. He also introduced social network approaches to social sequence analysis through the concept of narrative networks. Bearman currently directs the Robert Wood Johnson Program in population health at Columbia University. He has received major grants and contracts from the National Science Foundation, the American Legacy Foundation, the Office of Population Affairs National Institutes of Health, the National Institute of Child Health and Development, The Andrew Mellon Foundation, the Russell Sage Foundation, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, and the Rockefeller Foundation, totaling over $20,000,000.

With co-authors Katherine Stovel, and James Moody, Bearman received the A Roger V. Gould Prize in 2004 for his article "“Chains of Affection: The Structure of Adolescent Romantic and Sexual Networks.”" The editorial board of the American Journal of Sociology selects one article published in the journal for a two-year period. They award the prize to an article that is "empirically rigorous, theoretically grounded, and lucidly written."

In 2007, Bearman was awarded the National Institute of Health (NIH) Director's Pioneer Award to investigated the social determinants of the autism epidemic.

Bearman is the author of "Doormen" (University of Chicago Press, 2005), an ethnographic study of doormen in New York City, and is the co-author of "Working for Respect: Community and Conflict at Walmart" with Adam Reich (Columbia University Press, 2018). He is also co-editor of "After the Fall", an oral history documenting New Yorkers' recollections of the September 11 attacks, as well as "Robert Rauschenberg: An Oral History", which is to be published in 2019.


Reviewed in: "European Sociological Review (Symposium), JASS, Philosophy of the Social Sciences, Revista, Sociologica, Acta Sociological, Contemporary Sociology"

The most recent among his 60+ peer-reviewed articles are:

2018     Zerubavel, Noam, Mark Hoffman, Adam Reich, Kevin Ochsner and Peter Bearman*. Neural Precursors of Future Liking and its Mutual Reciprocation. "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences." <nowiki>https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1802176115</nowiki>. 29632195 (PubMed)

2018     Balian, Hrag and Peter Bearman*. Pathways to Violence: Dynamics for the Continuation of Large-Scale Conflict. "Sociological Theory". 36 (2), 210-220

2018     Hoffman, Mark, JP Cointet, Phiipp Brandt, Newton E. Key, and Peter Bearman*. The (Protestant) Bible, the (Printed) Sermon, and the Word(s): The Semantic Structure of the Conformist and Dissenting Bible, 1660-1780. "Poetics." Volume 68, June 2018, Pages 89–103 (American Sociological Association Religion Section Distinguished Article Award, 2018)

2018     Bearman, Peter. Not"es" for Heuristics of Discovery. "Sociologica." 12 (1), 13-19

2017 

2016 

2016 

2015 

2015 

2015 

2015 

2015 

2015 

2015 

2014 Kissin, DM*, Yujia Zhang, Christine Fountain, Peter Bearman and LA. Schieve. Association of Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) Treatment and Parental Infertility Diagnosis With Autism in ART-Conceived Children”. "Human Reproduction". 30(2):454-65

2013 Hagen, Ryan, Kinga Makovi, and Peter Bearman* “The Influence of Political Dynamics on Southern Lynch Mob Formation and Lethality. "Social forces 92 (2), 757-787."

2013 King, Marissa, Connor Essick, Peter Bearman*, and Joseph S. Ross. "Medical school gift restriction policies and physician prescribing of newly marketed psychotropic medications: difference-in-differences analysis." "BMJ: British Medical Journal" 346 (2013).

2013 Bearman. Peter*. “Genes Can Point to Environments That Matter to Advance Public Health. "American Journal of Public Health": October 2013, Vol. 103, No. S1, pp. S11-S13.

2013 Hansen, Helena*, Zoe Donaldson, Bruce Link, Peter Bearman et al. “Independent Review Of Social And Population Variation In Mental Health Could Improve Diagnosis In DSM Revisions”.” "Health Affairs". 32, NO. 5

2012 

2012 

2012 

2012 Fountain, Christine, Alix Winter, and Peter S. Bearman*. “Dynamic Trajectories of Children with Autism.” "Pediatrics". 129(5):e111-e112

2012 Bearman, Peter. “On analytical sociology.” Sociologica. 6.1.

2011 Cheslack-Postava, Keely, Kayuet Liu, and Peter S. Bearman*. “Closely Spaced Pregnancies are Associated with Increased Odds of Autism in Sibling Births.” "Pediatrics". 127(2): 246-253.

2011 Fountain, Christine and Peter Bearman*. “Risk as Social Context: Immigration Policy and Autism in California.” "Sociological Forum". 26(2): 215-240.

2011 Keyes, Kerry, Ezra Susser, Keely Cheslak-Postava, Christine Fountain, Ka-Yuet Liu, Soumya Mazumdar, and Peter Bearman*. “Age, Period, and Cohort Effects in Autism Incidence in California from 1994 to 2005.” "International Journal of Epidemiology". 2011; doi: 10.1093/ije/dyr193

2011 King, Marissa D. and Peter S. Bearman*. “Socioeconomic Status and the Increased Prevalence of Autism in California.” "American Sociological Review". 76(2): 320-346.

2010 Fountain, Christine, Marissa D. King, and Peter S. Bearman*. “Age of Diagnosis for Autism: Individual and Community Factors across 10 Birth Cohorts.” "Journal of Epidemiology and Community Health". 65(6): 503-510.

2010 Shwed, Uri* and Peter S. Bearman*. “The Temporal Structure of Scientific Consensus Formation.” "American Sociological Review". 75(6): 817-840.

"(Best Article, ISS Paper Competition, 2010-12)"





</doc>
<doc id="2983474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2983474" title="Paul Wylie">
Paul Wylie

Paul Stanton Wylie (born October 28, 1964) is an American figure skater, and a 1992 Olympic silver medalist.

Paul Stanton Wylie was born on October 28, 1964 in Dallas, Texas to Bob Wylie (a geophysicist) and B.L. Wylie (a realtor) — the youngest of three children. In Dallas, he attended St. Mark's School of Texas. When he was eleven, his family moved to Denver, Colorado, where he focused increasingly on skating and graduated from Colorado Academy.

Wylie attended Harvard University and graduated in 1991 with a degree in government. After competing in the 1992 Winter Olympics, as he planned, he retired from amateur competition and began his professional skating career. It was his intention to tour for a few years and then go to law school. He was admitted to law school, but deferred attendance for a few years. He ended up skating professionally for six years before retiring. He then returned to Harvard — but to the Business School, rather than the Law School. He earned an MBA from Harvard Business School in 2000. He then worked for two years in marketing with The Walt Disney Company.

On August 14, 1999, Wylie married Kate Presbrey, a Cape Cod native and former Brown University Division 1 hockey player. They have three children, Hannah, Emma and Caleb. The family divides their time between Hyannis, Massachusetts and Charlotte, North Carolina, where Wylie previously worked with the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association as director of the "Dare to be a Daniel" program. Wylie currently runs High Gear Travel, a sports-related travel agency, and coaches figure skaters at the Extreme Ice Center in Indian Trail, North Carolina, owned by Tom Logano, father of NASCAR star Joey Logano, whose sister Danielle is also a coach.

Wylie started skating at the age of three. After moving to Denver, he began to train with Carlo Fassi. Wylie remained with Fassi for nine years, first in Denver and later in Colorado Springs when Fassi relocated to the Broadmoor Skating Club. As a young skater, Wylie additionally worked with John Curry and Robin Cousins, who were also students of Fassi. Cousins lived with the Wylie family while he was training for the 1980 Winter Olympics.

In 1979, Wylie won the novice men's title at the U.S. Championships, and in the 1981 season, he won both the U.S. junior title and the World Junior Championships. At the latter event, he landed his first triple jumps in competition—two triple toe loops.

At the same time, Wylie was competing in pair skating with partner Dana Graham. They won the junior pairs title at the 1980 U.S. nationals. They were coached by John Nicks, commuting to work with him in California. They placed eighth in the senior division at the 1981 U.S. nationals, but then dissolved their partnership when they lost financial sponsorship.

In 1985, wanting to rework some of his technique, Wylie left Fassi and began to train instead with Evy and Mary Scotvold, who were at that time located in Janesville, Wisconsin. Shortly afterwards, they all moved to the Boston area.

Wylie placed second at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships in 1988, 1990, and 1992. He won the silver medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France. The medal was considered a major upset, as Wylie had never finished higher than ninth at the World Figure Skating Championships four years prior, and had skated such a poor performance at the 1992 U.S. Championships that reporters questioned his placement on the Olympic team. The USFSA had even left Wylie off the team for the 1992 World Championships, naming Mark Mitchell in his place.

After the Olympics, Wylie joined the professional skating ranks. He won the 1992 U.S. Open Professional Championship and the 1993 World Professional Figure Skating Championships. Wylie toured with Stars on Ice from 1992 to 1998 before retiring to attend graduate school and work in the corporate world.

After leaving his job at Disney in 2004, Wylie returned to the ice for 22 dates with Stars on Ice. He has also continued his long association with An Evening with Champions, the annual benefit show at Harvard. Wylie has worked as a sports commentator/analyst, most recently for ESPN and Universal Sports.

Wylie was inducted into the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame on January 25, 2008.

While exercising with friends on April 21, 2015, Wylie collapsed and was unresponsive. One of the friends he was training with, Billy Griggs, was certified in CPR and immediately began chest compressions until medical attention arrived on scene. Paramedics administered a defibrillator but were unsuccessful in resuscitating Wylie. After first responders injected his heart with epinephrine, Wylie's heart started again. He was immediately transferred to Charlotte, North Carolina hospital where doctors diagnosed him as having suffered a sudden cardiac arrest. Wylie was put into a medically induced coma and began a treatment known as therapeutic hypothermia in order to cool his brain and body to 90 degrees in order to reduce any possible brain damage.

After two days, Wylie woke up from his coma and was released from the hospital nine days later. He has made a full recovery but continues to wear an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator pacemaker. He had no symptoms of heart disease except for experiencing a few dizzy spells a few days before the incident. Doctors gave Wylie a clean bill of health, saying he had no heart or brain damage.






</doc>
<doc id="2986047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2986047" title="Thomas Gifford">
Thomas Gifford

Thomas Eugene Gifford (May 16, 1937 – October 31, 2000) was a best-selling American author of thriller novels. He was a graduate of Harvard University.

He gained international fame with the crime novel "The Glendower Legacy" and later with the Vatican thriller "The Assassini". The books posited George Washington as a British spy and the Roman Catholic Church as a criminal organization. "The Glendower Legacy" was made into a movie in 1981 under the name "Dirty Tricks".

Gifford also published under the names Dana Clarins and Thomas Maxwell.

He died of cholangiocarcinoma in his home in Dubuque, Iowa, on Halloween 2000.

Won awards at Harvard for creative writing; worked at The Sun Newspaper and The Guthrie; won Putnam's prize for best first novel (The Wind Chill Factor).

From Dubuque, Iowa, after graduating from college he moved to the Twin Cities, Minnesota, where he and his wife, Kari Sandven, had two children (Thomas Eaton, Rachel Claire). Divorced in 1969, he went on to marry Camille D'Ambrose, a local actress. They moved to Los Angeles for a few years, then returned to Orono, MN. Novels continued to flow from his fountain pen through the years. Gifford eventually moved to New York—a city he loved whose people were of infinite importance to him. In 1996, he turned his attention to renovating his childhood home in Dubuque, spending more time in Iowa than New York during his last years. He embraced the community of Dubuque, as they embraced their prodigal son. Featured in the Dubuque Telegraph Herald, Gifford recounted his every day occurrences, from learning the pleasure of getting a dog (Katie Maxwell, the Scottie) to peeves and pleasures of the town. Diagnosed with terminal cancer in February 2000, Gifford spent his remaining months reading, watching old movies, and chatting with friends and family. He died on October 31, 2000.

Gifford lived life large, had friends throughout the world, and lived life by his favorite credo—we're not here for a long time; we're here for a good time.





</doc>
<doc id="2986923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2986923" title="William Davis Taylor">
William Davis Taylor

William Davis Taylor (April 2, 1908 – February 19, 2002) was a newspaper executive who was publisher of the "Boston Globe" from 1955 to 1978. He died on February 19, 2002 in Brookline, Massachusetts. 

Taylor was the third of five family members starting with Charles Taylor who led the paper from the 1870s until, and beyond, its acquisition by the New York Times Company in 1993.


</doc>
<doc id="2988039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2988039" title="Huntington Willard">
Huntington Willard

Huntington Faxon Willard (c.1953- ) is an American geneticist. In 2014, he was named to head the Marine Biological Laboratory, and a professor in human genetics at the University of Chicago. He stepped down from leading the lab in 2017 to return to research. Willard was elected to the National Academy of Medicine in 2016. Earlier, beginning in 2003 he was the Nanaline H. Duke Professor of Genome Sciences, the first Director of the Institute for Genome Sciences and Policy, and Vice Chancellor for Genome Sciences at Duke University Medical Center in Durham, North Carolina.

Willard graduated from the Belmont Hill School in Belmont, Massachusetts in 1971. He received his A.B. degree in biology from Harvard University in 1975 and his Ph.D. from Yale University in 1979. He did a postdoctoral fellowship in medical genetics at Johns Hopkins University from 1979-81.

He then held positions at the University of Toronto from 1982 to 1989, Stanford University from 1989 to 1992, and was Chairman of the Department of Genetics at Case Western Reserve University from 1992 to 2002.

His current research interests include genome sciences and their broad implications for medicine and society, human chromosome structure and function, X-inactivation and mechanisms of gene silencing, and the first reported development of human artificial chromosomes for studies of gene transfer and functional genomics. Studies of the X-chromosome in his laboratory by Carolyn J. Brown led to the discovery of the human XIST gene, the long noncoding RNA associated with the inactive X chromosome.



</doc>
<doc id="2989461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2989461" title="Edward Jay Epstein">
Edward Jay Epstein

Edward Jay Epstein (born 1935) is an American investigative journalist and a former political science professor at Harvard, UCLA, and MIT.

Epstein obtained his degree in Government from Cornell University. One of his professors at Cornell was Vladimir Nabokov, for whom Epstein worked part-time advising the writer on which recently released films he should see. In 1973, he received his Ph.D in government from Harvard University. He did his master's thesis on the search for political truth which later became a top-selling book.

Edward Jay Epstein taught courses at these universities for three years. While a graduate student at Cornell University in 1966, he published the book "Inquest", an influential critique of the Warren Commission probe into the John F. Kennedy assassination. After teaching at Harvard, UCLA, and MIT, Epstein decided to pursue his writing career back in New York City.

In 2017, Edward Jay Epstein was the subject of a documentary, "Hall of Mirrors", directed by the sisters Ena and Ines Talakic.

Epstein wrote three books about the Kennedy assassination, eventually collected in "The Assassination Chronicles: Inquest, Counterplot, and Legend" (1992). His books "Legend" (1978) and "Deception" (1989) drew on interviews with retired CIA Counterintelligence Chief James Jesus Angleton, and his 1982 book "The Rise and Fall of Diamonds" was an exposé of the diamond industry and its economic impact in southern Africa.

In "Have you ever tried to sell a diamond" (1982), Edward Jay Epstein detailed the heavy marketing strategy used by the diamond company De Beers to turn tiny rocks of transparent crystalized carbon into highly-demanded, high-priced mass market items.

In his 1996 book "The Secret History of Armand Hammer", the author revealed, among many other things, how the prolific businesssman laundered money to finance espionage for the Soviets in the 1920s and 1930s.




</doc>
<doc id="2993096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2993096" title="Frederick Boland">
Frederick Boland

Frederick Henry Boland (11 January 1904 – 4 December 1985) was an Irish diplomat who served as the first Irish Ambassador to both the United Kingdom and the United Nations. Boland was married to the painter Frances Kelly and had five children including their daughter, Eavan Boland, who is a leading Irish poet.

Frederick Boland was born on 11 January 1904 at 32 Edenvale Road, Ranelagh to Charlotte (née Nolan Taylor) and Henry Patrick Boland, and they married on in Rathgar. His father was born in Clonmel, while his mother born in Dublin. He was educated at Clongowes Wood College, St Olave's Grammar School, Trinity College and King's Inns, Dublin, where he received his B.A. and LL.B. degrees. Boland married painter Frances Kelly on in the Church of St. Michael, Dún Laoghaire. He also did a degree in Classics at Trinity. He did graduate work at Harvard, University of Chicago and University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1926 to 1928 as a Rockefeller Research Fellow. He received an Honorary LLD degree from the University of Dublin.

Boland was Assistant Secretary of the Department of External Affairs from 1939 to 1946 prior becoming the Secretary, which he held until 1950. In that role, he led negotiations in 1949, which changed Ireland's status from membership of the Commonwealth to that of a Republic. He was privately critical of the manner in which the Taoiseach, John A. Costello, handled the matter, saying that "he has as much notion of diplomacy as I have of astrology."

He served as the first Irish Ambassador to the Court of St James's in London from 1950 to 1956, a move generally attributed to his inability to work harmoniously with Sean MacBride, Minister for External Affairs 1948–51. In 1956, he became Ireland's Ambassador to the United Nations. Boland was the president of the General Assembly of the United Nations on 12 October 1960, when Nikita Khrushchev allegedly took off his shoe and pounded it on his desk.

Then, Boland served as the 21st Chancellor of Trinity College Dublin between 1963 and 1982.



</doc>
<doc id="2993325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2993325" title="Henry M. Sheffer">
Henry M. Sheffer

Henry Maurice Sheffer (September 1, 18821964) was an American logician.

Sheffer was a Polish Jew born in the western Ukraine, who immigrated to the USA in 1892 with his parents and six siblings. He studied at the Boston Latin School before entering Harvard University, learning logic from Josiah Royce, and completing his undergraduate degree in 1905, his master's in 1907, and his Ph.D. in philosophy in 1908.

After holding a postdoctoral position at Harvard, Henry traveled to Europe on a fellowship. Upon returning to the United States, he became an academic nomad, spending one year each at the University of Washington, Cornell, the University of Minnesota, the University of Missouri, and City College of New York. In 1916 he returned to Harvard as a faculty member in the philosophy department. He remained at Harvard until his retirement in 1952. Scanlan (2000) is a study of Sheffer's life and work.

Sheffer proved in 1913 that Boolean algebra could be defined using a single primitive binary operation, "not both . . . and . . .", now abbreviated NAND, or its dual NOR, (in the sense of "neither . . . nor"). Likewise, the propositional calculus could be formulated using a single connective, having the truth table either of the logical NAND, usually symbolized with a vertical line called the Sheffer stroke, or its dual logical NOR (usually symbolized with a vertical arrow or with a dagger symbol). Charles Peirce had also discovered these facts in 1880, but the relevant paper was not published until 1933. Sheffer also proposed axioms formulated solely in terms of his stroke.

Sheffer introduced what is now known as the Sheffer stroke in 1913; it became well known only after its use in the 1925 edition of Whitehead and Russell's "Principia Mathematica". Sheffer's discovery won great praise from Bertrand Russell, who used it extensively to simplify his own logic, in the second edition of his "Principia Mathematica". Because of this comment, Sheffer was something of a mystery man to logicians, especially because Sheffer, who published little in his career, never published the details of this method, only describing it in mimeographed notes and in a brief published abstract. W. V. Quine's "Mathematical Logic" also made much of the Sheffer stroke.

A Sheffer connective, subsequently, is any connective in a logical system that functions analogously: one in terms of which all other possible connectives in the language can be expressed. For example, they have been developed for quantificational and modal logics as well.

Sheffer was a dedicated teacher of mathematical logic. He liked his classes to be small and did not like auditors. When strangers appeared in his classroom, Sheffer would order them to leave, even his colleagues or distinguished guests visiting Harvard. Sheffer was barely five feet tall; he was noted for his wit and vigor, as well as for his nervousness and irritability. Although widely liked, he was quite lonely. He is noted for a quip he spoke at his retirement: "Old professors never die, they just become emeriti." Sheffer is also credited with coining the term "Boolean algebra". Sheffer was briefly married and lived most of his later life in small rooms at a hotel packed with his logic books and vast files of slips of paper he used to jot down his ideas. Unfortunately, Sheffer suffered from severe depression during the last two decades of his life.



</doc>
<doc id="2998901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2998901" title="Henry McHenry">
Henry McHenry

Henry Malcolm McHenry (born May 19, 1944) is a professor of anthropology at the University of California, Davis, specializing in studies of human evolution, the origins of bipedality, and paleoanthropology.

McHenry has published on the comparative relationships among primate fossils. His findings have been featured in scholarly journals, and in publications including "Science", "The New York Times", "Discover" and "National Geographic". McHenry earned bachelor's and master's degrees at UC Davis before earning his Ph.D. at Harvard.

Attempting to explain the evolutionary advent of bipedalism among hominids, McHenry and Peter Rodman have advanced the Efficient Walker theory, based on energetic analysis. The scientists compared the efficiency of chimpanzees walking on two versus four legs, finding two legged locomotion was far more efficient. They concluded bipedalism was selected simply because it allowed for a further range of travel for hominids. As Miocene forests decreased and hominids were forced into the savannas, the scientists reason, bipedalism enabled greater access to resources.

McHenry travels regularly to Africa to extend his knowledge of human origins, focusing his studies on the fossil remains of australopithecines. The best-known of which are the 3.2-million-year-old remains of 'Lucy', discovered in 1974 by Donald Johanson of the Institute for Human Origins. According to McHenry, "The earlier species (Lucy) is more primitive in its skull and teeth, but has human-like body proportions," whereas "the later species, africanus, with more human-like skull and teeth, has the more ape-like body proportions--big arms, small legs."

McHenry has produced over 130 publications, comprising papers, reviews, and contributions to books.

Among the papers which McHenry has written or contributed to are the following:

Among the books which McHenry has written or contributed to are the following: 



</doc>
<doc id="3000311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3000311" title="Alessandra Stanley">
Alessandra Stanley

Alessandra Stanley (born October 3, 1955 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American journalist. As of 2019, she is the co-founder of a weekly newsletter "for worldly cosmopolitans" called "Air Mail", alongside former "Vanity Fair" editor-in-chief Graydon Carter.

She was born in Boston, Massachusetts, and grew up in Washington, D.C., and Europe. She is the daughter of defense adviser to NATO Timothy W. Stanley. She studied literature at Harvard University and then became a correspondent for "Time", working overseas as well as in Los Angeles and in Washington, D.C., where she covered the White House. Stanley then moved to the "New York Times" as a foreign correspondent, first as co-chief of their Moscow bureau, and then Rome bureau chief. In 2003 she became the chief television critic for "The New York Times". She has also written for "The New York Times Magazine", "The New Republic", "GQ" and "Vogue". Stanley lives in New York City with her daughter.

In 1993, Alessandra Stanley received The Matrix Award from Women in Communications, and in 1998, she received the Weintal Prize for Diplomatic Reporting.

Among Stanley's notable columns are her critical take on the series finale of "The Sopranos", her assessment of Jerry Sandusky's denial of charges of pedophilia to NBC and her coverage of Russian television on the eve of the 2012 Russian presidential election.

In the fall of 2011, Stanley taught a class at Princeton University called "Investigative Viewing: The Art of Television Criticism", described as an "intensive introduction to criticism as it is undertaken at the highest level of a cultural institution".

Several news and media organizations, including the "Times", have criticized the accuracy of Stanley's reporting. Among the articles that they have criticized are a September 5, 2005, piece on Hurricane Katrina, a 2005 article that mistakenly called the sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond" "All About Raymond," and a July 18, 2009, retrospective on the career of Walter Cronkite that contained errors. In an August 2009 article examining the mistakes in the Cronkite piece, Clark Hoyt, the "Times"s public editor, described Stanley as "much admired by editors for the intellectual heft of her coverage of television" but "with a history of errors". Then executive editor Bill Keller defended Stanley, saying "She is — in my opinion, among others — a brilliant critic". In April 2012, "Salon" contributor Glenn Greenwald described her "New York Times" review of Julian Assange's television debut as "revealing, reckless snideness" and "cowardly".

Stanley, who is Caucasian, wrote a "New York Times" article in September 2014 entitled "Wrought in Rhimes's Image: Viola Davis Plays Shonda Rhimes's Latest Tough Heroine" about television series "How to Get Away with Murder" and the career of its African-American producer, Shonda Rhimes. Stanley wrote, "When Shonda Rhimes writes her autobiography, it should be called 'How to Get Away With Being an Angry Black Woman'" and made comments about African-Americans that were seen as offensive. Stanley's piece, wrote the "Times"'s Public Editor, Margaret Sullivan, "struck many readers as completely off-base. Many called it offensive, while some went further, saying it was racist". Stanley defended her piece, writing in an email message to "Talking Points Memo", "[t]he whole point of the piece -- once you read past the first 140 characters -- is to praise Shonda Rhimes for pushing back so successfully on a tiresome but insidious stereotype". The organization Color of Change called for a retraction from the "Times".

As of 2017, Stanley is no longer employed by the "Times".

Stanley was previously married to Michael Specter. She is friends with "New York Times" columnist Maureen Dowd.


</doc>
<doc id="3003417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3003417" title="David C. Johnson">
David C. Johnson

David C. Johnson (born January 30, 1940 in Batavia, New York) is an American composer, flautist, and performer of live-electronic music.

David Johnson studied, among other places, at Harvard University (M.A. in composition 1964), with Nadia Boulanger in Paris, and at the Cologne Courses for New Music in 1964–1965, 1965–1966, and 1966–1967 .

In 1966–67 he was an independent collaborator at the Electronic Studio of the WDR, where he assisted Karlheinz Stockhausen with the production of his electronic work "Hymnen". He also operated the live-electronics in the first performances of the chamber-orchestra version of Stockhausen's "Mixtur" (1967), and in the Darmstadt collaborative works directed by Stockhausen, "Ensemble" in 1967 and "Musik für ein Haus" in 1968 (; ; ).

In 1968 he was also instructor of electronic music at the Cologne Courses for New Music . From its formation in Cologne in 1968, he collaborated with the group formed by bass guitarist Holger Schüring (later known as Holger Czukay), keyboardist Irmin Schmidt, guitarist Michael Karoli and drummer Jaki Liebezeit in an experimental beat group that would later be known as Can. He left in 1969, disappointed at growing rock influences.

In 1970 he performed in a number of Stockhausen's "process" works ("Spiral", "Pole", "Expo") at the German Pavilion of Expo 70, the Osaka World's Fair (; ). After Osaka, together with Johannes Fritsch and Rolf Gehlhaar, he founded in 1971 the Feedback Studio in Cologne and became a technical collaborator in the Studio for Electronic Music of the Rijksuniversiteit Utrecht.

In the early 1970s, Johnson joined the Oeldorf Group, a musicians' cooperative, with Péter Eötvös, Mesías Maiguashca, Gaby Schumacher (cello) and Joachim Krist (viola), who organized a Summer Night Music series. Performances were held in the barn attached to the group's farmhouse in Oeldorf, near Kürten .

In 1972, with Helmut Lachenmann, he coordinated the Composition Studio at the International Vacation Course for New Music in Darmstadt. He remained Technical Director of the Feedback Studio until 1975, when he moved to Basel to become Director of the Electronic Studio of the Musikakademie there, a post he held until 1985. He now lives in Switzerland.





</doc>
<doc id="3004239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3004239" title="J. B. Jackson">
J. B. Jackson

John Brinckerhoff "Brinck" Jackson, J. B. Jackson, (September 25, 1909, Dinard, France – August 28, 1996, La Cienega, NM) was a writer, publisher, instructor, and sketch artist in landscape design. Herbert Muschamp, architecture critic of the "New York Times," stated that J. B. Jackson was "America's greatest living writer on the forces that have shaped the land this nation occupies." He was influential in broadening the perspective on the "vernacular" landscape.

Born in France to American parents, J. B. Jackson spent his early school years with them in Washington, D.C., and in Europe. At age 14 (1923) he was enrolled at the elite Institut Le Rosey in Rolle, Switzerland, where he became fluent in both French and German. He savored an environment of mountains, meadows, and forests, but also absorbed the human face of the Swiss cities and cantons. He would later draw upon his travels abroad in writings, sketches, and watercolors. He attended preparatory schools in New England and spent summers on his uncle's farm in New Mexico. During the height of his career, Jackson lived just southwest of Santa Fe, New Mexico, near an historic property known as "El Rancho de las Golondrinas" (The Ranch of the Swallows).

Jackson's experiences in college were influential in his approach to the shaping of the landscape. He attended the Experimental College of the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Jackson gained an insight into architecture and planning from the social criticism of Lewis Mumford and Oswald Spengler's revelation in "Decline of the West" that "landscapes reflected the culture of the people that were living there."

In 1929 Jackson entered Harvard. His instructor Irving Babbitt was influential in Jackson's opposition to modernism. Jackson's taste for Baroque style and history began to blossom at this time. He believed that the zest of the Baroque style was the essence of the connection between humankind and nature. While attending Harvard, Jackson wrote articles for the "Harvard Advocate." His career of writing about the landscape began here.

Following graduation from Harvard in 1932, Jackson took courses in architecture, writing, and drawing. Each would later serve as the bases for essays, lectures, and articles for his magazine, "Landscape." He wandered through Europe in 1934 to 1935 studying Baroque style. While in Europe, Jackson began to write articles critical of Nazism and published them in "The American Review" and "Harper's." His interest in politics began to be expressed in his works. During the mid-1930s, Jackson published essays in American literary magazines and a novel, with his photograph that appeared on the cover of a 1938 ‘Saturday Review’. In 1938, his novel, titled "Saints in Summertime," was published. The book revealed the infiltration of Nazism and the soldiers' attraction to energy emanating from power.

After briefly trying his hand at ranching in New Mexico, Jackson enlisted in the army, in 1940. As an officer during war, he studied books to gain insight on the geography of the location. He deciphered code, studied maps, and learned the terrain. He read books by French geographers—Pierre Deffontaines, Paul Vidal de la Blache, and Albert Demangeon. It was at this time that he developed his interpretation that the shaping and devastation of the landscape came from the necessities for human existence. Jackson believed that human history brought about human geography. The landscape was the product of humankind's effort to "recreate heaven on earth". As the war ended, Jackson began to contemplate publishing a magazine of geography.

In the spring of 1951, he published the first issue of "Landscape," with the subtitle "Human Geography of the Southwest;" this was later dropped. Jackson served as the magazine's publisher and editor until 1968. At first, Jackson argued, quite literally, for a lofty – an airborne – view of the world, reveling in the perspective of aerial photographs. But Jackson's work, which dominated the first five issues of the magazine, was grounded in what he would later call the vernacular: an interest in the commonplace or everyday landscape. Jackson expressed an innate confidence in the ability of people of small means to make significant changes in their surroundings. In an opening essay, "The Need of Being Versed in Country Things," Jackson states that "It is from the air that the true relationship between the natural and the human landscape is first clearly revealed. The peaks and canyons lose much of their impressiveness when seen from above. What catches our eye and arouses our interest is not the sandy washes and the naked rocks, but the evidences of man." His writings allowed him to raise questions and present controversial statements especially in reference to humans and their role in shaping the landscape.

Jackson's collected essays have been published in seven books, in addition to "A Sense of Place, a Sense of Time," which won the 1995 PEN prize for essays.

Jackson was influential in the lives of many students, colleagues, admirers, and friends. He taught landscape history courses as adjunct professor at Harvard University's Graduate School of Design beginning in 1969 and at the College of Environmental Design and the Department of Geography at the University of California, Berkeley. He ended teaching classes in the late 1970s. Since then he has given lectures, especially on themes pertaining to urban issues. Jackson states that "We are not spectators; all human landscape is not a work of art." He felt strongly that the purpose of landscape is to provide a place for living and working and leisure.

The Association of American Geographers established a Jackson Prize, to "reward American geographers who write books about the United States which convey the insights of professional geography in language that is interesting and attractive to a lay audience."

As a scholar, historian and writer, John B. Jackson greatly influenced the development and trajectory of contemporary cultural landscape studies in America. In the introduction to "Everyday America: Cultural Landscape Studies after J.B. Jackson" (2003), editors Chris Wilson and Paul Groth note that the term 'cultural landscape' rarely appeared in print prior to the 1950s. But between 1959 and 1990, they note, writers across disciplines have come to realize the importance of the built environment.

"More surprising," they claim, "was the discovery of everyday built spaces as significant evidence of social groups, power relations and culture by historians, American studies scholars, literary critics, and a growing number of anthropologists, sociologists and social theorists." It is a "way of thinking," they continue, with "inherent contradictions and multiple approaches."

The history of landscape study and, more broadly, place and regional studies, illustrates the convergences with some of the histories here, both across discipline and nation.
In the United States a popular fascination with vibrant architecture, communities, and landscapes of everyday America has been expressed by writers ranging from Walt Whitman to Mark Twain, and by painter Winslow Homer through early-twentieth artists of common landscapes. The New Deal writers and painters explored a strong regionalist theme, which was also connected to the architectural and urban criticism of Lewis Mumford. The concern for environmental degradation caused by human activities was another American theme, spurred particularly by the Vermont writer George Perkins Marsh.

Comparison of American trends to cultural landscape studies in other places is illuminating. Wilson and Groth write that German cultural landscape studies were primarily based on scientific categorizations of regions and settlements, with strong cross-disciplinary ties to geology and economic analysis. Historical accounts of landscape influenced British cultural studies, but the study of cultural landscapes also was strongly based on field observation and map interpretations. In France, the emphasis on unique culture and geography shaped the field, especially in ideas of "genre de vie" (ways of life) and "pays" (social regions), ideas that have had particular resonance in American landscape studies. "By World War II," the editors remark, "each French region had its own well-written guidebooks to local physical and social landscapes" (4).

Geographer Carl Sauer, who had studied in Germany and had long tenure as the chair of the Geography department at Berkeley, in 1925 wrote the now classic definition of a cultural landscape: "The cultural landscape is fashioned from the natural landscape by a cultural group. Culture is the agent, the natural area is the medium, and cultural landscape is the result."

"The older I grow and the longer I look at landscapes and seek to understand them, the more convinced I am that their beauty is not simply an aspect but their very essence and that that beauty derives from the human presence."

"Let us hope that the merits and charm of the highway strip are not so obscure but they will be accepted by a wider public."

"The bicycle had, and still has, a humane, almost classical moderation in the kind of pleasure it offers. It is the kind of machine that a Hellenistic Greek might have invented and ridden. It does no violence to our normal reactions: It does not pretend to free us from our normal environment."

"The way a city grows, the direction in which it spreads, is a factor not so much of zoning or real estate activity or land values but of highways."

"Ruins provide the incentive for restoration, and for a return to origins. There has to be an interim of death or rejection before there can be renewal and reform."

Jackson's published works include:


John Brinckerhoff Jackson received the PEN/Diamonstein-Spielvogel Award for the Art of the Essay for "A Sense of Place, a Sense of Time" in 1995.

J.B. Jackson received the Silver Star for exemplary service in WWII.



</doc>
<doc id="3007548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3007548" title="Susan Moller Okin">
Susan Moller Okin

Susan Moller Okin (July 19, 1946 – March 3, 2004) was a liberal feminist political philosopher and author.

Okin was born in 1946 in Auckland, New Zealand. She attended Remuera Primary School and Remuera Intermediate and Epsom Girls' Grammar School, where she was Dux in 1963.

She earned a bachelor's degree from the University of Auckland in 1966, a master of philosophy degree from Oxford in 1970 and a doctorate from Harvard in 1975.

She taught at the University of Auckland, Vassar, Brandeis and Harvard before joining Stanford's faculty.

Okin became the Marta Sutton Weeks Professor of Ethics in Society at Stanford University in 1990.

Okin held a visiting professorship at Harvard University's Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study at the time of her death in 2004.

Okin was found dead in her home in Lincoln, Massachusetts on March 3, 2004. She was 57 years old. The cause of death is still unknown, but authorities do not believe there was any foul play.

Okin, like many liberal feminists of her time, highlighted the many ways in which gender-based discrimination defeats women's aspirations; they defended reforms intended to make social and political equality a reality for women.

In 1979 she published "Women in Western Political Thought", in which she details the history of the perceptions of women in western political philosophy.

Her 1989 book "Justice, Gender and Family" is a critique of modern theories of justice. These theories include the liberalism of John Rawls, the libertarianism of Robert Nozick, and the communitarianism of Alasdair MacIntyre and Michael Walzer. For each theorist's major work she argues that a foundational assumption is incorrect because of a faulty perception of gender or family relations. More broadly, according to Okin, these theorists write from a male perspective that wrongly assumes that the institution of the family is just. She believes that the family perpetuates gender inequalities throughout all of society, particularly because children acquire their values and ideas in the family's sexist setting, then grow up to enact these ideas as adults. If a theory of justice is to be complete, Okin asserts that it must include women and it must address the gender inequalities she believes are prevalent in modern-day families.

Okin discusses two opposing feminist approaches to ending legal sex-based discrimination against women in her 1991 essay "Sexual Difference, Feminism, and the Law". She says that examining the history and current ramifications of sex-based discrimination, and debating the best way to end inequality between the sexes, were prominent topics in that decade of feminist legal theory. Okin contrasts Wendy Kaminer's "A Fearful Freedom", which champions an equal rights approach, backing gender-neutral laws and equal, not special treatment for women, with Deborah Rhode's "Justice and Gender", which argues that an equal rights approach is insufficient to compensate for the past discrimination against women. In Okin's view, a failure to address whether the differences between men and women are founded in biology or culture is a shortcoming of both arguments. The essay concludes with a call to the feminists on both sides to stop fighting against one another, and work together in improving the disadvantaged situations of many women at the time.

In 1993, with Jane Mansbridge, she summarized much of her own and others' work in the article on "Feminism," in Robert E. Goodin and Philip Petit, eds., A Companion to Contemporary Political Philosophy, 269-290, (Oxford: Blackwell, 1993), and the next year, also with Mansbridge, published a two-volume collection of feminist writing, entitled Feminism (schools of thought in politics).[Aldershot, England and Brookfield, Vermont, USA: E. Elgar. ].

In her 1999 essay, later expanded into an anthology, "Is Multiculturalism Bad for Women?" Okin argues that a concern for the preservation of cultural diversity should not overshadow the discriminatory nature of gender roles in many traditional minority cultures, that, at the very least, "culture" should not be used as an excuse for rolling back the women's rights movement.





</doc>
<doc id="3011693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3011693" title="Margaret Boden">
Margaret Boden

Margaret Ann Boden, OBE, ScD, FBA (born 26 November 1936) is a Research Professor of Cognitive Science in the Department of Informatics at the University of Sussex, where her work embraces the fields of artificial intelligence, psychology, philosophy, and cognitive and computer science.

Boden was educated at the City of London School for Girls in the late 1940s and 1950s. At Newnham College, Cambridge, she took first class honours in medical sciences, achieving the highest score across all Natural Sciences. In 1957 she studied the history of modern philosophy at the Cambridge Language Research Unit run by Margaret Masterman.

Boden was appointed lecturer in philosophy at the University of Birmingham in 1959. She became a Harkness Fellow at Harvard University from 1962 to 1964, then returned to Birmingham for a year before moving to a lectureship in philosophy and psychology at Sussex University in 1965, where she was later appointed as Reader then Professor in 1980. She was awarded a PhD in social psychology (specialism: cognitive studies) by Harvard in 1968.

She credits reading "Plans and the Structure of Behavior" by George A. Miller with giving her the realisation that computer programming approaches could be applied to the whole of psychology.

Boden became Dean of the School of Social Sciences in 1985. Two years later she became the founding Dean of the University of Sussex's School of Cognitive and Computing Sciences (COGS), precursor of the university's current Department of Informatics. Since 1997 she has been a Research Professor of Cognitive Science in the Department of Informatics, where her work encompasses the fields of artificial intelligence, psychology, philosophy, and cognitive and computer science.

Boden became a Fellow of the British Academy in 1983 and served as its vice-president from 1989 to 1991. Boden is a member of the editorial board for "The Rutherford Journal".

In 2001 Boden was awarded an OBE for her services in the field of cognitive science. The same year she was also awarded an honorary Doctor of Science from the University of Sussex. She also received an honorary degree from the University of Bristol. A PhD Scholarship that is awarded annually by the Department of Informatics at the University of Sussex was named in her honor.

In October 2014 and January 2015, Boden was interviewed by Jim Al-Khalili on the BBC Radio Four programme "The Life Scientific".

In February 2017, Boden, along with other researchers, participated in a debate organized by the British Academy on the readiness of humans to develop romantic relationships with robots.






</doc>
<doc id="3013073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3013073" title="Nancy D. Griffeth">
Nancy D. Griffeth

Nancy Davis Griffeth (born October 26, 1945) is an American computer scientist notable for approaches to the feature interaction problem. In 2014, she is a professor at Lehman College of The City University of New York and is modelling biological systems in computational biology.

Griffeth was born in Oak Park, Illinois and lived in Laurel, Mississippi and Memphis, Tennessee as a child. She received a bachelor's degree from Harvard University, a master's degree from Michigan State University, and a PhD degree from the University of Chicago.

Griffeth did seminal work in the feature interaction problem as a founding organizer of the feature interaction workshops and co-author of one of the most cited papers in feature interactions, "A Feature Interaction Benchmark for IN and Beyond." 
The feature interaction problem is a software problem that arises when one feature "interacts" with another in such a way that it changes what the feature does. This can cause serious issues for developers and users of the software. The problem was first documented as features were added to telecommunications systems. If new features on a telecommunications network were either undetected or unwanted, they could cause confusion and dissatisfaction among customers if not handled properly.

Griffeth also researched the related problem of how to test networks to see how well they work together, called "interoperability". 
She worked at the "Next Generation Networking Lab" at Lucent Technologies where she designed and built tools to test interoperability of Voice-over-IP networks, which included conformance testing for MeGaCo media gateways and controllers. For this purpose, she also researched how to model protocols.

In addition, she studied virtual node layers regarding Mobile Ad Hoc Networks or MANETs. In the 1990s, she patented methods to protect databases against hackers trying to deduce confidential attributes. Her research has included distributed databases, simulations, concurrency and recovery controls, database design issues, performance modeling, and other issues.

From 2010 to 2014 Griffeth directed workshops on computational biology, funded by the National Science Foundation Expedition in Computing "Computational Modeling and Analysis of Complex Systems." Seventy-eight undergraduate students were trained in computational biology methods and tools and executed research projects on atrial fibrillation and pancreatic cancer.

Griffeth received the "Top 100 Women in Computing" award from McGraw-Hill in 1995 for her work in feature interactions in telecommunications systems, distributed systems, and databases. She received awards in 2007 and 2008 from Cisco Systems for work on ad-hoc networks.

Griffeth married engineer and author Bill Griffeth and is the mother of American rugby athlete Valerie Griffeth, and the professor of mathematics at Chile's University of Talca, Dr. Stephen Griffeth.



</doc>
<doc id="3017107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3017107" title="Solon Toothaker Kimball">
Solon Toothaker Kimball

Solon Toothaker Kimball (August 12, 1909 – October 12, 1982) was a noted educator and anthropologist. Kimball was born and raised in Manhattan, Kansas. He graduated from Kansas State University in 1930, then received a master's degree and Ph.D in social anthropology from Harvard in 1933 and 1936. 

Kimball did groundbreaking anthropology work concerning family and community in rural Ireland (with Conrad Arensberg) and on the Navajo reservation in the American Southwest. Over the years, he was on the faculty of a number of universities, including the University of California, Columbia University, the University of Alabama, and the University of Florida. While in Alabama in the 1950s, Kimball studied social tension arising from racial segregation and found himself labelled an "academic radical."

Kimball was a founding member of the Society for Applied Anthropology, president of the American Ethnological Society, and he was instrumental in the establishment in 1978 of the Zora Neal Hurston Fellowship Award Fund, which honors outstanding African-American graduates in the field of anthropology. Kimball was rewarded for his work with a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1966.

The American Anthropological Association now administers a Solon T. Kimball Award every other year to an anthropologist that effects change in public policy. The Kimball Award was initiated by royalties from "Applied Anthropology in America" (1978), a volume dedicated to Kimball, "who taught that the study of human behavior should be of service to people."



</doc>
<doc id="3019829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3019829" title="Samuel Hubbard Scudder">
Samuel Hubbard Scudder

Samuel Hubbard Scudder (April 13, 1837 – May 17, 1911) was an American entomologist and paleontologist. He was a leading figure in entomology during his lifetime and the founder of insect paleontology in America. In addition to fossil insects, he was an authority on butterflies (Lepidoptera) and grasshoppers (Orthoptera).

Scudder was born on April 13, 1837 in Boston, Massachusetts, the son of Charles Scudder and Sarah Lathrop (Coit) Scudder. His father was a successful merchant and both parents had Puritan roots dating back to the founding of the Massachusetts Bay Colony in the 1620s. He was raised in a strict Calvinist Congregational household. One of his younger brothers, Horace Scudder became a noted author and editor of the "Atlantic Monthly".

Scudder attended Boston Latin School and then enrolled in Williams College in 1853 at the age of sixteen. He studied with naturalist Paul Chadbourne and geologist Ebenezer Emmons. Under their influence, Scudder developed an interest in natural history, especially entomology. He became an ardent collector of butterflies in the nearby Berkshire Hills. By the age of nineteen Scudder was committed to pursuing a career studying insects.

Scudder graduated from Williams in 1847 at the head of his class. He then entered the Lawrence Scientific School at Harvard to study under Louis Agassiz, the most influential scientist in America at the time. After studying with Agassiz for four years he received a B.S. degree in 1862 and then continued to work for Agassiz for another two years. Around this time Darwin's theory of evolution was strongly debated in American scientific circles. Agassiz remained a staunch opponent of evolution while Scudder, after initially siding with Agassiz view came gradually to accept Darwin's theory and build it into his entomological work.

Scudder became a leading figure in American entomology and was especially noted for his work with grasshoppers (Orthoptera), butterflies (Lepidoptera), and insect paleontology. Although he made significant contributions in all these areas, many of his contemporaries felt Scudder was most notable for his study of grasshoppers. He was a world authority on Orthoptera classification, biology, and distribution. In 1862 he wrote his first paper on the topic, describing 115 new species. During his career he wrote 180 papers on grasshoppers and described 106 genera and 630 species. Willis Blatchley said “to him [Scudder] more than to all his predecessors and contemporaries combined is due our present knowledge of the Orthoptera.”

In 1889 Scudder completed his monumental treatise, "Butterflies of the Eastern United States and Canada" incorporating thirty years of work on the physiology, life history, distribution and classification of butterflies. This publication cemented his reputation as a leading lepidopterist of his day and remained a standard and influential work for many years. In addition to numerous scientific papers, Scudder also wrote several popular accounts of butterflies for the general public.
In 1865 Scudder wrote his first paper on fossil insects, "Devonian Insects of New Brunswick". After the Civil War the extensive explorations of the US Geological Survey led to the discovery of many fossil insects. From 1886 to 1892 Scudder was employed as the staff paleontologist to analyze and publish these findings for the USGS. His extensive work was summarized in "The Fossil Insects of North America" (two volumes, 1890) and in 1891 he prepared a valuable index of the fossil insects of the world. Scudder eventually described more than 1100 new species of fossil insects and wrote 122 papers on the subject.

Beginning in 1862, Scudder had a long association with the Boston Society of Natural History where he served in various roles including recording secretary, librarian, custodian, vice president (1874-1880), and president (1880-1887). He also worked as an assistant librarian at Harvard from 1879 to 1882 and held the office of librarian for the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His interest in librarianship and bibliography led him to compile and publish in 1879 a catalog of scientific serials of all countries from 1633 to 1876. He also published "Nomenclator Zoologicus" (1882–1884), a seminal and comprehensive list of all generic names in zoology, including insects.

In other contributions Scudder was co-founder of the Cambridge Entomological Club and its journal "Psyche" (1874); General Secretary of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1875) (Vice-President (1894).); cofounder, editor and guide of the Appalachian Mountain Club (1878); first editor of "Science" magazine (1883–1885); and United States Geological Survey Paleontologist (1886–1892).

In 1867 Scudder married Ethelinda Jane Blatchford who died in 1872. Their only son, Gardner, was close to his father and accompanied him on many of his field trips. Gardner died of tuberculosis in 1896. At about the same time Scudder first showed signs of Parkinson's disease and by 1902 his disability forced him to retire. He gifted his personal insect collections to the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard and his library to the Boston Society of Natural History. He died in Boston on May 17, 1911 after several years of seclusion.

Scudder was a prolific writer, publishing 791 papers between 1858 and 1902. His primary focus was the descriptive taxonomy of insects and insect fossils. He also wrote about insect biogeography and paleobiogeography, insect behavior, ontogeny and phylogeny, insect songs, evolution, and insect biology. In addition to his scientific works, Scudder also wrote several popular books and articles on butterflies. Some of his more notable titles include:




</doc>
<doc id="3021000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3021000" title="Jeremy Kagan">
Jeremy Kagan

Jeremy Paul Kagan (born December 14, 1945) is an American film and television director, screenwriter, and television producer.

Born in Mount Vernon, New York, Kagan received his B.A. from Harvard University in 1967. He went on to attend the newly formed New York University Graduate Institute of Film & Television and was in the first class at the AFI Conservatory.

Kagan's feature film credits include the box-office hit "Heroes" (1977), "The Big Fix" (1978) a political comedy-thriller starring Richard Dreyfuss; "The Chosen" (1981), from the classic book of the same name by Chaim Potok; "The Journey of Natty Gann" (1985), the first American movie ever to win the Gold Prize at the Moscow International Film Festival; the underground comedy "Big Man on Campus" (1989); the cult classic fencing film "By The Sword" (1991); and the hybrid film "Golda's Balcony" (2006), from the hit play of the same name.

He has also been a prolific television director, starting already in 1972 at the age of 26, directing "The Most Crucial Game" (starring Peter Falk, Robert Culp, Valerie Harper, Val Avery, Susan Howard, Dean Stockwell among others), an episode in the second "Columbo" season. 
In 1996, Kagan won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for the "Chicago Hope" episode "Leave of Absence". Other credits include the television movie "", which he also wrote, and "" for which he won the CableACE Award for Best Dramatic Special. Kagan also directed "", which garnered a Golden Globe Award nomination.

Other television films include "The Ballad of Lucy Whipple", "Courage" with Sophia Loren, "Scott Joplin", "Descending Angel" for HBO and for Showtime "Color of Justice", "Bobbie's Girl", and "Crown Heights", about the riots in 1991 which won the Humanitas Award in 2004 for "affirming the dignity of every person." This film also received an NAACP Image Award and the Directors Guild nomination for best family film. Kagan also directed a movie episode of Steven Spielberg's Emmy winning "Taken". He has worked on several other series shows including "The West Wing", "The Guardian", "Resurrection Blvd.", "Picket Fences", "Boomtown" and more.

Kagan produced and directed the ten-part series "The ACLU Freedom Files", in 2006 and 2007 which received a number of awards and was shown on Link TV, Court TV and PBS. Kagan recently made a number of short documentaries and advocacy films for NGOs including The Doe Fund which works with the homeless and formerly incarcerated, and The Democracy School a movement developing local governance, and Bioneers which advances achievements in environmental and social justice.

Kagan is a full tenured professor at the University of Southern California where he teaches the graduate courses in directing and has recently created the Center for Change Making Media which is to become a hub for research and training in advocacy cinematic techniques.

He has served as artistic director at the Robert Redford's Sundance Institute and is on a National Board Member of the Directors Guild of America and chairperson of its Special Projects Committee which provides cultural and educational programs for the 14,000 members. In 2004 he was honored with the Robert Aldrich Award for "extraordinary service to the guild."

Kagan is also the author of the book "Directors Close Up" (Scarecrow, 2006). 0240804066

Kagan lives in Venice, California with his companion Anneke Campbell. She is an author, and was a writer on the series "Freedom Files." His daughter Eve is a graduate of the Harvard Ed School, and is now an actress, writer, and yoga teacher.


</doc>
<doc id="3023571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3023571" title="Nancy Kissinger">
Nancy Kissinger

Nancy Sharon Kissinger (born Maginnes; born April 13, 1934) is an American philanthropist, and the wife of former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. The couple married on March 30, 1974, in Arlington, Virginia.

Kissinger was born in Manhattan and raised in White Plains, New York. Her parents were Agnes (born McKinley) and Albert Bristol Maginnes, a wealthy lawyer. She received a B.A. in history in 1955 from Mount Holyoke College.

She was a long-time aide to New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller before her marriage, recommended to Rockefeller in 1964 by her future husband, then a professor at Harvard, where she was a student. Her first job was as Professor Kissinger's researcher on a Rockefeller task force; she continued working for Rockefeller at the Rockefeller Brothers Fund after the task force finished its work. She later became director of international studies for Rockefeller's Commission on Critical Choices for Americans.



</doc>
<doc id="3023841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3023841" title="Helen Lefkowitz Horowitz">
Helen Lefkowitz Horowitz

Helen Lefkowitz Horowitz (born 1942) is the Sydenham Clark Parsons Professor of American Studies and History, emerita, at Smith College.

The daughter of Rabbi David Lefkowitz, Jr., and Leona Atlas Lefkowitz, she was born and educated in Shreveport, Louisiana, graduating from C. E. Byrd High School in 1959. She received her B.A. from Wellesley College in 1963 and her Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1969. A cultural historian of the U.S., her research ranges over a number of areas, including cultural philanthropy, women, higher education, landscape studies, sexuality, sexual representation, censorship, understandings of mental health and illness, intimate life, tourism, and biography. "Culture and the City" (1974) examined the cultural institutions of Chicago in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. A series of articles on zoological gardens looked at the changing conceptions of wild animals in relation to humans as expressed in the manner in which the zoo animals were exhibited. "Alma Mater" (1984) probed the ways in which founders of the Seven Sister Colleges expressed their hopes and fears about women offered the liberal arts in the colleges' buildings and landscapes; the book explored, as well, the lives of female collegians and their female professors as lived within college gates. "Campus Life" (1987) looked at the history of undergraduate cultures from the 18th century to the present, with attention to college men (and later, women), outsiders, and rebels. "The Power and Passion of M. Carey Thomas", president of Bryn Mawr College and feminist, 1857-1935, appeared in 1984. The designated literary executor of John Brinckerhoff Jackson, she wrote the introductions and edited, "Landscape in Sight: J. B. Jackson’s America" (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1997). "Rereading Sex" (2002), explored sexual representations and the campaign to censor them that led to the landmark Comstock Law of 1873 that barred obscene materials, contraceptive information and devices, and abortion advertisements from the US mails. "The Flash Press" (2008), co-authored with Patricia Cline Cohen and Timothy Gilfoyle, inquired into the sporting weeklies of New York City in the 1840s. "Wild Unrest" (2010) focused on Charlotte Perkins Gilman, the understanding of mental health and illness in the 19th century, and the writing of "The Yellow Wall-Paper." "A Taste for Provence" (2016) tells the story of the re-invention of Provence for American travelers from a place of Roman ruins to a new Eden of earthly delights. She is the granddaughter of David Lefkowitz.






</doc>
<doc id="3025822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3025822" title="Lawrence B. Krause">
Lawrence B. Krause

Lawrence Berle Krause (born 1929) is an American economist.

Krause received his B.A. from the University of Michigan (with Distinction) in 1951; his M.A. in Economics from the University of Michigan in 1952; and his Ph.D. in Economics from Harvard University in 1958 for thesis titled "Current balance of payments problems of industrial countries: an empirical study".

He was a Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution from 1963–67 and 1969-86. He was a Senior Staff at the Council of Economic Advisers, from 1967–69, under Lyndon B. Johnson. In 1986 he was named the first faculty member appointed to the newly created Graduate School of International Relations and Pacific Studies at the University of California, San Diego, where he was named Pacific Economic Cooperation Professor and director of the Korea-Pacific Program.





</doc>
<doc id="3030666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3030666" title="Joseph Augustine Cushman">
Joseph Augustine Cushman

Joseph Augustine Cushman (January 31, 1881 – April 16, 1949) was an American geologist, paleontologist and foraminiferologist.

He was born on January 31, 1881 in Bridgewater, Massachusetts, the son of Darius and Jane Cushman ("nee" Fuller). His primary education took place at Bridgewater Normal School, graduating in 1901. He was the captain and catcher for the baseball team along with fullback and manager for the football team. Later he was educated at Harvard University where he received a B.S. in 1903, conferred "magna cum laude". In October 1903, he married Alice Edna Wilson, with whom he had three children, Robert, Alice and Ruth, born in 1905, 1907 and 1910, respectively. He became a curator at the Boston Natural History Museum, working part-time so he could attend graduate school. He was awarded his Ph.D. from Harvard in 1909. His wife, Alice, died in January 1912; by September 1913, he had remarried to Frieda Gerlach Billings. In 1913 he became the director of the Boston Natural History Museum. The same year he remarried.

Next to his home in Sharon, Massachusetts he constructed a building that would become the Cushman Laboratory for Foraminiferal Research in 1923. In his laboratory he worked as a consultant for oil companies, as well as teaching classes in micropaleontology and performing research. He specialized in the study of marine protozoans (Foraminifera) and became the foremost foraminiferologist of the first half of the twentieth century. He was aided in his laboratory by members of his family and many of foreign collaborators, including Ozawa Yoshiaki. During his career he published over 500 papers.

He died from bladder cancer on April 16, 1949 at his Sharon, Massachusetts home, and was buried in Great Hills Cemetery, which is located in Boston Ma. His work was continued by his assistant and collaborator, M. Ruth Todd.

Joseph Augustine Cushman is a founding father of Kappa Delta Phi National Fraternity.





</doc>
<doc id="3034280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3034280" title="Ciprian Manolescu">
Ciprian Manolescu

Ciprian Manolescu (born December 24, 1978) is a Romanian-American mathematician, working in gauge theory, symplectic geometry, and low-dimensional topology. He is currently a Professor of Mathematics at Stanford University and the University of California, Los Angeles.

Manolescu completed his first eight classes at School no. 11 Mihai Eminescu and his secondary education at Ion Brătianu High School in Piteşti. He did his undergrad and Ph.D. at Harvard University under the direction of Peter B. Kronheimer. He was the winner of the Morgan Prize, awarded jointly by AMS-MAA-SIAM, in 2002. His undergraduate thesis was on "Finite dimensional approximation in Seiberg–Witten theory", and his Ph.D. thesis topic was "A spectrum valued TQFT from the Seiberg–Witten equations".

In early 2013 he released a paper detailing a disproof of the triangulation conjecture for manifolds of dimension 5 and higher. For this paper he received the E. H. Moore Prize from the American Mathematical Society.

He was among the recipients of the Clay Research Fellowship (2004–2008).

In 2012 he was awarded one of the ten prizes of the European Mathematical Society for his work on low-dimensional topology, and particularly for his role in the development of combinatorial Heegaard Floer homology.

He was elected as a member of the 2017 class of Fellows of the American Mathematical Society "for contributions to Floer homology and the topology of manifolds".

In 2018 he was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) in Rio de Janeiro.

He has one of the best records ever in mathematical competitions:




</doc>
<doc id="3038327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3038327" title="Carol Geary Schneider">
Carol Geary Schneider

Carol Geary Schneider was president of the Association of American Colleges and Universities from 1998 to 2016.

Schneider received her B.A. in history from Mount Holyoke College, Phi Beta Kappa, "magna cum laude" in 1967. She received her Ph.D. in history from Harvard University and taught at the University of Chicago, DePaul University, Chicago State University and Boston University.

She has served in the past as a member of the Board of Trustees at Mount Holyoke.



</doc>
<doc id="3039785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3039785" title="Indira Viswanathan Peterson">
Indira Viswanathan Peterson

Indira Viswanathan Peterson is a literary critic and the "David B. Truman Professor of Asian Studies" at Mount Holyoke College. She is a specialist in South Asian Studies.

Peterson was born and raised in Mumbai, India. She came to the United States as an AFS ("American Field Service") exchange high school student in the late 1960s. She returned to Mumbai and received her B.A. in English literature from The University of Mumbai and her Ph.D. in Sanskrit from Harvard University in 1976. She has been a professor at Mount Holyoke since 1982, with a period at Columbia University from 2002-2004.





</doc>
<doc id="3040664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3040664" title="Jay Alan Yim">
Jay Alan Yim

Jay Alan Yim (born April 24, 1958) is an American composer and recipient of a 1994 Guggenheim Fellowship.

Yim was born in St. Louis, Missouri on April 24, 1958. He attended the University of California, Santa Barbara College of Creative Studies and graduated with a B.A. in 1980. He also received a M.Mus. in 1981 from the University of London and the Royal College of Music, with a Ph.D. from Harvard University earned in 1989.

During the 1995–96 concert season, he served as Composer/Fellow for the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. His works have been performed by the National Symphony Orchestra, Radio Filharmonisch Orkest, Residentie Orchestra, Los Angeles Philharmonic, Sendai Philharmonic, Tanglewood Music Center Orchestra, London Sinfonietta, Arditti String Quartet, New Music Consort, Het Trio, and Nieuw Ensemble.

He currently serves as a professor of music at Northwestern University. Former students include composers Marcos Balter, Kirsten Broberg, Rodrigo Cadiz, Aaron Cassidy, and Mark Engebretson.

Yim is a 1994 recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship for music composition in the creative arts category. He also placed third for the 1994 Kennedy Center Friedheim Award, tied with John Anthony Lennon.

Yim is married to artist Marlena Novak.



</doc>
<doc id="3042731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3042731" title="Ved Mehta">
Ved Mehta

Ved Parkash Mehta (born 21 March 1934) is an Indian writer who was born in Lahore, British India (now a Pakistani city) to a Punjabi Hindu family. He lost his sight at the age of three due to cerebrospinal meningitis. Due to the limited prospects for blind people in general, his mother and father, Shanti Mehta and Amolak Ram Mehta, respectively, sent Ved over 1,300 miles away to the Dadar School for the Blind in Bombay (Current day Mumbai).

He was educated at Pomona College, at Balliol College, Oxford where he read Modern History, and at Harvard University, where he earned a double BA and MA. While at Pomona, one of Mehta's student readers, because very few books were available in Braille at that time, was Eugene Rose, who went on to become the Russian Orthodox hieromonk Father Seraphim Rose. Mehta referred to him in two books, one of which was "Stolen Light", his second book of memoirs: "I felt very lucky to have found Gene as a reader. ... He read with such clarity that I almost had the illusion that he was explaining things."

Mehta has lived in the Western world since 1949; he became an American citizen in 1975. His first book, an autobiography called "Face to Face", which placed his early life in the context of Indian politics and history and Anglo-Indian relations, was published in 1957. Mehta published his first novel, Delinquent Chacha in 1966. It was serialized in the New Yorker. Since then he has written more than 24 books, including several that deal with the subject of blindness, as well as hundreds of articles and short stories, for British, Indian and American publications. He was a staff writer at "The New Yorker" from 1961 to 1994, during which time "Spy" magazine published a critical article about his misogynist attitude toward his assistants and writings that were frequently regarded as dull and self-indulgent. He left the magazine after, as he has claimed, he was "terminated" by editor Tina Brown.

One of the articles he wrote for "The New Yorker" in 1961 consisted of interviews with famous Oxford philosophers. A volume of the letters of one of those philosophers, Isaiah Berlin, contains an honest response to Mehta's inquiry about the reactions of his subjects: "You ask me what the reactions of my colleagues are to your piece on Oxford Philosophy... [T]hose to whom I have spoken are in various degrees outraged or indignant ... The New Yorker is a satirical magazine, and I assume from the start that a satire was intended and not an accurate representation of the truth. In any case, only a serious student of philosophy could attempt to do that." The article was published as a book, now including Oxford historians as well, "Fly and the Fly-Bottle: Encounters with British Intellectuals" (1962).

He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 2009.

In 2014, during the annual Jaipur Literary Festival, Mehta said that living in India would never have been possible for him as he could not live in an "anarchy", but admitted that he keenly followed Indian political developments.

His wife, Linn Fenimore Cooper Mehta (née Cary), the daughter of William Lucius Cary and Katherine Lemoine Fenimore Cary (née Cooper), is a descendant of James Fenimore Cooper and niece of Mehta's former "New Yorker" colleague Henry Sage Fenimore Cooper, Jr.; they married in 1983.





</doc>
<doc id="3043960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3043960" title="Andrew Bujalski">
Andrew Bujalski

Andrew Bujalski (born April 29, 1977) is an American film director, screenwriter and actor, who has been called the "godfather of mumblecore."

Bujalski, born in Boston in 1977, is the son of artist-turned-businesswoman Sheila Dubman and businessman Edmund Bujalski. His father is Catholic and his mother is Jewish. Bujalski studied film at Harvard's Department of Visual and Environmental Studies, where the Belgian filmmaker Chantal Akerman was his thesis advisor.

He shot his first feature, "Funny Ha Ha", in 2002 and followed it with "Mutual Appreciation" in 2003. They received theatrical distribution in 2005 and 2006, respectively. Bujalski wrote both screenplays and appears as an actor, playing a major role in both films. In 2006 he appeared as an actor and contributed to the screenplay of the Joe Swanberg film "Hannah Takes the Stairs".

"Beeswax" and "Computer Chess", Bujalski's third and fourth films, were filmed in Austin, where the director lives. "Beeswax" was released in summer 2009. While making it Bujalski wrote a screenplay adaptation of Benjamin Kunkel's 2005 novel "Indecision" for Paramount Pictures.

His fourth feature, "Computer Chess", is a period film set at a computer programming tournament in 1980. It premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival and won the Alfred Sloan Feature Film Prize. It is his first feature edited digitally and the only feature film shot almost exclusively with original Sony 1968 AVC-3260 B&W video cameras.

Bujalski married Karen Olsson in 2009. They have two children.

Bujalski also has worked as a writer on several studio projects, including, most recently, the upcoming live-action remake of Disney’s "Lady and the Tramp".

Bujalski's rough-edged, realistic films are often compared to the works of directors John Cassavetes, Maurice Pialat and Mike Leigh. All of his feature films were photographed by Austrian cinematographer Matthias Grunsky. The first three are shot on hand-held 16mm, have a sometimes decidedly "lo-fi" feel (reinforced by "Funny Ha Ha"'s distorted mono sound), and are often classified as mumblecore. The actors are non-professionals, many drawn from other media, including animator Kate Dollenmayer as the lead in "Funny Ha Ha", musician Justin Rice as the lead in "Mutual Appreciation" and experimental filmmaker Bill Morrison in a supporting role in the same film. "Funny Ha Ha" featured a cast and crew of Harvard alumni.

Though his films often appear improvised, they are for the most part scripted; the dialogue is often noted for its drawn-out, awkward nature, and characters frequently evade key topics. Many of the films seem to start and end "in medias res", giving the films a "slice of life" feeling that suggests a larger narrative or world that the audience is looking in on.

The characters in Bujalski's films are mostly middle-class. The desire for stability is a recurring theme, and many characters rush headlong into attempts at a more controlled existence; one of the main characters in "Funny Ha Ha" elopes with his ex-girlfriend.




</doc>
