<doc id="3048568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3048568" title="Ralphie May">
Ralphie May

Ralph Duren May (February 17, 1972 – October 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian and actor, known for his extensive touring and comedy specials on Netflix and other outlets.

May was born on February 17, 1972, in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and raised in Clarksville, Arkansas, the youngest of 4 children.

At 17, he won a contest to open for Sam Kinison, whom he considered his idol. Kinison suggested that May move to Houston to further develop his comedy routine. May graduated from the High School for the Performing and Visual Arts. He later moved to Texas to pursue his comedy career.

In 2003, May was chosen to participate in the first season of "". He finished in second place in the competition, with Dat Phan winning first place. Afterwards, May appeared in comedy shows, such as "The Wayne Brady Show" and "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". In 2005, he was the only white comedian on "The Big Black Comedy Show", which also featured Mo'Nique, Rodman, and Vince Morris.

In 2005, May released his first comedy album "Just Correct". He later recorded four Comedy Central specials titled "Girth of a Nation" (2006), "Prime Cut" (2007), "Austin-tatious" (2008), and "Too Big To Ignore" (2012), as well as two Netflix specials titled "Imperfectly Yours" (2013) and "Unruly" (2015). He appeared in "For Da Love of Money". May also performed at the "Gathering of the 2012".

On July 3, 2005, May married comedian Lahna Turner. The couple had two children: a daughter born in September 2007 and a son born in June 2009. The couple filed for divorce in October 2015 and sought joint custody of their children, but the divorce was never finalized.

May struggled with obesity throughout his life. His weight increased to , following a car accident at age 16. He participated on VH1's Celebrity Fit Club and had gastric bypass surgery in 2004, which lowered his weight by . After a bout with viral pneumonia on a cruise in October 2011, May lost 40 pounds.

In November 2011, he suffered a nearly-fatal pulmonary embolism after contracting serious pneumonia on a cruise ship, where a blood clot from his leg became lodged in an artery.

May discussed his grandmother in a number of interviews and credited her with helping take care of him and his siblings as they were growing up. Speaking to the "Arkansas Times" in 2012, May said, "Thank goodness for my grandmother, she was a hell of a woman. She was really beneficial, she kept us in a stature way above our means and made sure we were taken care of as far as clean clothes and shoes." His Facebook bio also references his grandmother. "When I was a kid, my grandmother taught me how to crochet and how to quilt, and that's kind of how I do an act. I have one-liners, I have dirty jokes, but I also have long stories that are 10 or 20 minutes long and the laughs come every eight seconds. It's a different set. And it's a different life than most people have led."

In an interview with the "Arkansas Times" in 2012, he discussed growing up in Clarksville, shedding light on some of the hardships he faced. He shared, "It was a hard life growing up. It was a similar story to a lot of people in Arkansas. My mom was a florist. I'm the youngest of four. My father and mother hated each other, and they took it out on us. She'd sue him for not paying child support, then he didn't pay, and that ended up costing us a lot..."

In 2013, May and his wife Turner started a podcast together called "Perfect 10."

His memoir, "This Might Get a Little Heavy", was published posthumously in December 2017.

On October 6, 2017, May went into cardiac arrest. May had been battling pneumonia for several weeks and had cancelled shows over the previous month, his publicist Stacey Pokluda confirmed following his death. He was 45 years old. It was later published that, hours before his death, May was scheduled to do a meet-and-greet after his final performance at Harrah's in Las Vegas around midnight, but he had already shown signs of his deteriorating condition.



</doc>
<doc id="3055789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3055789" title="Peter Lupus">
Peter Lupus

Peter Lupus Jr (born June 17, 1932) is an American bodybuilder and actor. He attended the Jordan College of Fine Arts at Butler University, where he also played football and basketball, graduating in 1954. He and his wife, Sharon, have a son, Peter Lupus III, who is also an actor. 

Lupus was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. Census, World War I draft registration, and naturalization records indicate that his father, Peter Nash Lupus, Sr. (1899-1981), was born in what was then Syria, and his father's death certificate states that he was a native of what is now Lebanon, and the son of George and Anna Lupus. His mother was American.

Standing 6 feet 4 inches (193 cm) with a developed physique, Lupus began his career by earning the titles of Mr. Indianapolis, Mr. Indiana, Mr. Hercules and Mr. International Health Physique. Lupus was one of many bodybuilders who followed Steve Reeves into the "sword and sandal" films of the 1960s, occasionally credited as Rock Stevens for such films as "Hercules and the Tyrants of Babylon" (1964), "Challenge of the Gladiator" (1965) and "Muscle Beach Party" (1964) where he starred as "Mr. Galaxy" Flex Martian.

During the early 1970s, Lupus promoted European Health Spa, traveling the country to make appearances and sign autographs at several of the gyms' grand openings.

Lupus played Willy Armitage in the original "" television series in the 1960s. Armitage was the Impossible Missions Force's muscle man, and featured in nearly all episodes of the series. The character of Willy Armitage was the strong, silent type, usually with very little dialogue. Late in the show's run, during season five, the producers decided that his character was superfluous and he was dropped to recurring status, appearing in a little over half of that season's episodes. Outcry from fans and lack of success in finding a replacement for his character resulted in his return to regular status the following season and to his getting a greater role in the stories, often assuming disguises as a convict or a thug. Only Lupus and Greg Morris sustained regular roles through the show's entire run, although Morris appeared in more episodes.

Lupus's other television work included a guest spot as Tarzan on Jack Benny's television show, a boxer with a glass jaw on "The Joey Bishop Show", a caveman on an episode of "Fantasy Island", and the recurring role of Detective Norberg on the short-lived sitcom "Police Squad!".

Lupus was one of the first well-known male actors to pose with full frontal nudity for "Playgirl" magazine, in April 1974. Photographs of Lupus appeared in a number of issues. Before this, he was hired by the United States Air Force to appear in a series of commercials playing the role of Superman (with the permission of what is now DC Comics). He appeared for many months until the "Playgirl" pictorial was published.

On July 19, 2007, at age 75, Lupus set a world weightlifting endurance record by lifting 77,560 pounds over the course of 24 minutes, 50 seconds at the Spectrum Club in El Segundo, California. This topped the record Lupus set five years earlier in celebration of his 70th birthday of 76,280 pounds in 27 minutes.

Lupus has been a member of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's volunteer posse in Arizona.




</doc>
<doc id="3056720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3056720" title="Shon Greenblatt">
Shon Greenblatt

Shon Greenblatt (born May 13, 1967) is an American film actor.

His first feature film was the 1989 film "Chopper Chicks in Zombietown", his best-known role was in the 1991 movie, "" and for the cult Disney musical "Newsies" starring Christian Bale. He appeared on television in the TV movie, "Just Perfect" (1989) and on the series "Hardball".



</doc>
<doc id="3057461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3057461" title="Mark Venturini">
Mark Venturini

Mark D. Venturini (January 10, 1961 – February 14, 1996) was an American actor who starred in movies and television.

Mark was born to parents Osvaldo and Carmelina Venturini (née DeAngelis) and raised in Illinois. He had two brothers, Ralph (born 1959), Patrick (born 1964) and a sister Emily (born 1967). He attended West Leyden High School where he played football and wrestled. After graduation, he quickly pursued his acting career. He moved to California at sometime in his early 20s and began his acting career. His father owned a sandwich store in Illinois called Ozzie's. His children, including Mark, often worked there to help out.

He was perhaps best known for his role in movies like "" (1985) as Vic, and "The Return of the Living Dead" as Suicide (1985). Mark's final movie was in the movie "Out-of-Sync" (1995). He made guest appearances on television series like "Fantasy Island", "Knight Rider", "Charles in Charge", "Murder, She Wrote", "Falcon Crest" and "Space Rangers".

Mark died from leukemia on Valentine's Day 1996 at age 35. He was buried in Queen of Heaven Cemetery in Hillside, Illinois.


</doc>
<doc id="3058665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3058665" title="Robert Webber">
Robert Webber

Robert Laman Webber (October 14, 1924 – May 19, 1989) was an American actor.

He appeared in dozens of films and television series, roles that included Juror No. 12 in the classic 1957 film "12 Angry Men".

Webber was born in Santa Ana, California, the son of Alice and Robert Webber, who was a merchant seaman. Webber graduated from Oakland Technical High School, and served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, serving on Guam and Okinawa.

Webber had a 40-year career as a character actor, during which he appeared as Juror No. 12 in "12 Angry Men" (1957), as Dudley Moore's gay lyricist in "10" (1979) and the father of Cybill Shepherd's character in the hit series "Moonlighting".

Other notable turns were in the films "The Sandpiper", in which he played a supporting role as Elizabeth Taylor's character's former lover, opposite Richard Burton; "The Nun and the Sergeant", in which he played the lead; "The Dirty Dozen", where he played a general who disliked the character portrayed by Lee Marvin; a sadistic lowlife encountered by Paul Newman in the anti-hero detective drama "Harper"; a hitman in Sam Peckinpah's "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia"; and a killer in the Dean Martin spy spoof, "The Silencers". Other notable films in which Webber appeared include "The Great White Hope" (1970), "Midway" (1976), "Revenge of the Pink Panther" (1978), "Private Benjamin" (1980), "S.O.B." (1981), and "Wild Geese II" (1985). Several of the films were directed by Blake Edwards.

On television Webber appeared in many of the popular dramas of the time, including four episodes of "The Rockford Files" and three of "Cannon".

Webber was married to actress and model Miranda "Sammy" Jones on October 1, 1953, and was divorced in July 1958. He married his second wife, Del Mertens, on April 23, 1972.

He died from Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease) at age 64 in Malibu, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3059773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3059773" title="John D. LeMay">
John D. LeMay

John David LeMay (born May 29, 1962) is a former American actor who has starred in TV shows and in films.

LeMay was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota and moved to Normal, Illinois in his teens. He went to Normal Community High School and participated in school plays and got into both singing and acting. LeMay went to Illinois State University and got a Bachelor of Science degree and completed a double major in music and musical theatre. He moved to Los Angeles in 1985 to star on TV. He appeared on hit TV shows like "The Facts of Life".

In the late 1980s, LeMay became known for his role in the cult horror TV series "" as Ryan Dallion from 1987-1989. In 1993, he went on to play Steven Freeman in "".

He also starred in two short-lived TV series, "Eddie Dodd" and "Over My Dead Body".

In recent years John has returned to his musical theater roots starring in a regional production of "Legally Blonde" in 2014.




</doc>
<doc id="3068227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3068227" title="Daniel Singer (actor)">
Daniel Singer (actor)

Daniel "Rover" Singer (born 1959) is a performer, director, writer, designer, producer, and educator in the theatrical arts.

At the age of 18, he co-founded General Amazement Theater in Santa Rosa, CA, which produced three musicals in its first (and only) season, including Singer's original adaptation of "Alice in Wonderland".

Upon his return from studying “proper dramatic technique” in London, he founded the Reduced Shakespeare Company, whose three-man farce "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged)"  toured the globe, played in London's West End for nine years, and has become one of the world's most popular shows.

In 1989, Singer hung up his doublet-and-hose to design theme parks at Walt Disney Imagineering, specializing in model-making, production design and field art direction (Splash Mountain, Toontown, Animal Kingdom, Muppet*Vision 3D, Indiana Jones). While at WDI, Singer co-founded the Flower Street Players, an in-house theatre company for Disney employees, where he co-produced six plays, and starred as Snoopy in "You’re A Good Man, Charlie Brown" – as well as serving as the show's director and designer.

Leaving the theme park business in 2000, Singer returned to writing for the theater. His latest work is "A Perfect Likeness," a comedy about a fictitious meeting between Lewis Carroll and Charles Dickens in 1866, that premiered at Paper Lantern Theatre Co. in Winston-Salem NC, in April 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="3072053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3072053" title="Tom McFadden">
Tom McFadden

Tom McFadden is an actor who has starred in film and on television, his first feature movie was in the 1968 movie was "Hot Spurs", his other films include "Wrong Is Right" (1982), "" (1985), "976-EVIL" (1988), and "Uncle Sam" (1997).

He has starred on some TV movies, his best-known roles being in the 1983 mini series "The Winds of War", and in the 1986 TV movie "The Deliberate Stranger".

Tom has made guest appearances on many TV shows, some of those shows range from "Daniel Boone", "Gunsmoke", "The Fall Guy", "The A-Team", "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Hunter", and "The X-Files".

Tom authored the book "Acting For Real" in 2007.



</doc>
<doc id="3073146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3073146" title="Mel Novak">
Mel Novak

Mel Novak (born June 16, 1942) is an American actor who is best known for villainous roles in "Black Belt Jones", "Game of Death", and "An Eye for an Eye". He is also known for doing all of his own stunts and fighting scenes.

Born in Pittsburgh to Serbian parents as Milan Mrdjenovich (, "Milan Mrđenović"), Novak made his film debut in 1974, appearing in two blaxploitation films, "Truck Turner" starring Isaac Hayes and "Black Belt Jones" starring Jim Kelly that was directed by Robert Clouse that led to a part in Clouse's "The Ultimate Warrior" (1975) starring Yul Brynner. "Cat in the Cage" (1978) starring Sybil Danning, and others followed. One of his more high-profile parts from the 70's was as the hitman Stick in "Game of Death" (1978), again directed by Robert Clouse. Novak also had roles in two Chuck Norris films, "A Force of One" (1979) and "An Eye for an Eye" (1981). Since the turn of the 80's, Novak has been acting mostly in independent features, such as "Lovely But Deadly" (1981) for director/producer David Sheldon, starring B-movie heroine Lucinda Dooling.
In the 90's, he appeared in two films for director Garry Marshall: "Exit to Eden" (1994), based on the novel by Anne Rice, and "Dear God" (1996). 

In 2005, he appeared in the action/horror film "Vampire Assassin", also featuring Gerald Okamura, with whom Novak has acted in several films, and Rudy Ray Moore. In 2008, Novak was inducted in the Martial Arts Hall of Fame in London. In 2015, Novak had a prominent role in the action film, .

Novak is also an ordained minister, known for doing celebrity funerals and memorials for the likes of Chuck Connors' son, Jeffrey Alan Connors, and Tim Burton's father, Bill Burton. He has worked in skid row and prison ministry for over twenty years. He also has two daughters, Nikol and Lea, and three grandchildren from daughter Lea.




</doc>
<doc id="3073611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3073611" title="Tim Considine">
Tim Considine

Timothy Daniel Considine (born December 31, 1940) is an American former child actor, author and photographer of the late 1950s and early 1960s. He later became a writer, photographer, and automotive historian.

Considine was born to a show business family. His mother, Carmen, was the daughter of theater magnate Alexander Pantages. His father, John W. Considine Jr., was an Oscar-nominated movie producer ("Boys Town", MGM 1938), and his grandfather, John Considine, was Alexander Pantages' rival vaudeville impresario.

On his father's side, Tim Considine is of Irish descent, and of partial Greek descent on his mother's side. His older brother is actor John Considine. His uncle Bob Considine was a King Features Syndicate columnist.

In 1953, Considine costarred with Red Skelton in "The Clown", a remake of the 1931 movie "The Champ" which costarred Wallace Beery and Jackie Cooper.

Considine's most noted acting roles were in the 1955–1957 Disney TV serials "Spin and Marty" (he played Spin) and "Hardy Boys" (he played older brother Frank opposite Tommy Kirk as Joe), both of which appeared in 15-minute segments on the "Mickey Mouse Club"; in the Disney show "The Swamp Fox" as Gabriel Marion, nephew of Francis Marion; in the Disney motion picture "The Shaggy Dog"; and as the eldest son, Mike Douglas, in the first years of the long-running television series "My Three Sons", when it aired on ABC. In both "The Shaggy Dog" and "My Three Sons", he starred with Fred MacMurray.

In 1957, Considine played the role of Ned Nickerson in a television pilot made for CBS based on the popular "Nancy Drew" series of books by Carolyn Keene. He co-starred with Roberta Shore and Frankie Thomas.

On December 31, 1959, his 19th birthday and before "My Three Sons" debuted, Considine appeared as Jamie Frederick in the episode "Bound Boy" on CBS's "Johnny Ringo" western television series, starring Don Durant in the title role. In the story line, a rancher is investigated for turning orphaned boys into virtual slaves.

The following year, Considine played the role of Franklin D. Roosevelt's eldest son James between ages 14 and 17, in the 1960 feature film "Sunrise at Campobello". In a 1966 episode of "The Fugitive" he acted as a helper for Dr. Kimble. On November 21, 1965, he played young rebel Billy Penn in the "Bonanza" episode "The Reluctant Rebel". He had a role in the 1970 film "Patton", portraying one of two shell-shocked soldiers slapped by General George S. Patton, Jr.. The role is credited as "Soldier Who Gets Slapped".

His first wife was actress Charlotte Stewart who played teacher Miss Beadle on television's "Little House on the Prairie" for four seasons.

As an adult, Considine is an automobile historian, photographer, and writer who specializes in motor sports. He is the author of "The Photographic Dictionary of Soccer" (1979, ), "The Language of Sport" (1982, ), and "American Grand Prix Racing: A Century of Drivers and Cars" (1997, ). He has also filled in for the late William Safire as writer of the "On Language" column in "The New York Times Magazine".

In 2000, Considine and David Stollery, his co-star in the "Spin and Marty" serials, made cameo appearances in "The New Adventures of Spin and Marty: Suspect Behavior", a made-for-TV movie on the ABC network. A DVD version of the "" was released in December 2005 as part of the fifth wave of the "Walt Disney Treasures" series. On the 50th anniversary of the serial's premiere, Considine and Stollery were interviewed by Leonard Maltin as a DVD bonus feature about their experiences filming the hit series.

On June 19, 2010, he participated in the "My Three Sons" 50th-Anniversary Reunion at the Paley Center for Media in Beverly Hills, California. Most surviving cast members appeared at the event except for Dawn Lyn, who was living in Germany at the time, and Don Grady, who prior to his death in 2012 was in Europe for that summer receiving treatment for cancer.



</doc>
<doc id="3075761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3075761" title="Dabbs Greer">
Dabbs Greer

Robert William "Dabbs" Greer (April 2, 1917 – April 28, 2007) was an American actor who performed many diverse supporting roles in film and television for over 50 years. With hundreds of guest appearances on episodes of numerous television series, Greer may be best remembered as a series regular as Coach Ossie Weiss in the sitcom "Hank" and as a series regular as the Reverend Robert Alden in "Little House on the Prairie". Greer may be better known to later audiences as the 108-year-old version of the character played by Tom Hanks in 1999's "The Green Mile".

Greer was born in Fairview, Missouri, the son of Bernice Irene ("née" Dabbs), a speech teacher, and Randall Alexander Greer, a druggist. Greer moved to Anderson as an infant with his family. At the age of eight, he began acting in children's theater productions. He attended Drury University in Springfield, Missouri, where he was a member of Theta Kappa Nu. He never married.

According to the "Los Angeles Times", he was an administrator and acting instructor at the Pasadena Playhouse. His movie credits number nearly 100, and the "Times" estimated his televisions credits were somewhere around 600.

Greer made his film debut as an extra in the 1938 film "Jesse James", which was filmed mainly around Pineville, Missouri. He told the "Neosho Daily News" in 2002, "They were paying $5 a day – a day! – to local people for being extras. That was really good money in those days, more money than we had seen in a long time." Greer was recognizable to fans of "Adventures of Superman", as he appeared in three episodes of that series, including the inaugural entry, "Superman on Earth" (1952), in which he was cast as the first person ever to be saved by Superman. He was the major guest star, as a man framed for murder in "Five Minutes to Doom" (1954), and as an eccentric millionaire in "The Superman Silver Mine" (1958).

Greer made hundreds of appearances in nearly 200 different television series, including the role of the marshal in the two-part "King of the Dakotas" (1955) and as Ray in "Paper Gunman" of the NBC western anthology series "Frontier". In the 1956 movie "Hot Rod Girl" he played the auto repair shop owner Mr. Fry.

In 1957, he appeared in the episode "Revenge" of the syndicated crime drama "Sheriff of Cochise" and as Sanders in the episode "My Horse Ajax" of NBC's children's western series "Fury", starring Peter Graves and Bobby Diamond. He guest-starred about this time on the syndicated adventure series "Whirlybirds", starring Kenneth Tobey and "Rescue 8", starring Jim Davis and Lang Jeffries. He joined David Janssen in an episode of "Richard Diamond, Private Detective".

Greer was cast on the syndicated western series "Pony Express", starring Grant Sullivan. Greer guest-starred as well on three CBS western series, Steve McQueen's "Wanted: Dead or Alive", "Trackdown" starring Robert Culp, and Don Durant's "Johnny Ringo". Thereafter, he appeared in the NBC modern western series "Empire", and he also guest-starred on Jack Lord's drama series about the rodeo circuit, "Stoney Burke".

Greer appeared in the 1957 episode "Ambush at Gila Gulch" of ABC's "Tombstone Territory", the 1957 episode "Rebel Christmas" of the Tod Andrews syndicated series "The Gray Ghost", and as Ed Grimes on the 1958 episode "312 Vertical" of Rod Cameron's syndicated series "State Trooper". He appeared too in "It! The Terror from Beyond Space" (1958).

Other appearances in 1959 included the episode "Peligroso" on NBC's western series "The Restless Gun" and episodes of the syndicated "Man Without a Gun". In addition, he had a recurring role as storekeeper Mr. Jonas and in one episode as Chester's uncle on "Gunsmoke". He also acted with Keenan Wynn and Bob Mathias in the NBC adventure series "The Troubleshooters". In 1960 he appeared in the episode "Dark Fear" of CBS's anthology series "The DuPont Show with June Allyson".

He was cast in "The Twilight Zone" in the 1962 episode titled "Hocus-Pocus and Frisby" and the 1963 episode "Valley of the Shadow", and in a 1963 segment of Jack Palance's ABC circus drama "The Greatest Show on Earth".

The 1960s brought Greer several more recurring roles in popular series, such as track coach Ossie Weiss in "Hank" and Sheriff Norris "Norrie" Coolidge in "The Ghost & Mrs. Muir". Greer also made many appearances on the very popular series "The Rifleman", starring Chuck Connors and Johnny Crawford, playing both good-guy and bad-guy characters.

In 1962, on the ABC/WB western series "Lawman", in an episode titled "The Unmasked", starring John Russell and Peter Brown, Greer was cast in an entirely fictitious portrayal of Boston Corbett, the Union Army soldier who shot and mortally wounded John Wilkes Booth, the assassin of Abraham Lincoln. In that episode, Corbett is given the name "Joe Brockway" and depicted as a hotel owner in Laramie, Wyoming. In the storyline, two former Confederates from Georgia, played by Barry Atwater and Charles Maxwell, arrive in Laramie in search of Brockway, the key, they claim, to the settlement of an estate to which they are all a party. Jack Albertson is cast with Greer in the episode as a traveling elixir salesman named "Doc" Peters.

In 1963, Greer was cast as Jack Tabor in the "Perry Mason" episode "The Case of the Skeleton's Closet". He guest-starred in seven other "Perry Mason" episodes. He portrayed, for example, a drunkard in "The Case of the Left-Handed Liar"; a murderer in two other episodes, "The Case of the Prudent Prosecutor" and "The Case of the Lavender Lipstick"; and a murder victim in "The Case of the Fugitive Nurse". Greer can also be seen alongside other guest actors (Dewey Martin, Patricia Crowley, Ray Danton, Andrew Duggan, Walter Burke, David Carradine, and Dick Wessel) in a 1964 episode of "Arrest and Trial" titled "The Black Flower", portraying a store owner wounded in a robbery. That same year he performed in an episode of "The Outer Limits", "The Children of Spider County", in which he is the protective father of a country girl who is enamored with the son of an extraterrestrial. Later, in 1967, Greer, then played an alien himself, posing as a Catholic priest in "The Experiment", an episode of "The Invaders." In 1969, Greer was cast as the minister who officiated the wedding of Mike and Carol Brady in the first episode of “The Brady Bunch.”

Greer had a prominent continuing role as Reverend Alden in the NBC series "Little House on the Prairie" from 1974 to 1983. Often cast as a minister, he performed the marriages of Rob and Laura Petrie on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" and Mike and Carol Brady on "The Brady Bunch"; and from 1992 to 1996 he tended to the spiritual needs of the townfolk in fictional Rome, Wisconsin, as Reverend Henry Novotny in "Picket Fences". He also had a guest appearance on an episode of Scott Baio's "Charles in Charge" in the role of Buzz Powell.

In the May 9, 1991, episode of "L.A. Law" titled "On the Toad Again", he played a character addicted to a "high" produced by licking the skin secretions of psychoactive toads. In the 1997 film "Con Air", Greer appeared as the old man discovered hiding under a pickup truck at "Lerner Field" by Nicolas Cage's character Cameron Poe.

Greer's last feature film was a prominent role as the 108-year-old version of the character played by Tom Hanks in 1999's "The Green Mile", 61 years after Greer was an extra in the 1938 film "Jesse James". Greer's last television performance was in a 2003 episode of "Lizzie McGuire". Most of Greer's work was in supporting roles, but he told the "Albany Times Union" in 2000 that "every character actor, in their own little sphere, is the lead".

Greer, a resident of Pasadena, California, from 1943, died in 2007 at Pasadena's Huntington Hospital after a battle with renal failure and heart disease. He never married and had no children. His body was transported back to his native state of Missouri, where it was buried in Peace Valley Cemetery in the town of Anderson.



</doc>
<doc id="3077917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3077917" title="Stephen Stucker">
Stephen Stucker

Stephen Stucker (July 2, 1947 – April 13, 1986) was an American actor, known for portrayals of bizarre, larger-than-life characters, notably the manic control-room worker Johnny in the early 1980s "Airplane!" movies and the crossdressing, rubber-penis-waving stenographer in the courtroom sequence of 1977's "The Kentucky Fried Movie".

Stucker was born in Des Moines, Iowa. His family moved to Shaker Heights, Ohio, where he distinguished himself in school as a pianist and class clown. He graduated from high school in 1965.

Stucker made his screen debut co-starring in the 1975 comedic sexploitation film "Carnal Madness" as Bruce Wilson, a gay fashion designer who escapes from an insane asylum with two fellow inmates, fleeing to an all-girls school. He went on to perform in the 1977 earthquake-in-Los-Angeles comedy "Cracking Up", alongside Fred Willard, Michael McKean, and Harry Shearer.

Stucker was a scene-stealing member of the cast of the Madison, Wisconsin "Kentucky Fried Theater" sketch comedy troupe founded by David Zucker, Jim Abrahams, and Jerry Zucker. In 1977 he appeared in the John Landis film "The Kentucky Fried Movie", based on the troupe's sketches. This led to his supporting role in the Zucker-Abrahams-Zucker comedy "Airplane!", which he reprised in "". For the initial film, the writers gave Stucker the straight lines for his scenes and let him write his character's off-the-wall responses.

In 1982 he had a guest role in a three-episode sequence in the TV series "Mork & Mindy" and, in 1983, had a small featured role in Landis' "Trading Places". In 1984, he had a co-starring role as the sex-obsessed psychiatrist, Dr. Bender, in the teen comedy film "Bad Manners" (aka: "Growing Pains").

On July 12, 1984, Stucker was diagnosed with AIDS. He later publicly announced his illness, making him one of the first actors to announce he was suffering from the disease. Stucker had apparently suffered from many different types of cancer-related symptoms as early as 1979, prior to public knowledge of what AIDS was. He claimed to have used needles, and had transfusions. 

He died from AIDS-related complications on April 13, 1986 at the age of 38. He is interred in the Chapel of the Chimes.



</doc>
<doc id="3079709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3079709" title="Roger E. Mosley">
Roger E. Mosley

Roger Earl Mosley (; born December 18, 1938) is a retired American actor, director and writer best known for his role as the helicopter pilot Theodore "T.C." Calvin in the television series "Magnum, P.I."

Mosley was born in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in the Imperial Courts public housing with his mother Eloise Harris in Watts. In 1974, he founded the Watts Repertory Company.

Mosley is a licensed private helicopter pilot in real life, but when on the set of "Magnum P.I." he was not allowed to do his own stunts; a pilot wearing a body stocking with false muscles would be used instead. In 2013 at the HAI Heli-Expo in Las Vegas, a ceremony for the restored MD 500D helicopter was held. Both Mosley and fellow Magnum P.I. co-star Larry Manetti autographed the nose of the helicopter. Played cameo role in new Magnum PI 2018 series.

Mosley appeared as Monk in "Terminal Island" (1973). Other actors in the feature were Phyllis Davis, Don Marshall, Ena Hartman and Tom Selleck, who would later star in the television series "Magnum, P.I.". Mosley's most prominent film role was his 1976 starring turn as the title character in "Leadbelly", directed by Gordon Parks. In an article in the November, 1982 issue of "Ebony" magazine, it was revealed that this was his favorite role.

He appeared in "Magnum, P.I." as Tom Selleck's friend and helicopter pilot Theodore "T.C." Calvin, who operates his own tourist charter, "Island Hoppers" , from 1980-1988. He appeared in season five of "Las Vegas" as the billionaire friend of Montecito owner A.J. Cooper (Tom Selleck). Mosley came out of retirement and appeared on the Magnum, P.I. reboot episode "A Kiss Before Dying" as Booky, T.C.'s barber, on March 11, 2019. Stephen Hill, who played T.C. in the new series, said, "It is truly an honor for us to welcome an original cast member of "Magnum, P.I."; one who embodied the role of T.C. with such thoughtful and dignified talent."

He has guest-starred on such shows as "Night Court", "Kung Fu", "Starsky and Hutch", "Kojak", "The Rockford Files", "Baretta", and "Sanford and Son"; he also played a role in "". Mosley made a memorable appearance in the 1973 film "The Mack" as the militant brother of the main character Goldie. He appeared in other blaxploitation films including "Hit Man" (1972), "Sweet Jesus, Preacherman" (1973), "Darktown Strutters" (1975), and "The River Niger" (1976). His other film credits include "McQ" (1974) with John Wayne, "The Greatest" (1977, as Sonny Liston), "Semi-Tough" (1977), "Heart Condition" (1990) and "Pentathlon" (1994). He also starred in the television series "Hangin' With Mr. Cooper" (1992-1993) as Coach Ricketts in a recurring role with comedian/actor Mark Curry, and in the film "A Thin Line Between Love & Hate" (1996) with Martin Lawrence, Lynn Whitfield, and Bobby Brown. He also appeared as a celebrity guest on "The $25,000 Pyramid" for a week's worth of shows in July 1983, July 1984, in June 1985.



</doc>
<doc id="3079797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3079797" title="Larry Manetti">
Larry Manetti

Lawrence Francis Manetti (born July 23, 1947) is an American actor best known for his role as Orville Wilbur Richard "Rick" Wright on the CBS television series "Magnum, P.I." which starred Tom Selleck as the title character. He also starred in "Baa Baa Black Sheep" as 1LT Robert A. "Bobby" Boyle, a pilot in the VMF-214 squadron headed by Greg "Pappy" Boyington (played by Robert Conrad).

Manetti studied acting in Chicago with the Ted Liss Players. His first television role was as a young detective in Jack Webb's "Chase" (1973–74). He would go on to play pilot "Bobby Boyle" in "Baa Baa Black Sheep" (1976–78) with Robert Conrad. He followed this up with a role as a bookie on the short-lived NBC series, "The Duke" (1979), which also featured Conrad in the title role.

Manetti's signature role on "Magnum, P.I." lasted for the entire eight-year run of the series (1980–88). He also had co-starring roles in 25 feature films and guest starred on many other television shows, including "Rockford Files", "Emergency!", "Tenspeed and Brownshoe", "Fantasy Island ", "Battlestar Galactica", "Renegade", "Quantum Leap", "JAG" and "Walker, Texas Ranger". Manetti also had a minor role in the 1993 film "".

Since July 2011, Larry and Nancy Manetti have hosted a weekly radio program on CRN Digital Talk Radio Networks.

It was announced on January 24, 2013, that Manetti had joined CBS's revived version of "Hawaii Five-0" in the recurring role of "Nicky 'The Kid' Demarco". The character is described as "a local lounge legend ... [who], back in the day, was mentored by the one and only Frank Sinatra." In October 2019, he appeared in the revival of "Magnum P.I.", playing the same character.

Manetti is the author of the semi-autobiographical "Aloha Magnum", based on his time on "Magnum P.I." and anecdotes about fellow cast members and celebrities such as Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley, and Michelle Pfeiffer. He used to host a "Celebrity Brunch" and once owned a restaurant in the Plaza Hotel & Casino, which was owned by his friend D.W. Barrick of Barrick Gaming Corporation.






</doc>
<doc id="3080988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3080988" title="Rex Smith">
Rex Smith

Rex Smith (born September 19, 1955) is an American actor and singer. Smith made his acting debut in the Broadway play "Grease" in 1978. He is noted for his role as Jesse Mach in the 1985 television series "Street Hawk;" being the first actor to play the Marvel Comics superhero Daredevil in live action; and being a singer and stage actor. During the late 1970s, Smith was popular as a teen idol. He was featured regularly in "16 Magazine" and "Tiger Beat". He also had a gold Top 10 single, "You Take My Breath Away" in 1979.

In the early 1970s, Smith was the lead singer for a band from Athens, Georgia, named Phaedra. Smith next sang vocals in a hard rock band called Rex.

In 1979, he had a hit single from the television movie "Sooner or Later", entitled "You Take My Breath Away", which reached No. 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It is on the platinum-selling album "Sooner or Later", which is also named for the movie. The music for this song was written by Stephen J. Lawrence and the lyrics were written by Bruce Hart. For many years, it was a staple on the play lists of FM radio stations with a soft rock or "lite" format.

In 1981, Smith hit the top 40 again with a remake of "Everlasting Love", in a duet with singer Rachel Sweet. Peaking at No. 32, the song is Smith's last charting hit to date. The song also became Smith's only hit on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at No. 35.

Smith performed live at the 1982 Miss Universe pageant main event night, held in Lima, Peru.

His latest album was released in 2000 and entitled "Simply...Rex". It was re-released in 2006 and re-titled "You Take My Breath Away".

In 2016, Rex performed in the Philippines at the Kia Theatre, Araneta Center.

Smith is best known for his role as motorcycle police officer Jesse Mach in the short-running 1985 television series "Street Hawk", but he has also made guest appearances on a variety of television shows, such as "The Love Boat", "Baywatch", "Caroline in the City" and "JAG". Smith has been a celebrity spokesperson for a number of corporate entities.

Also in 1982, Smith replaced Andy Gibb as a host on the music variety show, "Solid Gold".

In 1989, Smith played Daredevil a.k.a. Matt Murdock in the television movie, "The Trial of the Incredible Hulk". This was as a backdoor pilot for an ongoing Daredevil television series.

From 1990 through 1992, Smith was a contract player on the CBS daytime drama, "As the World Turns", in the role of Darryl Crawford.

In 1978, he made his Broadway debut in the musical "Grease" in the lead role of Danny Zuko.

Smith also starred as Frederic in the New York Shakespeare Festival's Central Park production of "The Pirates of Penzance". In 1981, Smith won the Theatre World Award for his role in "Pirates". Smith reprised the role of Frederic in the 1983 film adaptation, along with fellow Broadway cast members Kevin Kline as the Pirate King and Linda Ronstadt as Mabel.

Smith has appeared in other Broadway and Off-Broadway productions, including "The Scarlet Pimpernel", "Grand Hotel", "The Human Comedy", and "Annie Get Your Gun". He played Joe Gillis opposite Diahann Carroll as Norma Desmond in the 1995 Canadian production of "Sunset Boulevard".

Smith also starred as Fred Graham/Petruchio in the 2001–02 national tour of "Kiss Me, Kate".

In 2005, Smith again starred in "The Pirates of Penzance", this time playing the role of the Pirate King.

More recently, Smith appeared as the Captain in "The Sound of Music" at the Ogunquit Playhouse, in 2010.

Smith has been married four times:
Smith also has a son by Karen Lakey, a record-company representative with whom he had a weekend affair. Their son, Brandon, was born in 1980. Father and son met for the first time in 1997, during Smith's appearance in the musical "Sunset Boulevard" when he was signing autographs.

Smith is the brother of Michael Lee Smith, the singer of rock band Starz.



</doc>
<doc id="3083311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3083311" title="Michael Trucco">
Michael Trucco

Edward Michael Trucco (born June 22, 1970) is an American actor known for his role as Samuel T. Anders on the reimagined "Battlestar Galactica" and his recurring role as Nick Podarutti in "How I Met Your Mother". He also appeared on the 2017–2018 Netflix series "Disjointed", as Tae Kwon Douglas.

A native of San Mateo, California, Trucco attended Junipero Serra High School. He is the son of a police officer, and was once interested in becoming one himself until college, when he was attracted to theatrical performance. He took a theatre course for non-majors while he was studying Criminal Justice, but he did so well that he was asked to consider changing majors. He changed majors and completed his bachelor's degree in Theatre Arts at Santa Clara University.

Trucco became active in television in the late 1990s with appearances in episodes of "Touched by an Angel", "Silk Stalkings", "Beverly Hills, 90210", "", and "" among others. He continued appearing in shows of similar genres like "", "Heartbeart", "Strong Medicine", "", and others into the 2000s. He played Cooper Lee in six episodes of "One Tree Hill" from 2005 to 2006.

In 2002, Trucco starred in "". In 2005, he joined the drama "Battlestar Galactica" in the role of Samuel T. Anders. In 2008, he guest-starred on NBC's "" and "The Big Bang Theory". In 2010, he guest-starred on ABC's series "Castle" as Detective Tom Demming. In 2010, Trucco was cast as a series regular in the USA Network series "Fairly Legal".

Trucco guest-starred in a season 6 episode of "How I Met Your Mother" in 2011, and had a recurring role in the show's eighth season. He played the recurring character Nate Ryan in the second season of "Revenge".

Most recently, he played Elliot's brother in the 2017 film "The Bye Bye Man".

Trucco is also the lead guitarist of the band Simpleworld.

On Sunday, December 2, 2007, Trucco was involved in a car accident with a friend who was driving a Ferrari 360 on the Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu, California. The vehicle flipped on an embankment, landing upside-down, impacting Trucco's side of the car. Trucco was badly injured in the accident, fracturing four of his vertebrae, while his friend walked away uninjured. He has stated that he initially lost feeling in his arms. He was eventually able to get out of the vehicle after regaining feeling in his hands and used his cell phone to call for emergency help. He was airlifted to UCLA Medical Center for a surgery and there were some complications although he made a full recovery. As of December 10, 2007, Trucco was out of the hospital and expected to make a full recovery. Doctors said he was extremely lucky, suffering almost the same injury as Christopher Reeve.



</doc>
<doc id="3084279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3084279" title="Mark Setlock">
Mark Setlock

Mark Setlock (born June 26, 1968 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a digital portrait artist and former American actor and playwright living in New York, NY.

He attended the Institute for Advanced Theater Training of the American Repertory Theater at Harvard University. He won the 2000 Outer Critics Circle Award for best solo performance in a tie with Olympia Dukakis, and received a Drama Desk nomination for "Fully Committed", which he helped create with playwright Becky Mode, and has performed in LA, Boston, Portland (Oregon), Bay Street Theatre, and London's West End. He was featured in the 1994 workshop and the Original Broadway Company of "Rent". He collaborated with Playwright Steve Murray on an adaptation of the screenplay It's A Wonderful Life, called This Wonderful Life which premiered in Portland, Oregon in 2005, and has been produced regionally. With Matthew Wilkas, Setlock is a co-author of "Pageant Play", a satire about the world of child beauty pageants, produced in July 2008 at the Berkshire Theatre Festival. Recent roles in New York: "The Last Sunday In June", "Roulette", "Tea and Sympathy", "The Safety Net", and "Never Tell". Television: "", "Law & Order", "All My Children", Film: "New Suit", "Life In Flight", "Gangster's Crib".




</doc>
<doc id="3087296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3087296" title="Bill Randolph">
Bill Randolph

Bill Randolph (born October 11, 1953) is an American actor who has starred in films and appeared on television.

He starred with Mercedes Hall (mother of Anthony Michael Hall) in Lanny Meyer and Arthur Morey's social protest disco musical "St. Joan of the Microphone", which played in New York City parks and festivals, including the Lincoln Center Outdoor Festival, in the summer of 1977. He created the role of the club heart-throb, Supersonic Phil Harmonic.

Randolph's first feature film was the horror movie "Dressed to Kill" (1980), but he is best known for his role in the 1981 horror movie "Friday the 13th Part 2" as Jeffrey. He also starred in the 1989 movie "Penn & Teller Get Killed", and his most recent movie appearance was in the 1991 film "Guilty as Charged".

He made guest appearances on TV shows such as "Hill Street Blues" and "As the World Turns". Randolph starred in the short lived TV series "Comedy Zone" in 1984, and in the series "Trauma Center".


</doc>
<doc id="3088588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3088588" title="Clayton Landey">
Clayton Landey

Clayton Landey is an American actor who has appeared in films and television shows. He is perhaps best known for his role in the TV series "Knots Landing" as James Westmont from 1982-1983; he also appeared on the HBO series "1st & Ten" as Roger Barrow.

Landey's appearances include the 1987 horror movie "" and the 1990 film "Pump Up the Volume" as the reporter Shep Sheppard, and "Intellectual Property". Landey has appeared on TV shows including "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Dynasty", "Babylon 5", "" season seven episode "", and in "". He currently has a recurring role on the Tyler Perry series "If Loving You Is Wrong" as Captain Daniel Mackey.

Landey was married to actress Lin Shaye. He grew up in the South Bronx, and is Jewish.


</doc>
<doc id="3089254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3089254" title="Jun Hee Lee">
Jun Hee Lee

Jun Hee Lee is a Korean-American actor. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri and he attended Boston University.

Jun Hee most recently recurred on "" as criminalist Dennis Fung.

Lee's film roles include: "Derrick" in "Vampires Suck", "Jimmy" in "", the titular character in the 2004 film "Ethan Mao", and as "Kevin" in the gory independent horror film "KatieBird *Certifiable Crazy Person".

His other TV credits include: "Quan" on "The Mindy Project", "Simon" on "House", and he also made guest starring roles in the popular Nickelodeon TV series "Drake & Josh".

Lee also voiced the blind, teenage assassin "Con Smith" in the video game "Killer7" for GameCube and PS2, and he was the host of AZN's prime TV show "Asia Street" as well as the host for AZN's most watched music video show "Revolution".


</doc>
<doc id="3089617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3089617" title="Eric Garcetti">
Eric Garcetti

Eric Michael Garcetti (born February 4, 1971) is an American politician serving as the 42nd and current mayor of Los Angeles since 2013. A member of the Democratic Party, he was first elected in the 2013 election and won reelection in 2017. A former member of the Los Angeles City Council, Garcetti served as council president from 2006 to 2012. He is the city's first elected Jewish mayor, its youngest mayor in history, and its second consecutive Mexican American mayor.

Garcetti was born on February 4, 1971 at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles and was raised in Encino, in the San Fernando Valley. He is the son of Sukey (née Roth) and Gil Garcetti, the former Los Angeles County District Attorney.

Garcetti's paternal grandfather, Salvador, was born in Parral, Chihuahua, Mexico. Salvador was brought by his family to the United States as a child after his father, Massimo "Max" Garcetti, was murdered by hanging during the Mexican Revolution. Max had immigrated to Mexico from Italy, where he married a Mexican woman and became a judge. His paternal grandmother, Juanita Iberri, was born in Arizona, one of 19 children born to an immigrant father from Sonora, Mexico and an Arizona-born mother whose father and mother were both Mexican.

Garcetti's maternal grandparents were from Russian Jewish immigrant families. His maternal grandfather, Harry Roth, founded and ran the clothing brand Louis Roth Clothes.

Garcetti attended elementary school at UCLA Lab School, formerly University Elementary School; and middle and high school at Harvard-Westlake School. While in high school, he was a member of the Junior State of America, a national civic engagement and political debate organization for students.

Garcetti majored in political science and urban planning and received a Bachelor of Arts from Columbia University in 1992 as a John Jay Scholar. During that time, he served on the student council, was president of the St. Anthony Hall fraternity and literary society, founded the Columbia Urban Experience, and co-wrote and performed in three years of the "Varsity Show," a student-written musical, whose past co-writers include Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II, and Lorenz Hart. He also received a Masters of International Affairs from the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University, graduating in 1993. He met his future wife while they were both studying as Rhodes Scholars at The Queen's College, Oxford. He later studied for a PhD in ethnicity and nationalism at the London School of Economics.

Prior to his election to the Los Angeles City Council, Garcetti was a visiting instructor of international affairs at the University of Southern California and an assistant professor of diplomacy and world affairs at Occidental College. His academic work focused on ethnic conflict and nationalism in Southeast Asia and Northeast Africa. During this time, he published articles and chapters of books on post-conflict societies, Eritrean nationalism, and non-violent action. He has served on the California board of Human Rights Watch, and currently serves on the advisory board for Young Storytellers, an arts education nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles.

City Council District 13 was left vacant after incumbent Jackie Goldberg was elected to the State Assembly in 2000. Garcetti ran for the open seat and was elected in 2001, narrowly defeating former city council member Michael Woo. He was re-elected again in 2005 and 2009.

Garcetti served as council president from January 1, 2006 to January 12, 2012. He was elected by his colleagues to succeed Alex Padilla, who resigned after being elected to the California State Senate. He was one of the first elected officials in Los Angeles to hold "office hours" each month, where constituents can meet with him face-to-face. He implemented a "Constituent Bill of Rights" that ensures that constituents' phone calls are returned within a single workday, that constituents are included in all land-use decisions in their neighborhood, and that all constituent concerns are tracked on a computer system that details all actions taken on that particular case. He ensured that the meetings started on time, and all past meetings were made available online. He has also helped more than 1,500 local constituents learn about the governmental process by hosting Government and Planning 101 courses throughout the city.

In 2004, Garcetti authored Proposition O, a county stormwater bond which sought to clean the city's waterways. Voters approved the bond with just over 76% of the vote, making it the largest clean water bond in the United States.

In 2005, Garcetti helped found the Los Angeles Neighborhood Land Trust. He authored two of the nation's most far-reaching municipal green building ordinances: the first requires all city buildings to be built to the LEED-certified standard, and the second mandates that all commercial buildings of more than in Los Angeles be built to a LEED standard. He supported changes in the city's landscape ordinance and plumbing codes to promote water conservation.

In July 2010, Garcetti, then council president, weakened a 2009 lawn watering ordinance, allowing watering three days per week instead of two. The ordinance restricting watering to two days a week had been passed 13 months earlier by Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa. While it helped the city cut its water use and cope with ongoing drought, the measure was unpopular and was accused of causing pressure fluctuations and water main breaks. A "Los Angeles Times" editorial said that the city council's changes to the watering ordinance was a "death knell for one of the best collective environmental efforts made by the citizens of Los Angeles".

Garcetti worked to have Historic Filipinotown designated a Preserve America Community. He championed renovating the Hollywood Palladium by Live Nation Entertainment, which was at risk of being demolished. He has also faced public scrutiny for developments that unexpectedly demolished and built over cultural and historic landmarks. One example is three small buildings at historic Sunset Junction that were demolished to make way for a large condominium development. A spokesperson for Garcetti expressed disappointment that the developer took action without first notifying the city council, which had discussed community concerns.

In his district, Garcetti helped create the Neighborhood Leadership Institute, which trains constituents to be active citizens, as well as the Uniting Neighborhoods to Abolish Graffiti (UNTAG) program, which has reduced graffiti in his district over 78% in its first four years.

During his first term, as chair and member of the Housing, Community, and Economic Development Committee, he helped create a $100 million housing trust fund. He has also worked to revitalize the Hollywood area and reform the city business tax.

With incumbent mayor Antonio Villaraigosa ineligible to run again because of term limits, Garcetti declared his candidacy on September 8, 2011. The election was held on March 5, 2013. As no candidate received a majority of the primary votes to be elected outright, the top two finishers (Garcetti and City Controller Wendy Greuel) advanced to a runoff vote. Bolstered by the Los Angeles Teachers Union's endorsement, 
Garcetti was elected on May 21 with 53.9% of votes, defeating Greuel. The next day, he met with Villaraigosa, who worked with him over the rest of his own tenure to better the transition. His term began on July 1, 2013.

Garcetti was re-elected with 81.4% of the vote on March 7, 2017. Although he avoided a runoff election this time, voter turnout was relatively low at 20%. Due to a change in the city's election calendar to align mayoral elections with statewide elections, his second term will last for five years and six months instead of the usual four years.

Garcetti's tenure as mayor has been described as both progressive and pragmatic. He cites his method as striking a balance on delivering on liberal goals for the city, while simultaneously taking a more libertarian approach to government reform.

In a memo in October 2013, Garcetti instructed department heads to develop a "starting point" budget based on the 5% cut from the previous year. In April 2014, he unveiled a "hold-the-line" budget for the coming fiscal year, which proposed modest increases in a number of city services and zero reduction in the business tax. His financial proposal of $8.1 billion required approval from the city council and closed the $242 million gap "in part by relying on increased tax revenue projections and reductions in vacant positions". That August, he announced he would begin his annual review of every city general manager as part of his commitment to improve accountability among Los Angeles officials.

The financial plan assumed the city's workforce, which included police officers and firefighters, would not receive raises in the coming year. One of the proposed changes was to merge the city's police and fire dispatch centers to streamline and improve response time to 911 calls for emergencies and fires. Mayoral aides said such a change would take multiple years to complete. Garcetti said he hoped to increase funding for the Los Angeles Police Department, the department making up nearly 44% of the fund already and most of the increase would go towards new technology for officers. The plan was scheduled to go into effect on July 1, adding eight hours per week to the city's branch library operations. The number of code enforcement officers assigned to look for unpermitted construction and other neighborhood issues, would increase from 25 to 38. He also announced other changes, such as creating a $1.4 million innovation fund to transform city services, breaking the command structure at the Los Angeles Fire Department into four geographic regions, and hiring 140 firefighters to cope with attrition.

In May 2014, Garcetti announced he was bringing aboard Krisztina Holly and Amir Tehrani, two entrepreneurs in residence, to develop policies for "helping business startup and entrepreneurs in Los Angeles grow". "We want L.A. to be the leading destination for people starting new businesses, and there are no better guides for our efforts than successful entrepreneurs themselves," he said.

That summer, Garcetti met with Governor of California Jerry Brown and legislative leaders during his first visit to Sacramento since taking office as mayor. He pushed the governor to expand the current film production tax credit, awarding $100 million annually, to stop productions from leaving the state. He later reported that Brown had agreed to support expanding the tax credit, though it was unclear how large the expansion would be. He wanted $420 million, equal to New York's credit. The amount was also four times the size of California's current $100 million offering.

On September 1, 2014, Garcetti led a rally at a park in South Los Angeles, where he proposed creating a minimum wage in Los Angeles that could reach $13.25 after three years. He received support from several members of the city council, who would have to approve of the increase. He released an economic analysis, which was prepared by academics at University of California, Berkeley, that stated an "L.A. wage of $13.25—$4.25 more than the state minimum of $9—would significantly improve the lot of low-income workers and impose minimal burdens on business." Business leaders warned that boosting pay too quickly could stifle the slowly rebounding local economy (California's minimum wage then was $9, having increased from $8 on July 1). His proposed ordinance would require businesses to increase workers' pay from the state minimum to at least $10.25 in 2015, $11.75 in 2016 and $13.25 in 2017. Beginning in 2018, additional adjustments in Los Angeles would be automatically tied to an inflation index. Later that month, he expressed his support for the city council to vote on a new citywide law requiring large hotels to pay $15.37 an hour, adding that it would not conflict with his drive to raise the city's minimum wage. He aligned himself with the Fight for 15 movement when he signed legislation in 2015 to gradually raise the minimum wage in Los Angeles to $15 per hour.

In December 2017, Garcetti officially proclaimed November 19 to be Women's Entrepreneurship Day in Los Angeles. This followed similar declarations made by New York City mayor Bill de Blasio, Philadelphia mayor Jim Kenney, and New York governor Andrew Cuomo.

A study released in June 2019 by the Los Angeles Homeless Service Authority (LAHSA) found that homelessness compared to the previous year surged by 16 percent to nearly 60,000 homeless on the streets of Los Angeles. Recent legal decisions in the Ninth Circuit limiting enforcement capability of LAPD to remove homeless encampments has contributed to the crisis. Garcetti responded to the report by saying “Skyrocketing rents statewide and federal disinvestment in affordable housing, combined with an epidemic of untreated trauma and mental illness, is pushing people into homelessness faster than they can be lifted out”.

In July 2014, Garcetti announced the Los Angeles Police Department would stop honoring most federal requests for detaining arrestees so they can be investigated for deportation. He stated that Los Angeles was joining with other jurisdictions to end the practice of detaining people for being in the United States illegally with no judicial review and uttered that the detainment policy was expensive to local government and erodes public trust in the police department. "The federal government has the luxury of waiting to act," he said. "Here at the local level, we are carrying out what the federal government should be doing." Later that month, he confirmed Los Angeles would help shelter immigrant children who have been detained after crossing the border and had begun talks with a federal agency about doing so.

Garcetti worked together with Los Angeles County Supervisor Hilda Solis to create the $10 million L.A. Justice Fund, which provides legal services to illegal immigrants facing deportation.

In 2013, Garcetti pledged to that 5% of the Los Angeles Fire Department's firefighters would be women by 2020. As of 2018, 3.1% of the department's firefighters are women.

On March 20, 2014, Garcetti responded to criticism of the department's hiring system that eliminated thousands of qualified applicants by announcing he was canceling the process. He said he had "determined that the Fire Department's recruiting process is fatally flawed". The mayor's office announced that the next scheduled Fire Academy class of 70 cadets would not be held, and that no further hiring would be made from the current civil service list (nearly 25% of the 70 recruits eventually hired were related to LAFD firefighters). It later stated that the RAND Corporation had been asked to help in reforming the recruiting process. The decision was met with mixed reception.

In July 2016, Garcetti was part of a 25-person contingent from Los Angeles to Rio de Janeiro to promote their city's bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. That November, he led a presentation with six-time gold medalist sprinter Allyson Felix to an array of Olympic leaders and sports officials at a general assembly for the Association of National Olympic Committees in Doha, Qatar.

Ultimately, the International Olympic Committee decided to make Paris the host of the 2024 games, while awarding Los Angeles the 2028 Summer Olympics. In preparation for hosting the games, Garcetti launched the Twenty-eight by '28 initiative, which gives accelerated priority to the city's most crucial transit infrastructure projects. He also appointed former ambassador Nina Hachigian as Deputy Mayor for International Affairs to help coordinate the Olympics games as well as broadening the city's global relations in general.

In July 2014, the Los Angeles Police Protective League stated its plans to file an unfair labor practices complaint with the city's Employee Relations Board to block Garcetti and police chief Charlie Beck from discussing directly with officers the proposed one-year contract that had been previously rejected. The proposal provided $70 million in overtime for that year and $50 million to buy back some of the $120 million in banked overtime while also containing no cost-of-living increase.
Protective League President Tyler Izen said that while the union understood the mayor's intentions, he believed speaking directly to the officers could violate fair bargaining rules.

Garcetti found a way around the legal threats by posting a video on YouTube on July 24, noting that under the proposed contract, salaries for officers hired during the recession would be increased and overtime would no longer be given as time off, instead paid in cash. "The sacrifices you made on overtime were emergency measures—never intended to be permanent. And I understand the toll these emergency measures have taken. Not just on your pocketbook but on the LAPD as a whole", Garcetti said.

Other major changes made to the department during Garcetti's tenure include purchasing 7,000 body-worn cameras for the city's patrol officers as well as adding more than 200 officers to the LAPD Metropolitan Division to control the crime rate, which had increased in 2014.

Garcetti nominated four new appointees to the Board of Water and Power Commissioners: Jill Banks Barad, Michael F. Fleming, William W. Funderburk Jr., and former congressman Mel Levine. The four commissioners were confirmed by the city council on September 11, 2013, joining Villaraigosa appointee Christina E. Noonan on the panel.

In August 2013, Garcetti said he would sign off on a proposed four-year contract with Los Angeles Department of Water and Power workers. Officials estimated the contract would save $6.1 billion over 30 years. In large part, the deal was expected to save money by cutting the pension benefits of new hires and workers going without raises in pay for three years. The deal was largely worked out before Garcetti took office the previous month; he initially balked at the contract before coming around when negotiators tweaked the proposal to allow for further talks on the issue.

Garcetti accepted the agreement due to provisions, which included a labor-management council to review work rules that add to LADWP workers' salaries, a modified health care system and an added pension tier for new workers and a broadened effort to reduce the disparity in pay with other city workers. In January 2014, he nominated Marcie Edwards to head the Department of Water and Power, who was confirmed on February 21.

In July 2013, Garcetti called for "calm in the streets" after the acquittal of George Zimmerman three days earlier. While acknowledging the similarities between the Zimmerman case and the 1992 Rodney King riots, he insisted the city had come a long way.

In April 2014, the mayor was joined by current and former NBA players to praise the disciplinary actions taken by the league against L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling for his publicized racist remarks, saying that the remarks "do not represent Los Angeles". He stated during an interview that the Sterling controversy was "a defining issue" for the city and required a strong response from elected leaders. He stated that he expected Sterling to put up a "long, protracted fight" and that his continued ownership could prove harmful to the franchise.

In May 2014, Officer Shaun Hillmann received a 65-day suspension after recorded remarks of him referring to an African-American man as a "monkey" were aired on television. The next day, Garcetti said Hillmann's statements were "reprehensible" and that the officer should have received a "stiffer" punishment.

On his first full day as mayor, Garcetti proclaimed that Los Angeles was beginning to leave behind its culture of car ownership. Promoting the Great Streets Initiative, he said the effort represents "a shift from the way that our neighborhoods have been planned in Los Angeles", with a new focus on "walkability and transit". Seeking to bolster the street-level health of the city, he encouraged developing plans to make several dozen boulevards more hospitable to pedestrians, cyclists and small businesses. A pedestrian-friendly project in downtown on Broadway finished up in December 2014 that widened the sidewalks and replaced the parking lane with planters, chairs and round café tables with red umbrellas.

In April 2014, Garcetti signed into law a new waste franchise agreement, which was planned to expanded recycling to businesses and apartments. He had first proposed the program three years earlier, when he was serving on the city council. Contrasting it with the recycling program used in the city's residential areas, he said, "What we have had on the commercial and apartment side has been the Wild West, with multiple trucks on the same street, with no standards." He stated his goal was to have 90% of all trash recycled by 2025.

That same year, Garcetti co-founded Mayors National Climate Action Agenda, along with Houston mayor Annise Parker and Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter. The association is composed of 379 United States mayors with the stated goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. It is committed to upholding the emissions goals of the Paris Agreement on climate change, and opposes the Trump Administration's decision to withdraw from the pact.

In April 2015, Garcetti released a long-range plan for making the city more economically and environmentally sustainable. The city's first-ever 'Sustainable City Plan' consists of both short-term (by 2017) and long-term (by 2025 and 2035) goals in 14 categories related to our environment, our economy, and equity encompassing water conservation, clean energy, waste, green jobs, transportation, housing, and neighborhood livability.

In January 2014, Garcetti announced a new plan to tackle earthquake safety, marking the 20th anniversary of the destructive Northridge earthquake.

In June 2014, Garcetti picked Seleta Reynolds to run the Los Angeles Department of Transportation (LADOT). Later that year, the mayor's office and LADOT released a strategic plan with a Vision Zero goal to eliminate all traffic deaths by the year 2025. Vision Zero is a multi-national road traffic safety project that aims to achieve a highway system with no fatalities or serious injuries involving road traffic.

Garcetti publicly encouraged the Los Angeles River Revitalization Corporation's collaboration with architect Frank Gehry on the River LA project. River LA is a nonprofit organization working to revitalize the Los Angeles River.

Garcetti opposed Measure S (originally known as the Neighborhood Integrity Initiative). The referendum would have imposed a two-year moratorium on development projects seeking variances from some aspects of the city's zoning code, made changes to the environmental impact statement requirements in the code, and required the city to update its comprehensive plan during the moratorium. On March 7, 2017, the measure failed with over two-thirds of voters rejecting it.

In June 2014, while calling the long wait times at the VA's Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System unacceptable, Garcetti pledged to secure 10,000 jobs for veterans by 2017. He also embraced the Obama administration's challenge to end veteran homelessness in Los Angeles within 17 months, stating that he would not accept that "veterans live in our city without a place of their own."
Results from the initiatives have been mixed. On the one hand, the jobs initiative, which offers tax credits to employers who hire veterans, has been generally successful, even surpassing Garcetti's original goal. On the other hand, the housing initiative has been more complicated. In a 2017 interview with the "Los Angeles Times", Garcetti said that he deserved credit for housing 8,000 veterans, as well as persuading voters to pass Proposition HHH in 2016, which sought to drastically expand the number of apartment units built in the city. However, while the measure was approved overwhelmingly, the funding appropriated by Proposition HHH could potentially fall short of the 10,000 apartment units it was intended to build.

On January 14, 2014, Garcetti was in the passenger seat of an LAPD vehicle when the vehicle struck a pedestrian. The mayor's office said that the mayor had been on his phone and not seen the crash, and had been interviewed by investigators. Battalion Chief Stephen J. Ruda of the LAFD reported the female pedestrian "was stable and alert, responding to our paramedics" before she was rushed to Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center. Hospital spokesperson Rosa Saca said the woman was stable and had been admitted overnight. Garcetti visited the woman in the hospital the next day and stated "We had a nice conversation and I am very pleased that she is in good spirits. I wish her a speedy recovery."

On June 16, 2014, while speaking at the championship celebration for the Los Angeles Kings hockey team, Garcetti cautioned: "There are two rules in politics – never be pictured with a drink in your hand, and never swear." He then held up an empty beer bottle and said, "But this is a big fucking day", prompting a standing ovation from the Kings players and the crowd. The incident attracted some controversy. When he appeared on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" later that evening, Garcetti told the late night TV host, "It was hockey; it wasn't a match of lawn bowls." The following day, speaking at a luncheon at the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza, he apologized to those who found what he said offensive and suggested they lighten up. He argued that it was "something that plenty of people have heard in their lives for sure".

In February 2016, local CBS affiliate KCBS-TV reported that in the month before Garcetti's State of the City address, where he praised landscaping company Turf Terminators, the company's employees, friends, and relatives had donated $45,000 to his re-election campaign and to his nonprofit Mayor's Fund for Los Angeles. Garcetti told KCBS-TV that the donations were legal and the sequence of events was a coincidence.

A 2019 Los Angeles County report on missteps in the government's handling of the 2018 Woolsey Fire response cited the unavailability of firefighting units during critical times of the fire, which was the most destructive in county history. During this time, Garcetti personally made a request to fire officials to check the status of a private residence in Bell Canyon. The report states: "a significant number of requests by political figures to check on specific addresses of homes to ensure their protection distracted from Department leadership to accomplish priority objectives."

Garcetti endorsed Barack Obama in early spring 2007 and was the southern California chairman and one of six state co-chairs for the Obama campaign. He traveled to Iowa, Nevada, and six other states, and was a frequent surrogate (in English and Spanish) for the campaign. He served as a superdelegate during the 2008 Democratic National Convention and was elected to serve as the Chair of Democratic Municipal Officials, an organization affiliated with the Democratic National Committee that represents all local elected Democrats in the United States.

On April 3, 2014, Garcetti was joined by Bill Clinton in hosting a half-day conference on alternate energy and improvements of infrastructure. It was the first time the two men had appeared together since his run for mayor the previous year, where Clinton had endorsed Wendy Greuel. Referencing the election, the former president accidentally said that Garcetti had been elected president, not mayor. Clinton told Garcetti that he "may become president one day".

On November 5, 2015, Garcetti's office issued a statement endorsing Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election. Controversy later emerged about the office using government resources to distribute a campaign-related proclamation.

Garcetti is a vocal opponent of the Yes California secessionist movement, saying, "I love this country too much to even consider an exit. I want to be a part of an America that continues to stand up for all of us, not bail on all our friends across the country."

As early as 2017, speculation had swirled around Garcetti's potential presidential run in 2020. In 2018, rumors continued about his political ambitions as he has made visits to early primary states. In April, he spent two days attending political events across Iowa. In May, he delivered the commencement address at Southern New Hampshire University in Manchester, New Hampshire. However, on January 29, 2019, Garcetti announced he would not run for president in 2020, opting to finish his term as mayor.

In April 2018, Garcetti met with Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. The meeting focused on continuing efforts to advance women's rights, and raised concerns about human rights and the ongoing humanitarian crisis in Yemen.

On September 22, 2019, Garcetti attended the rally of Armenia's prime minister Nikol Pashinyan at the Grand Park. He stated, "With this prime minister, a new day of sunshine has come to Armenia, a day of democracy, a day of openness, a day of no more corruption, a day where we can say in Los Angeles, it is time for us to pick up to visit, invest, to support, to help the new Armenia rise, and rise, and rise under the leadership of this prime minister."

From 2010 to 2012, then Councilor Garcetti appeared as "Ramon Quintero", the mayor of Los Angeles, on the fictional TNT television show "The Closer" and its spin-off "Major Crimes". His first appearance after becoming mayor was a 2016 episode of "Major Crimes". His father, Gil Garcetti, is a consulting producer on both series. Garcetti also made a cameo appearance, as a desk security guard working in the mayor's office, in the pilot episode of the TBS series "Angie Tribeca".

On April 16, 2014, Garcetti was joined by Jay Z in announcing during a news conference the Made in America Festival, scheduled to take place in the upcoming summer. "On Labor Day weekend, we’re going to celebrate our golden state of mind right here in L.A. with a sellout crowd, right here on the steps of City Hall and into Grand Park," Garcetti said during the news conference. Jay Z, addressing the city of Los Angeles as a whole, said "you all should be very proud of this incredible mayor you have".

In February 2016, Garcetti recorded a R&B song "101SlowJam", backed by musicians from the city's Roosevelt High School, issuing it via a video on his own YouTube channel. The public service announcement video advertised the closure of parts of the 101 Freeway. The 84-year-old Sixth Street Viaduct bridge is slated to be demolished and replaced by a new bridge.

In March 2016, Garcetti briefly appeared in one of the recurring segments on "The Late Late Show with James Corden" called "Take a Break", where host James Corden pretended to take over his position for a few hours. At the end of the segment, Garcetti takes back control from Corden having him escorted away by some security officers.

Garcetti is an avid photographer, jazz pianist, and composer. He served as a lieutenant in the United States Navy Reserve Information Dominance Corps from 2005 to 2013. On January 4, 2009, he married his longtime girlfriend Amy Elaine Wakeland. A Rhodes Scholar herself, the couple first met while studying at Oxford. They have one daughter, Maya Juanita, who is adopted. Her godfather is actor Evan Arnold, who has been a friend of Garcetti's since junior high school. Garcetti and his wife have also fostered seven children. Before being elected mayor, he and his family lived in Echo Park. 
He attends services at IKAR, a post-denominational Jewish congregation founded by Rabbi Sharon Brous. Speaking about his religion, Garcetti has said, "My parents aren't practicing, either of them... we celebrated Passover and Chanukah. I went to Jewish camp. I think I have become more of a practicing Jew or observant later in life. I came to my faith in college." His sister, Dana Garcetti-Boldt, is a former Los Angeles County deputy district attorney, who later became an acupuncturist. She currently works as an advisor to Los Angeles County Supervisor Janice Hahn.

Garcetti has been the recipient of the Green Cross Millennium Award for Local Environmental Leadership in 2003, the New Frontier Award presented by the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in 2006, and the NAACP "Person of the Year" in 2014.

Garcetti was awarded the honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) from Whittier College in 2015.




</doc>
<doc id="3090175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3090175" title="Mike Vogel">
Mike Vogel

Michael James Vogel (born July 17, 1979) is an American actor and former model. Vogel began acting in 2001 and has appeared in several films and series, including "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", "Grind", "Poseidon", "Blue Valentine", "The Help", "Bates Motel", "Cloverfield", "Under the Dome" and "The Case for Christ". He starred as the male lead in the NBC military drama series "The Brave" for the 2017–18 season.

Vogel was born in Abington Township, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia, to Kathy and Jim Vogel, and was raised in Warminster Township, Pennsylvania. He is of German descent. Both of his grandfathers fought in World War II; one was a tank commander who fought in the Battle of the Bulge, and the other was a Seabee in the Navy. Vogel has two younger siblings: a brother, Daniel Aaron, and a sister, Kristin. He attended William Tennent High School, where Vogel was on the freshman wrestling team. 

He also attended Cairn University in Langhorne, Pennsylvania in 1998. During the early 2000s, he frequently traveled to New York City in order to audition for acting roles and modeling slots.

Vogel began modeling jeans for the iconic Levi Strauss & Company. He was subsequently cast in the television series "Grounded for Life", appearing in a recurring role between 2001 and 2004. 

His first film role was in the skateboarding-themed "Grind", which was released on August 15, 2003. The film's co-stars included Adam Brody and Jennifer Morrison. Vogel's next role was in the made-for-television remake of "Wuthering Heights", which premiered on MTV in September 2003. In the film, Vogel played Heath opposite Erika Christensen's Kate. Vogel's last 2003 role was in the remake of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", which was released in October and had high box office performance.

In 2005, after "Grounded for Life" was canceled, Vogel appeared in four film roles. First, he played Eric Richman, the romantic interest of Blake Lively's character in "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants", which had a June release. His next role was the lead in the low-budget film, "Supercross", which was theatrically released in August. Vogel filmed his role in "Havoc", a dark, R-rated drama also starring Anne Hathaway, in 2003, but the film was not released until November 2005. It bypassed theaters and was released directly-to-video. Vogel's final 2005 role was in "Rumor Has It...", starring Jennifer Aniston, in which he had a supporting role as the son of Kevin Costner's character.
Vogel's first 2006 role was in the disaster film "Poseidon", a remake of the 1972 film "The Poseidon Adventure"; he plays the fiancé of Emmy Rossum's character. The film, which had a budget of $160m, opened on May 12 and grossed $181,674,817 at the international box office. Vogel was originally offered the role of Angel in "", but backed out to appear in "Poseidon". The same year, he appeared in "Caffeine", a romantic comedy and signed to appear in a horror movie called "Open Graves", shot in Spain. 

In 2007, Vogel appeared in the film "The Deaths of Ian Stone", part of the horror film festival 8 Films to Die For. In 2009, Vogel starred in the neo-noir film "Across the Hall" and the horror film "Open Graves". He was part of the 2010 romantic comedy film "She's Out of My League", "Blue Valentine", TV series "Miami Medical", and "Heaven's Rain".

Vogel was part of the 2011 comedy film "What's Your Number?" and plays Johnny Foote in the film adaption "The Help". He most recently played Dean on the short-lived ABC drama "Pan Am" (based on the history of the defunct airline of the same name).

In 2013, he participated in Howard Goldberg's comedy "Jake Squared", where he plays against among others, Elias Koteas, Virginia Madsen and Jane Seymour. He also appeared in "McCanick", and the first six episodes of "Bates Motel". This was A&E's contemporary prequel series to the 1959 novel "Psycho".

BuddyTV ranked him #96 on its list of "TV's Sexiest Men of 2011".

Vogel starred as Dale "Barbie" Barbara on the CBS science fiction drama series "Under the Dome", based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King. The show aired as a summer series on CBS; it ran for three seasons on the network, ending in September 2015.

In 2014, Vogel received a role in the "Hallmark Hall of Fame"'s romantic TV movie "In My Dreams", in which he played opposite, among others, Katharine McPhee and JoBeth Williams. In the same year he played in the drama thriller "The Boy", which tells the story of a 9-year-old sociopath, who was played by Jared Breeze.

In 2015, Vogel starred in the miniseries "Childhood's End", based on the novel of the same name written by Arthur C. Clarke.

In 2017, Vogel starred in the film adaptation of Lee Strobel's "The Case for Christ", portraying the author and teaming up again with co-star Erika Christensen.

On September 25, 2017, NBC debuted "The Brave", for the 2017–18 season. A small team of hardcore military-intelligence agents from varied branches of the service is selected for special, difficult missions. Among the leads is Vogel's character, Capt. Adam Dalton, the team's communications director and a former Delta Force operative. He reports to the character played by series lead Anne Heche. The series was cancelled after one season.

In December 2018, it was announced that Vogel will star in the Netflix psychological thriller "Secret Obsession". The film was released on July 18, 2019.

In February 2019, Vogel will play in the lead role of David Roman in the ABC science-fiction pilot "Triangle" which was written by Jon Feldman and Sonny Postiglione. ABC passed on the project in September 2019.

Vogel married Courtney, a former model, in January 2003. They have three children together: Cassy Renee, born 2007; Charlee B., born 2009; and Gabriel James Vogel, born 2013. The family resides in Nashville, Tennessee. They also have a pug, and two horses.


</doc>
<doc id="3091680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3091680" title="Gene Reynolds">
Gene Reynolds

Eugene Reynolds Blumenthal (April 4, 1923 – February 3, 2020), better known as Gene Reynolds, was an American actor, television writer, director, and producer. He was one of the producers of the TV series "M*A*S*H".

Reynolds was born on April 4, 1923, to Frank Eugene Blumenthal, a businessman and entrepreneur, and Maude Evelyn (Schwab) Blumenthal, a model, in Cleveland, Ohio. He was of Jewish heritage. Reynolds was raised in Detroit initially, and then the family relocated to Los Angeles in 1934. Reynolds served in the United States Navy during World War II.

He made his screen debut in the 1934 "Our Gang" short "Washee Ironee", and for the next three decades made numerous appearances in films such as "In Old Chicago" (1937), "Captains Courageous" (1937), "Love Finds Andy Hardy" (1938), "Boys Town" (1938), "They Shall Have Music" (1939), "Santa Fe Trail" (1940), "Adventure in Washington" (1941), "Eagle Squadron" (1942) and "The Country Girl" (1954) and on television series like "I Love Lucy", "Armstrong Circle Theatre", "Whirlybirds", and "Hallmark Hall of Fame". He was contracted to MGM between 1937 and 1940.

In 1957, Reynolds joined forces with Frank Gruber and James Brooks to create "Tales of Wells Fargo" for NBC. During the program's five-year run he wrote and directed numerous episodes. Additional directing credits include multiple episodes of "Leave It to Beaver", "The Andy Griffith Show", "The Farmer's Daughter", "My Three Sons", "F Troop", "Hogan's Heroes", "Room 222", and "Many Happy Returns".

As a writer, director, and producer, Reynolds was involved with two highly successful CBS series in the 1970s and early 1980s. Between 1972 and 1983, he produced 120 episodes of "M*A*S*H", which he co-created with Larry Gelbart, and for which he also wrote 11 episodes and directed 24. During that same period, he produced 22 episodes of "Lou Grant", for which he wrote (or co-wrote) five episodes and directed 11.

Reynolds has been nominated for twenty-four Emmy Awards and won six times, including Outstanding Comedy Series for "M*A*S*H" and Outstanding Drama Series twice for "Lou Grant", which also earned him a Humanitas Prize. He won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Direction of a Comedy Series twice for his work on "M*A*S*H" and the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Direction of a Drama Series once for his work on "Lou Grant".

Reynolds was elected President of the Directors Guild of America in 1993, a post he held until 1997.

Reynolds was married to actress-turned-author Bonnie Jones, who appeared in five episodes of "M*A*S*H" as Lt. Barbara Bannerman, from 1972 until 1975, when the couple divorced. He and his second wife, actress Ann Sweeny, who also appeared on "M*A*S*H" as Nurse Carrie Donovan in two episodes, married in 1979 and have one son, Andrew Reynolds.

Reynolds died at the age of 96 of heart failure on February 3, 2020, at Providence St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3093162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3093162" title="Shawn Harrison (actor)">
Shawn Harrison (actor)

Shawn Harrison (born December 28, 1973) is an American actor best known for having played Waldo Faldo, the dim-witted but lovable chef-in-training who is best friend to characters Eddie Winslow and Steve Urkel, on the sitcom "Family Matters". He appeared on the ABC series from 1990-1996.

In 1986, Harrison made an appearance in the Kidsongs video, "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing", where he played the role of Mike.

Harrison has also made occasional appearances as the effeminate stylist "Peaches" on the UPN sitcom "Girlfriends" which ran between 2002 and 2007, and made several guest appearances on other series prior to that, including "Moesha".

He provided the voice of Timber Wolf on the animated series "Legion of Super Heroes", which premiered in the Fall of 2006.


</doc>
<doc id="3093897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3093897" title="George Grizzard">
George Grizzard

George Cooper Grizzard Jr. (April 1, 1928 – October 2, 2007) was an American stage, television and film actor. He was the recipient of a Grammy Award, a Primetime Emmy Award and a Tony Award, among other accolades.

Grizzard was born in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, the son of Mary Winifred (née Albritton) and George Cooper Grizzard, an accountant.

Grizzard was raised in Washington, D.C. and attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, returning to Washington after graduation to work in advertising. He began his acting career at Washington's Arena Stage.

Grizzard memorably appeared as an unscrupulous United States senator in the film "Advise and Consent" in 1962. His other theatrical films included the drama "From the Terrace" with Paul Newman (1960), the Western story "Comes a Horseman" with Jane Fonda (1978), and a Neil Simon comedy, "Seems Like Old Times" (1980).

Grizzard made his Broadway debut in "The Desperate Hours" in 1955. He was a frequent interpreter of the plays of Edward Albee, having appeared in the original 1962 production of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" as Nick which won him a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album along with his castmates. He also appeared in the 1996 revival of "A Delicate Balance" and the 2005 revival of "Seascape". He also starred in "You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running". He won the 1996 Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play for "A Delicate Balance". Additional Broadway credits include "The Creation of the World and Other Business", "The Glass Menagerie", "The Country Girl", "The Royal Family", and "California Suite".

Grizzard guest-starred several times during the 1990s on the NBC television drama "Law & Order" as defense attorney Arthur Gold. He also portrayed President John Adams in the Emmy Award-winning WNET-produced PBS miniseries "The Adams Chronicles". In 1980, he won an Emmy for his work in "The Oldest Living Graduate". He starred as reporter Richard Larsen in "The Deliberate Stranger", a television movie about serial killer Ted Bundy. 

He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2002.

Grizzard died in Manhattan of complications from lung cancer. According to his "New York Times" obituary, his only survivor was his long-time companion William Tynan. Grizzard had kept his sexuality private during his life.



</doc>
<doc id="3094666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3094666" title="Yuri Lowenthal">
Yuri Lowenthal

Yuri Lowenthal (born March 5, 1971) is an American actor, producer and screenwriter known chiefly for his voice-over work in cartoon, anime and video games. Some of his prominent roles in animations and anime include Sasuke Uchiha in "Naruto", teenage Ben Tennyson in "Ben 10", Jinnosuke in "Afro Samurai", Simon in "Gurren Lagann" and Suzaku Kururugi in "Code Geass". In video games, he voices The Prince in Ubisoft's "Prince of Persia", Alucard in "Castlevania", Hayate/Ein in "Dead or Alive", Matt Miller in "Saints Row", the protagonist in "Persona 3", Yosuke Hanamura in "Persona 4", Marth in "Fire Emblem" and Peter Parker / Spider-Man in Insomniac's "Spider-Man". He has a production company, Monkey Kingdom Productions, with his wife, Tara Platt, where they have produced several feature films and a live action web series called "Shelf Life". He co-authored the book "Voice-Over Voice Actor".

Lowenthal was born in Alliance, Ohio, and raised in Nashville, Tennessee, later moving to Northern Virginia. His father worked for the United States Agency for International Development, and he spent two years in Niger in Africa. He didn't do much acting until the end of high school when he tried out for drama class in his senior year, but it was enough to get him interested in acting. His early exposure to anime was from shows such as "Speed Racer", "Star Blazers" and "Battle of the Planets".

At The College of William & Mary in Williamsburg, Virginia, he took classes in theatre but majored in East Asian studies where in his third year, he studied abroad in Osaka, Japan. He also participated in the school's gymnastics program and ROTC. After graduating in 1993, he joined the Japan Exchange and Teaching Programme (JET) where he served as a Coordinator of International Relations, helping out foreign English teachers in Shiga Prefecture. While at JET, he continued to participate in theatre and acting. After two years there, he still wanted to try acting full-time, and moved to New York City and participated in theatre in shows that were off-off-Broadway. He spent six years in New York doing theatre and indie films.

Lowenthal moved to Los Angeles and worked in live-action and theatre roles, To supplement his on-camera work, he and his wife Tara Platt took a voice-over class. Their instructor later happened to be directing the English dub for an anime show called "SD Gundam Force"; he got his first ever anime dub role there, and soon tried out for other anime roles as well as other voice-over work in animation, commercials, and video games. Lowenthal recalled that his first voice appearance in a video game might have also been for "SD Gundam Force".
Lowenthal's first major role in video game voice-overs was as the Prince in Ubisoft's "". In an interview with "Critical Gamer", he describes that role as "a very lucky break for me, because it ended up being a super game. We audition all the time for all different kinds of projects, and video games are one part of that, a part that I love." He said that "[he felt] that [he] in a way originated that role". Lowenthal did not return to voice the Prince in "Warrior Within", being replaced by Robin Atkin Downes. Lowenthal felt that this was a conscious decision by Ubisoft to fit in with the game's overall tonal shift, and thought it was the right decision. For "The Two Thrones", he returned to play the role, as fans had stated their preference for his portrayal of the character. The Prince became one of Lowenthal's favorite roles, and he was pleased to return to the role for "The Forgotten Sands". According to Lowenthal, his well-received performance put pressure on him in future games from both fans and staff, as he needed to remain true to and improve on his original portrayal. This ultimately gave him little creative freedom with the character after "The Sands of Time". For the reboots following the live-action films, the staff wanted a different portrayal of the Prince to Lowenthal's, and so recast the role.
Lowenthal continued voicing in other anime shows, including the lead character Haru Glory in "Rave Master", which had a run on Cartoon Network's Toonami line up. He also voiced a character in "Zatch Bell!" which had a notable run on Cartoon Network. He starred in a number of anime shows such as: "Girls Bravo" where he played Yukinari, "Scrapped Princess" where he voiced Leo Skorpus, "Kyo Kara Maoh", where he voiced Yuuri Shibuya, and "Saiyuki Reload" where he voiced Son Goku.

When he auditioned for "Naruto", which was being directed by the same person who did "Rave Master", he had tried out for multiple roles including Sasuke Uchiha and Iruka, and got a call back for Sasuke. In an interview with Silionera, Lowenthal said that "It certainly allows me to go to some dark places as the series continues. And it makes Sasuke that much more interesting as a character. And that much more fun to play." The "Naruto" anime became one of the more popular anime shows in the U.S., and its sequel "Naruto Shippuden" has also aired on Adult Swim.

In 2007, Lowenthal was cast as Jinnosuke, aka "Kuma", a teddy-bear-headed warrior, in the anime feature "Afro Samurai" which starred Samuel L. Jackson as the title character. In an interview with Eastern Kicks, Lowenthal said that what he liked about Jinno was that he "starts off as one guy and ends up in a very different, very very dark place. Plus I got to kick Sam Jackson's ass. And they keep bringing him back from the dead for me to play again. And he's a twin-sword-wielding insane cyborg death machine with a giant teddy bear head. What's not to like?" He also said that they recorded the voicing for "Afro Samurai" separately so he did not get to meet Jackson personally until a release party for the related video game years later. Luke Carroll of Anime News Network described Lowenthal's voicing as a "good performance" but "not enough to make it more than an average dub at best". Dennis Amith of J-ENT! thought the voice acting was well done. Lowenthal would reprise the role in the 2009 feature "". Steve Fritz of Newsarama wrote "The action sequencing is still top notch, and the vocal performances from Jackson, [Lucy] Liu, Lowenthal and company is on the money."
Other lead roles in anime include Suzaku Kururugi in "", which ran on Adult Swim, and Simon in "Gurren Lagann", which ran on Toonami.

In 2006, Lowenthal landed the role of Superman in the cartoon series "Legion of Superheroes". In the show, Superman travels to the 31st century to help superheroes battle against the Fatal Five villains. In an interview with "The Oklahoman", Lowenthal recalled that he read for Lightning Lad and Brainiac 5 in the original audition, and was called back to do Superman. During the callback, he had begun reading for Superman and Brainiac 5 when the producers stopped him. He was later informed that he got the main role, and they did not need to hear more of him on other parts.
In 2008, Lowenthal provided the voice of 15-year-old Ben Tennyson in "". Set five years after the original series, the premiere of "Alien Force" set ratings records for Cartoon Network in its key demographics. In portraying Ben, Lowenthal was given guidance by series director Glen Murakami who he had worked with on "". Early on in the show, Murakami told Lowenthal to portray Ben as less of a wisecrack than his 10-year-old persona, and did not want Ben to "veer into the whining, Luke Skywalker". The show was renewed for a second season, and would be followed by "" which ran from 2010–12, and "" which ran from 2012–14. In "Omniverse", Ben's age was bumped up to 16 years old. Lowenthal said that he did not realize how popular the show was outside North America until he went to Australia, England and Ireland, and saw kids wearing "Ben 10" merchandise. He also said that at comic conventions, he was able to walk the halls unbothered until the "Ben 10" panel, after which he was "outed".
Lowenthal has also been involved in "The Swan Princess" direct-to-video series starting in 2012 with "The Swan Princess Christmas" where he was the voice of Prince Derek, and then in 2014 with "" and in 2016 for "" where he reprised the main role. Of these videos, he also served as the screenwriter on "Christmas" and "Royal Family Tale".
Lowenthal provided the voice for the protagonist in "Persona 3" and Yosuke Hanamura for "Persona 4". He also provides the voice of Cecil Harvey in the Nintendo DS remake of "Final Fantasy IV", and again in "" on the PSP. In the "Dead or Alive" series, he voices Hayate / Ein. He voices Matt Miller, the leader of the Decker gang in ""; and in its sequel. He voiced Spider-Man/Peter Parker in Sony's" Spider-Man" (2018) for the PS4. Kirk McKeand of Eurogamer described Lowenthal as "the man you've killed the most" for his participation in over 200 video games.

Lowenthal has been involved in several live-action projects with his company Monkey Kingdom Productions with wife Tara Platt. In 2008, they produced "Con Artists", a mockumentary that chronicles some of their convention visits. They produced a psychological thriller film called "Tumbling After" which garnered an Award of Merit at the Accolade Film Festival. In 2011, Lowenthal and Platt produced "Shelf Life", a web series where they act as action figures in a "Toy Story"-like environment, but with more adult humor. Lowenthal said in an interview that he wanted to make a show for nerds: "I wanted to make the kind of thing that my friends and I would watch. It’s got the four S’s: Sex, Social commentary, Slapstick and Superheroes." In 2014, they produced a short steampunk-themed film called "Topsy McGee vs. the Sky Pirates" which was an official selection at the New York City International Film Festival. and was a finalist at the Dragon Con Independent Short Film Festival in the steampunk category.
In 2010, Lowenthal starred as the title character in "Van Von Hunter", a live-action mockumentary co-directed by Tokyopop founder Stuart Levy, based on the comics of the same name. In the film, he plays a sword-swinging barbarian from a fantasy world who is thrown into Earth and is cast in a sword and sorcery movie. The film was featured in several film festivals, and was an official selection at Fantasia Film Festival and a special audience award at MockFest 2010. Lowenthal won an award for best character at MockFest as well.
He co-wrote the screenplay for "The Arcadian", a film by Dekker Dreyer that was inspired by underground science fiction comics of the 70s and 80s. In 2015, he joined Wil Wheaton's web series "Titansgrave" as a starring cast member which he role-plays a character named S'Lethkk. The series is broadcast by Geek & Sundry. In 2016, he starred as Glenn Lauder in the Keith Arem-produced film "The Phoenix Incident", about four guys who were trying to follow the Phoenix lights UFO sighting and end up being attacked by the aliens. The film received awards and nominations at film festivals. He is slated to participate in an independent film called "Any Bullet Will Do" which stars Mark Ryan and was filmed in Montana.
He and Platt co-authored the book "Voice-Over Voice Actor: What It's Like Behind the Mic", released in 2010. He also co-authored the comedy-noir novella "Tough City" with Keith Ikeda-Barry as part of a 72-hour novel writing contest. It was released in 2013. In 2016, he released the novella as a weekly podcast series.

Lowenthal met actress Tara Platt on an NYU grad film where they played opposite each other in a romantic comedy film called "Model Chaser". Six months into their relationship, Lowenthal helped Platt do a cross-country move to Los Angeles so that Platt could participate in auditions there for new TV shows. He had originally planned to fly back after the move, but midway through the trip he proposed to her in Bowling Green, Ohio, and they married in Las Vegas in 2002. They founded a company called Monkey Kingdom Productions in 2004. Their son, Sagan Lowenthal, was born in 2016.

When asked about his ethnic background, Lowenthal has tweeted that he is a "Tennessee Jew", and has mentioned being Jewish on various media.




</doc>
<doc id="3095155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3095155" title="Charles Dierkop">
Charles Dierkop

Charles Dierkop (born September 11, 1936) is an American character actor. He is most recognized for his supporting roles in the films, "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" (1969), "The Sting" (1973), and the television series, "Police Woman" (1974-1978). 

Dierkop was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin, and attended Aquinas High School in La Crosse. He was raised by his aunt and uncle after his father left when Dierkop was an infant and his mother "left home when he was still a tot".

Dierkop dropped out of high school after his junior year and enlisted in the U.S. Marines. He served in Korea after the Korean War had ended and returned from there when he was discharged at age 19. Upon his return, he lived with his mother in Philadelphia, and with the help of the G.I. Bill, he enrolled in the American Foundation of Dramatic Arts in Philadelphia.

Dierkop is a lifetime member of The Actor's Studio. His first role as a professional actor was in television's "Naked City".

He was cast in two George Roy Hill films, and played an outlaw both times — as "Flat Nose Curry" in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" (1969), he played a member of the Hole in the Wall Gang, and as "Floyd" in "The Sting" (1973), he acted as a bodyguard to Robert Shaw's New York gangster/griftee, Doyle Lonnegan. He is best known for playing Detective Pete Royster on the television series "Police Woman" between 1974 and 1978.

Dierkop appears briefly in the music video of "Man on the Moon", a hit song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M.

Dierkop married Joan Addis in 1958. They have a daughter and a son.

Dierkop's film and television credits span from 1961 to 2002.




</doc>
<doc id="3096496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3096496" title="Oliver Robins">
Oliver Robins

Oliver Robins (born July 22, 1971) is an American writer, director and former child actor.

His first film roles were in the 1982 TV movie "Million Dollar Infield", and in the 1982 ABC TV movie "Don't Go to Sleep" as Kevin. He is best known for his role as Robbie Freeling in the 1982 movie "Poltergeist" and in its 1986 sequel "". Oliver's other feature film role was in the 1982 comedy "".

He has made only one guest appearance on television, in the 1986 "Twilight Zone" episode "Monsters!".

Robins left the acting business after 1986. As an adult, he returned to show business as a writer and director. In 2000, he wrote and directed his first film, "Dumped", which was released directly to video, and also wrote and directed "Roomies" in 2004. He wrote the 1999 movie "Eating L.A.". Following the deaths of Dominique Dunne and Heather O'Rourke, Robins is the only surviving "Poltergeist" child actor, as well as the longest lived.




</doc>
<doc id="3096695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3096695" title="Richard Lawson (actor)">
Richard Lawson (actor)

Richard Lee Lawson (born March 7, 1947) is an American actor who has starred in movies and on television. Lawson is perhaps best known for his roles in genre films; he portrayed Ryan in the 1982 film "Poltergeist", and Dr. Ben Taylor in the 1983 NBC miniseries "V".

Born Rickey Lee Lawson in Loma Linda, California. Lawson was drafted into the army and became a medic. He served 21 months in Vietnam during the Vietnam War and was wounded in action. After his completing military duty, he embarked on an acting career. His first feature film role (uncredited) was that of a gay man targeted for murder in the classic 1971 movie "Dirty Harry". In 1973, he played Willis in "Scream Blacula Scream". His other well known roles include the 1979 movie "The Main Event", and the 1984 drama "Streets of Fire", where he played Officer Ed Price. Lawson's first ongoing starring role in a television series was in Australian drama "Hotel Story" in 1977. That series was cancelled before the first episode had gone to air. He later starred in the 1980s series "Chicago Story"; he took the ongoing role of Nick Kimball on the prime time soap opera "Dynasty" from 1986 to 1987, appeared in "The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd" as Detective Nathaniel Hawthorne from 1989 to 1991, and was in the day time soap opera "All My Children" as Lucas Barnes from 1992 to 1994. Lawson has made many guest appearances on television, including roles on "Kojak", "Get Christie Love!", "Sister, Sister", "Soul Food", "The Bernie Mac Show", "The Division" and "Strong Medicine".

Lawson married his first wife, actress Denise Gordy on New Year's Eve 1978. They have one daughter, actress Bianca Lawson, born in 1979. In March 1992, Lawson survived the USAir Flight 405 plane crash, after take-off from LaGuardia Airport, in Queens, New York City. During the summer of 2013, he began dating Tina Knowles, a fashion designer and mother of singers Beyoncé and Solange Knowles. Lawson and Knowles had known each for over 30 years, as she was the best friend of his late sister. The couple married on April 12, 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="3098597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3098597" title="Keegan de Lancie">
Keegan de Lancie

John Keegan de Lancie (born October 31, 1984) is an American actor and son of actor John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman. He is known for his role as Q, or Q Junior, on "", where he played the son of Q, a longstanding character in the "Star Trek" franchise portrayed by his father, John de Lancie, in the episode "Q2". He has also appeared in several other popular television shows such as "Ally McBeal" and "The Drew Carey Show". Keegan has one brother, Owen de Lancie (born 1987).

Keegan went to Amman, Jordan, on a Fulbright scholarship to study Iraqi refugees. He previously worked for the International Organization for Migration and helped Iraqi Christians move to Iraq's Kurdish regions to avoid violence against them. He currently serves as a member of the U.S. Foreign Service.


</doc>
<doc id="3099535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3099535" title="Dick Elliott">
Dick Elliott

Richard Damon Elliott (April 30, 1886 – December 22, 1961) was an American character actor who played in over 240 films from the 1930s until the time of his death.

Elliott was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Elliott played many different roles, typically as a somewhat blustery sort, such as a politician. A short, fat man, Elliott played Santa Claus on the Jimmy Durante, Red Skelton, and Jack Benny programs. Elliott had a couple of memorable lines in "It's a Wonderful Life" (1946), in which he scolded James Stewart, who was trying to say goodnight to Donna Reed, advising him to stop hemming and hawing and "just go ahead and kiss her".

He also had a few memorable appearances in episodes of the "Adventures of Superman" television series. He appeared three times as Stanley on the CBS sitcom "December Bride", as well as on two of ABC/Warner Brothers' western series, "Sugarfoot" and "Maverick". He was cast as the prospector Peter Cooper and then as Sheriff Tiny Morris in two segments of CBS's "Tales of the Texas Rangers". He appeared twice as Doc Thornton on ABC's "The Real McCoys". Elliott is perhaps best known as Mayberry's Mayor Pike in early episodes of CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show", one of his last screen works. In two of the eleven episodes featuring Elliot as mayor, actress Josie Lloyd portrayed his daughter.

On December 22, 1961, Elliott died from heart illness.



</doc>
<doc id="3102816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3102816" title="Larry Drake">
Larry Drake

Larry Richard Drake (February 21, 1950 – March 17, 2016) was an American actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known as Benny Stulwicz in "L.A. Law", for which he won two Primetime Emmy Awards. He also appeared as Robert G. Durant in both "Darkman" and "" and was the voice of Pops in "Johnny Bravo".

Larry Richard Drake was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma on February 21, 1950, the son of Raymond John Drake, a drafting engineer for an oil company, and Lorraine Ruth (née Burns), a homemaker. He graduated from Tulsa Edison High School and the University of Oklahoma.

Drake is mostly remembered for his portrayal of developmentally disabled Benny Stulwicz in "L.A. Law", from 1987 until the show's end in 1994, for which he twice won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. in 1988 and 1989. He returned to the role of Benny in "", a "reunion movie" that aired on NBC in 2002.

He appeared in numerous film and television roles, including "Time Quest", "Dark Asylum", "Paranoid", "Bean", "Overnight Delivery", "The Beast", "The Journey of August King", "Murder in New Hampshire", "Dr. Giggles", "Darkman", "", "The Taming of the Shrew", "American Pie 2", and "Dark Night of the Scarecrow". He was a regular on "Prey". Drake provided the voice of Pops in "Johnny Bravo". In 2007, he co-starred in "Gryphon", a Sci-Fi Pictures original film.

Drake was married from 1989 to 1991 to Ruth de Sosa, an actress and producer known for her roles in "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles" and "Planes, Trains and Automobiles".

On March 17, 2016, Drake was found dead in his Los Angeles home at the age of 66. Drake's manager, Steven Siebert, reported that the actor had some health problems in the months before his death. It was later reported that Drake suffered from a rare form of blood cancer that caused his blood to thicken. 



</doc>
<doc id="3104806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3104806" title="Jeffrey DeMunn">
Jeffrey DeMunn

Jeffrey DeMunn (born April 25, 1947) is an American stage, film and television actor known for playing Captain Esteridge in "The Hitcher" (1986), Sheriff Herb Geller in "The Blob" (1988), Andrei Chikatilo in "Citizen X" (1995), Harry Terwilliger in "The Green Mile" (1999), Dale Horvath in "The Walking Dead" (2010–2012) and Chuck Rhoades, Sr. in "Billions" (2016–present).

DeMunn was born in Buffalo, New York, the son of Violet (née Paulus) and James DeMunn, and a stepson of actress Betty Lutes DeMunn. He graduated from Union College with a Bachelor of Arts in English.

He moved to Britain in the early 1970s, receiving theatrical training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. When he returned to the USA in 1972, he performed in a Royal Shakespeare Company National Tour's production of "King Lear" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream". After this he starred in several off-Broadway productions, including "Bent", "Modigliani", and "A Midsummer Night's Dream". DeMunn also participated in productions of developing plays at the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center. In 1983 he starred in a production of "K2", which earned him a Tony Award nomination. He most recently starred in "Death of a Salesman" at San Diego's Old Globe Theater in 2012 and "A Family For All Occasions" at the Bank Street Theatre in 2013.

DeMunn is known for his collaborations with director Frank Darabont, who has cast him in films such as "The Shawshank Redemption", "The Green Mile", "The Majestic" and "The Mist". He also appeared in the 1988 remake of "The Blob", which Darabont co-wrote. He also narrated the audiobooks for "Dreamcatcher" and "The Colorado Kid". In 1995, he won a CableACE Award as Best Supporting Actor in a Movie or Miniseries for his portrayal of serial killer Andrei Chikatilo in the HBO film "Citizen X" and received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie nomination.

DeMunn has made several guest appearances on series television. His extensive TV résumé includes shows such as "Kojak", "Moonlighting", "LA Law" and "The West Wing". He appeared in the recurring role of Norman Rothenberg in "Law & Order", and "". He appeared in the television miniseries "Storm of the Century". He portrayed Dale Horvath in Frank Darabont's television adaptation of the comic book series "The Walking Dead", for two seasons from 2010 to 2012. Upon his departure, he was cast as Hal Morrison in the 2013 television series "Mob City", which was also created by Darabont. 

He also has a starring role on the Showtime series "Billions" as Chuck Rhoades, Sr.

DeMunn married Ann Sekjaer in 1974; they divorced in 1995. He married Kerry Leah in 2001. DeMunn has two children, Heather and Kevin. He has a dog and a cat. DeMunn currently lives in Kiskatom (Catskill), New York.



</doc>
<doc id="3110711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3110711" title="Ramon Estevez">
Ramon Estevez

Ramón Luis Estevez (born August 7, 1963), sometimes billed as Ramón Sheen, is an American actor and director who runs Estevez Sheen Productions.

Estevez is the second of four children born to actor Martin Sheen and artist Janet Templeton. His siblings are actors Emilio Estevez, Charlie Sheen, and Renée Estevez. His father is of Irish and Spanish descent.

Estevez's movies include "That Was Then... This Is Now" (1985) and "Cadence" (1990). In "Cadence", he played a sycophantic "spineless corporal" to the stockade's commanding officer. Estevez was disguised in "Cadence" as a funny guard who wore glasses and "his hat most of the time" to prevent being recognized as Charlie Sheen's brother.

In 1992, Estevez appeared in "The Last P.O.W.? The Bobby Garwood Story".

He appeared in Diamond Rio's 1996 video, "It's All in Your Head", and has written songs for Diamond Rio.
Estevez's plays include a 1982 Burt Reynolds Dinner Theatre performance in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest".

Estevez is involved in production development of Warner Bros.-affiliated company, Estevez Sheen Productions, a combination of both their real and stage names. The production company is located in Los Angeles, California.

In 2010, Estevez approached Michael Ritchie about staging a play, "The Subject Was Roses", at the Mark Taper Forum on the behalf of the production company Estevez runs for Martin Sheen called Estevez Sheen Productions. Martin Sheen created the play's Timmy on Broadway in 1964 and wanted to revisit it as Timmy's dad, John. In collaboration with Ritchie and Sheen, Estevez arranged for Brian Geraghty to play a role with Neil Pepe as the director. The play opened on February 21, 2010, with Estevez in attendance. A 2011 Estevez Sheen Productions project was "The Way" with James Nesbitt written and directed by Emilio Estevez and starring Martin Sheen.

Since 2012, Estevez is co-producing "Anger Management" with his brother Charlie Sheen, on FX.






</doc>
<doc id="3110845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3110845" title="Anson Mount">
Anson Mount

Anson Adams Mount IV (born February 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his television roles as fictional character Cullen Bohannon in the AMC western drama series "Hell on Wheels", Jim Steele on the short-lived NBC series "Conviction", the Marvel Comics superhero Black Bolt in "Marvel's Inhumans," and Captain Christopher Pike in season 2 of "". He also appeared in the film "Crossroads" (2002).

Mount was born February 25, 1973, in Mount Prospect, Illinois, and grew up in White Bluff, Tennessee. His mother, Nancy Smith, is a former professional golfer. His father, Anson Adams Mount II, was one of the original contributing editors to "Playboy" magazine. Anson has an older brother, Anson Adams III, and two sisters, Kristin and Elizabeth, from his father's first marriage. Mount's great-great-great grandfather was a Confederate cavalry colonel in the Civil War.

Mount attended Dickson County High School in Dickson, Tennessee, , and Columbia University.

Stage

In 1998, Anson got the theatre credits include the leading role in Terrence McNally's "Corpus Christi" (for which he was honored by The Drama League).

In 2008, Anson made the finalist list for the American Playwrights Conference at the O'Neill Center in 2008 for his full length play, "Atomic City", and won the Maxim Mazumdar New Play Prize for his one act play "Love Liza?"

Film

In 2000, Anson made his feature film debut as Tully Coats in the independent film, "Tully".  He received widespread critical praise for the performance and the film won several film festival awards and numerous Independent Spirit Award nominations.

In 2009, Anson produced and starred in an independent film called "Cook County" which has earned awards at several major film festivals, including Hollywood, AFI Dallas, Nashville, SXSW, and others.

Television

2011-2016, Anson is widely known for his role as Cullen Bohannan on AMC's hit series "Hell on Wheels", which he also served as producer (2014-2016).

In 2018, Anson was cast as Captain Christopher Pike of the Starship Enterprise in the CBS series . His performance was well-received, which inspired a popular petition for Pike spin-off. In 2019, Anson reprised his role as Pike in a few "" episodes.

Academic

Anson Mount serves as an Adjunct Assistant Professor at Columbia University, he teaches audition technique for graduate actors.

Anson has published non-fiction pieces in Mosaic, "The Daily Beast", "Cowboys & Indians" magazine, and the "Calgary Herald".

On July 8, 2017, Anson announced his engagement to his longtime girlfriend, photographer Darah Trang, and they were married on February 20, 2018. As of 2019 he and his wife live in Connecticut.

Anson writes, produces, and hosts "The Well" podcast with long time friend, Branan Edgens.



</doc>
<doc id="3112184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3112184" title="Robert H. Harris">
Robert H. Harris

Robert H. Harris (born Robert H. Hurwitz; July 15, 1911 – November 30, 1981) was an American character actor.

A veteran of the Yiddish Art Theater from his teens, Harris made his first Broadway appearance in 1937 in "Schoolhouse on the Lot". His other Broadway credits include "Xmas in Las Vegas" (1965), "Minor Miracle" (1965), "Foxy" (1963), "Look, Ma, I'm Dancin'!" (1947) and "Brooklyn, U.S.A." (1941).

In 1952, Harris was the managing director of the Woodstock Playhouse in Woodstock, New York. Prior to that, he had directed repertory theater in Boston and Hollywood.

From 1950 on, he appeared extensively on television series, specializing in playing shady, if not outright evil, characters. From 1953–1956 he played Jake Goldberg in "The Goldbergs", one of his few sympathetic roles. (His obituary distributed via United Press International says that he played the role of Jake Goldberg in 1953-1954.) In 1957, Harris played the lead role in "The Court of Last Resort".

He also made many guest appearances in many other TV series. These include eight appearances in "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" between 1956 and 1961 and seven appearances in "Perry Mason" between 1958 and 1965 including in the 1962 episode "The Case of the Dodging Domino". Among his seven appearances, he played the murderer three times, the murder victim once, and the defendant once. He also appeared in other television series such as "Peter Gunn", "77 Sunset Strip", "Ben Casey", "The Asphalt Jungle", and "Rawhide". Robert H. Harris also appeared in the first season of Barnaby Jones; episode titled, "Twenty Million Alibis"(May 6, 1973).

He starred in the 1958 B-movie horror film "How to Make a Monster" and had notable appearances as a rich cuckold in Elia Kazan's 1963 film "America America", and Edward Dmytryk's 1965 film "Mirage", as the obsessive-compulsive consulting psychiatrist. His other film credits included roles in "Bundle of Joy" (1956), "The Invisible Boy" (1957), "Peyton Place" (1957), "The George Raft Story" (1961), "Apache Uprising" (1965), "Valley of the Dolls" (1967), "How Awful About Allan" (1970), "The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid" (1972) and "The Man in the Glass Booth" (1975).

Harris and his wife, actress Viola Harris, had a son, Steven Lee.

Harris died November 30, 1981, and was buried December 3, 1981. He was survived by his wife, Viola Harris, a son, a daughter, a brother and two sisters.











 4. Demetria Fulton previewed Robert H. Harris' appearance in the first season of Barnaby Jones; episode titled, "Twenty Million Alibis"(May 6, 1973).



</doc>
<doc id="3113552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3113552" title="Bokeem Woodbine">
Bokeem Woodbine

Bokeem Woodbine (born April 13, 1973) is an American actor. He won a Black Reel Award and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award and a Critics' Choice Television Award for his role as Mike Milligan on the second season of "Fargo". Woodbine also portrayed Daniel in season 2 of the WGN series "Underground" and Herman Schultz/Shocker in the film "".

Woodbine was born on April 13, 1973 in Harlem, New York. He attended the prestigious Dalton School on Manhattan's Upper East Side, before transferring to the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in the city.

With the encouragement of his actress mother, Woodbine entered show business at age 19 as a stand-in and extra in Ernest Dickerson's directorial debut, "Juice" (1992), starring Tupac Shakur and Omar Epps. In the following year, he made his TV acting debut in the "CBS Schoolbreak Special" entitled "Love Off Limits". His appearance was noticed by casting director Jaki Brown-Karman, who later recommended him to Forest Whitaker for the latter's directorial effort, the HBO television movie "Strapped" (1993). Since then, he has worked with other major African-American filmmakers such as Spike Lee, Mario Van Peebles and the Hughes Brothers in the films "Crooklyn" (1994), "Panther" (1995) and "Dead Presidents" (1995), respectively.

In 1996 he appeared in Shakur’s music video for "I Ain't Mad at Cha" and formed a friendship with the rapper. They subsequently reunited in Vondie Curtis-Hall's directorial debut, "Gridlock'd", which was released four months after Shakur’s death.

Entering the new millennium, Woodbine was featured as a regular on the NBC midseason sitcom "Battery Park" and played Dr. Damon Bradley, who later turned out to be a serial rapist, in the short-lived CBS medical drama "City of Angels", the latter of which earned him a nomination for the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series. Additionally, he appeared in the Wu-Tang Clan's music videos for their songs "Protect Ya Neck II (The Jump Off)", "Gravel Pit", and "Careful (Click, Click)". Woodbine went to portray saxophonist David "Fathead" Newman in the Oscar-winning Ray Charles biopic "Ray".

Over the next few years, Woodbine made minor appearances in both film and television. On the small screen, he could be seen in an episode of Fox's crime drama "Bones" and ABC's short-lived cop drama "The Evidence", as well as two episodes of Spike TV's "", based on Marvel Comics' character and popular film series. The next year, Woodbine appeared with his "Blade: The Series" co-star Sticky Fingaz in his musical drama film "A Day in the Life", starring Omar Epps and Mekhi Phifer, and two films by Jesse V. Johnson: the low-budget sci-fi/action movie "The Last Sentinel" (alongside Don "The Dragon" Wilson and Katee Sackhoff), and the action film "The Butcher", opposite Eric Roberts. He also landed a series regular, as Leon Cooley, an inmate on death row, in the TNT crime/drama series "Saving Grace" alongside Holly Hunter.

In 2009, Woodbine appeared in the blaxploitation film "Black Dynamite" and followed it up the next year with the M. Night Shyamalan-produced supernatural thriller "Devil". He has also appeared as a police officer on the critically acclaimed series "Southland" (2011). He next appeared in the 2012 remake of "Total Recall" and then "Riddick" the next year.

In December 2015, he received a Critics' Choice Television Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Movie/Miniseries for his role as Mike Milligan in "Fargo".

In 2017, Woodbine appeared in the Sony Pictures and Marvel Studios film "", as Shocker, one of four villains, alongside Michael Keaton, Logan Marshall-Green and Michael Chernus.

In 2018, Woodbine starred in the series "Unsolved". He played Daryn Dupree, who was part of a police task force that investigated the murders of rappers Notorious BIG and Tupac Shakur.


</doc>
<doc id="3113624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3113624" title="Allen Payne">
Allen Payne

Allen Payne (born July 7, 1968) is an American film and television actor known for his recurring role as Lance Rodman on NBC's "The Cosby Show" during its final two seasons and as C.J. Payne on "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" television series (2006–2012) and "Tyler Perry’s The Paynes" television series (2018–present). Payne is also known for his portrayal of Gerald "Gee Money" Wells; the drug lord sidekick opposite Wesley Snipes in the 1991 film "New Jack City", Jason Alexander in the 1994 film "Jason's Lyric" and Detective Justice in the 1995 film "Vampire in Brooklyn" opposite Eddie Murphy and Angela Bassett.

Payne was born Allen Roberts in the Harlem area of New York City, to Allen Roberts and Barbara Reeves. Payne is the oldest of two children although he has many close family and friends he considers to be siblings. Roberts attended Pennsauken High School in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey. His first acting role on television was in 1990 on "The Cosby Show". During two seasons, he made several appearances in which he played Lance Rodman, Charmaine's boyfriend. He also appeared as Marcus Stokes in an episode during the second season of "The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air". He made a guest appearance on "Malcolm & Eddie" as Preston.

Payne has appeared in many films, including a role with Jada Pinkett Smith in "Jason's Lyric". He played a leading role in the Nelson George-produced and George and Chris Rock-written "CB4" as "Dead Mike" - which was a hip-hop parody that co-starred Chris Rock, Charlie Murphy, and Khandi Alexander and in which Ice-T, Ice Cube, Shaquille O'Neal, Flavor Flav and Eazy-E made cameos. He appeared in "New Jack City", "Vampire in Brooklyn", "Double Platinum", and "The Perfect Storm". Beginning in 2006, he starred on "Tyler Perry's House of Payne". He appeared in a Stacy Lattisaw video "I'm Not The Same Girl".

In 2018, on OWN's The Paynes, he is back to make an appearance as a recurring characters in the episode "A Surprise for the Paynes", "Revelations of Payne" and "A Confrontation of Payne". along with Lance Gross, Demetria McKinney, Larramie "Doc" Shaw and China Anne McClain.





</doc>
<doc id="3118216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3118216" title="Clarence Felder">
Clarence Felder

Clarence Felder (born September 2, 1938) is an American character actor who has starred in films and on television, and co-starred in ten Broadway productions. He is also a playwright and director. His play "Captain Felder's Cannon" was adapted as the feature film "All for Liberty" (2009), in which he starred.

Felder's first feature film performance was in "Man on a Swing" (1974); his other films include "After Hours" (1985), "Ruthless People" (1986), "The Hidden" (1987), "The Last Boy Scout" (1991), and "The Ride" (1997). He stars in the award-winning feature film "All for Liberty" (2009), portraying his ancestor, Capt. Henry Felder, an American Revolutionary War hero of the Backcountry of South Carolina. It was based on his play "Captain Felder's Cannon." 

His starring role on a television series was as Insp. Bobo Pritzger in ABC's 1980s hit series "Hooperman." Felder has starred in many TV movies, including "Playing for Time", "The Mystery of the Morro Castle", and "The Killing Floor." He has made numerous guest appearances on prime time TV series, including "Kojak", "Hill Street Blues", "Alien Nation", "Dream On", "L.A. Law", and "NYPD Blue".

On Broadway, Felder co-starred with Christopher Walken in "Macbeth", with Glenn Close in "Love for Love", Colleen Dewhurst in "Queen & the Rebels", and Meryl Streep in "Memory of Two Mondays". He played Debbie Harry's father in "Teaneck Tanzi".

He is the co-founder of Actors' Theatre of South Carolina and their film division, Moving Images Group. 

Felder was born and grew up in St. Matthews, South Carolina, where his family had deep historical roots. He went away to college and became involved in acting, spending much of his career in Hollywood. He is married to actress/writer/director, Chris Weatherhead. He has one daughter, Helen Huggins. 




</doc>
<doc id="3118338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3118338" title="Paul Kent (actor)">
Paul Kent (actor)

Paul Kent (October 13, 1930 – October 7, 2011) was an American actor and the founder/artistic director of the Melrose Theatre in West Hollywood.

Kent was born as Paul Inglese on October 13, 1930 in Brooklyn, New York. He studied acting at the Pasadena Playhouse and briefly served in the United States Army during the Korean War. In 1958, he and his parents moved from New York to California, where he trained under Sanford Meisner and later assisted Meisner with his classes. The two became close friends and colleagues during Meisner's life, and when Meisner left Los Angeles to go back to New York, he left his teaching methods to be carried on in the West by Kent who consequently taught acting for many years through his theater.

Kent played a part in the formation of Lucille Ball's Desilu Workshop, where he became the first acting student signed by the workshop. According to Hedda Hopper, when Kent appeared at the workshop to help a female friend at an audition, he was discovered by Ball and promptly signed to an actor-stage manager contract. Kent's acting roles during this period included a small part in an episode of "December Bride" in 1957.

In 1964, Kent founded the Melrose Theater in West Hollywood with the assistance of fellow actors including Tom Troupe, Carole Cook, Richard Bull and Don Eitner. Funds for the theater were partially raised by a guest appearance with Lucille Ball and Gary Morton on "Password".

Kent later recalled in an interview with "The Los Angeles Times":

In 1976, Kent entered into a partnership with workshop organizer Jomarie Ward to purchase a former bakery and photographer's studio at 733 North Seward Street in Hollywood. With the assistance of Ward and members of the workshop, the building was renovated and converted to the new Melrose Theater in 1977. The new, larger theater became the permanent headquarters of the Melrose, with Kent installed as artistic director and Ward as managing director.

In 1984, Kent decided to create a production employing the largest possible number of Melrose actors, and convened several playwrights at the Mark Taper Forum to write a play in a bar setting to be produced by the theater. The resulting collaboration, "The Bar Off Melrose", was credited to fifteen playwrights and employed nearly forty actors. The play premiered successfully in 1986, and is still performed today at various theaters, drama workshops and colleges.

While serving as artistic director of the Melrose Theater, Kent also acted in many of its plays, and continued acting in film and television. One of Kent's acting appearances in the 1970s was a small part in the television miniseries "Helter Skelter". The part was notable because Kent later played a different character in the 2004 adaptation directed by John Gray. Gray later bought Kent back to play a spirit in an episode of his TV series, "Ghost Whisperer" ("Mended Hearts"). In addition, Kent often played different characters in multiple episodes of a series, including his appearances in "Lou Grant", "T. J. Hooker" and "Falcon Crest".

In 1987 Kent played Harry M. Daugherty in a made-for-TV biographical film of J. Edgar Hoover, produced by Showtime. In 1999, he became the third actor to play the character of "Doctor Noel Clinton" in "Port Charles", a spinoff of "General Hospital", succeeding actors Dean Harens and Ron Husmann. He had a lead starring role as the character of "Miles Mason" in "Viagra Falls", a television pilot. One of his final acting roles was his portrayal of Mack Sennett in "Return to Babylon", an independent film released in 2013.

In 1975, Kent reflected on his craft to "Los Angeles Times" reporter Lawrence Christon:

Kent was the father of several children. At the time of his death he was married to actress and author Madelyn Cain.

Kent died on October 7, 2011, six days before his 81st birthday, in Hollywood Hills, California from multiple myeloma. He was buried in Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills.



</doc>
<doc id="3119904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3119904" title="Richard Bright (actor)">
Richard Bright (actor)

Richard James Bright (June 28, 1937 – February 18, 2006) was an American actor well known for his role as Al Neri in the "Godfather" films.

Bright was born in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, New York City, the son of Matilda (née Scott) and Ernest Bright, who was a shipbuilder.

Bright began his career doing live television in Manhattan at the age of 18 and made his film debut in Robert Wise's "Odds Against Tomorrow" (1959). He also worked on several movies early in his career with his friend Sam Peckinpah.

In 1965, Bright starred in poet Michael McClure's two-person show, "The Beard", performing in first in San Francisco and later in Los Angeles, New York City, and London. In San Francisco, he and his female co-star, Billie Dixon, were arrested for uttering obscenities and simulating sexual acts. The ACLU represented Bright, citing First Amendment rights to freedom of speech. In the end, the charges against Bright were dismissed; the case was considered important for free speech in general and actors' rights in particular.

He had supporting parts in "The Getaway" (1972) (as a con man who tries to ply his trade on Ali MacGraw) and costarred in "The Panic in Needle Park" (1971), playing Al Pacino's brother Hank.

In 1972, he appeared in Francis Ford Coppola's adaptation of "The Godfather" as Al Neri, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino)'s primary enforcer and bodyguard. Michael, as the don of the Corleone Family, implements a security detail that keeps Neri and Rocco Lampone close by at all times. A deleted scene from "The Godfather" shows former consiglieri and family attorney Tom Hagen reviewing the payroll ledgers and finding both Neri and Lampone being paid much more than their nominal jobs are worth. It is soon revealed that both are, in fact, assassins Michael has doubling as bodyguards.

In the book, Neri's character is a former New York City police officer who is hung out to dry by the department after killing a sadistic pimp. Michael uses Corleone family influence to get him off the hook and draws Neri into his service. At the end of the first film, Neri, dressed as a police officer, murders rival mob boss Emilio Barzini and his henchmen during the film's baptism scene. Also, the last faces to be seen in "The Godfather" are Bright's and Diane Keaton's, as he closes Michael's office door in her face. Bright also played Neri in both sequels, becoming one of five actors to appear in all three Godfather films; his character murdered both Fredo Corleone (John Cazale) at the end of "The Godfather Part II" and the Vatican banker Archbishop Gilday at the end of "The Godfather Part III".

Bright played another hired killer, Chicken Joe, in Sergio Leone's gangster epic "Once Upon a Time in America" (1984). Other roles include "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid" (1973), "Rancho Deluxe" (1975), "Marathon Man" (1976), "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977), the film adaptation of "Hair" (1979), "Red Heat" (1988), and "Beautiful Girls" (1996).

In 1993, he had a recurring role on "One Life to Live" as "Moose" Mulligan, rival and former underboss to longtime arch-villain and crime lord Carlo Hesser.

Bright continued to make a number of both commercial and independent films, such as "Jaded" (1998). He also continued working on stage and in television, appearing on such shows as "Law & Order", "Oz", "Third Watch", and "The Sopranos". These later performances showed Bright using an oxygen tank in all these appearances (although he suffered from emphysema, the tanks were props for the characters).

Bright was struck and killed by the driver of a tour bus on the Upper West Side in Manhattan on February 18, 2006. He was hit by the rear wheel of the bus and pronounced dead on arrival at Roosevelt Hospital. The driver claimed to have been unaware of the collision until he was notified upon reaching the Port Authority in midtown Manhattan, where he was interviewed by police. Ultimately, no criminal charges were filed, though the bus driver's license was suspended for failing to yield the right of way to Bright, who had been in a marked crosswalk with the walk sign on at the time he was struck. Bright was 68 years old at that time. He was survived by his wife, Rutanya Alda, son Jeremy, daughter Diane, and brother Charles.



</doc>
<doc id="3120034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3120034" title="Dennis Christopher">
Dennis Christopher

Dennis Christopher (born Dennis Carrelli; December 2, 1955) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in "Breaking Away" (1979), "Fade to Black" (1980), "It" (1990), "Chariots of Fire" (1981), and "Django Unchained" (2012). He has appeared in nearly 40 movies and made-for-TV movies since 1975.

Christopher was born Dennis Carrelli in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He is of half-Italian and half-Irish descent.

Christopher's breakthrough role was as Dave Stoller in the coming-of-age classic "Breaking Away" (1979). His performance won him the BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer and the Youth in Film Award for Best Juvenile Actor in a Motion Picture, as well as garnering a Golden Globe nomination.

Christopher's other roles include American track star Charlie Paddock in "Chariots of Fire" (1981), as well as tragic film-buff psychopath Eric Binford in "Fade to Black" (1980), Damon in "The Falling" (1985), Nathan Flowers in "A Sinful Life" (1989) and Leech in "" (1994). Television roles include "Jack of All Trades" in the "Profiler" TV series, Eddie Kaspbrak in Stephen King's "It" (1990), Desmond Floyd in "Jake Speed" (1986) and in the HBO series "Deadwood".

Christopher has guest starred in two "Star Trek" episodes: the "" episode " (Part II)" and the "" episode "". He guest-starred as the demon-sorcerer Cyvus Vail in three episodes of "Angel".

He reunited with his "Breaking Away" "father" Paul Dooley, playing Dooley's son for a third time, in a of "". The two had first played father and son in Robert Altman's "A Wedding" (1978).

In December 2006, he played Dr. Martin Ruber in the Sci Fi Channel miniseries "The Lost Room".

Christopher's career, and life in general, changed dramatically when he was cast as Leonide Moguy in Quentin Tarantino's "Django Unchained" (2012). He learned through his agent that the screenplay had been re-written to accommodate him. Furthermore, Tarantino later claimed to Christopher that he had seen every one of his films the week that they were released, even "Dead Women in Lingerie" (which Christopher considers his worst). Production of the film made a very positive impact on Christopher, who has said "...a lot of my idea of happiness came from working on this film...".



</doc>
<doc id="3120234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3120234" title="Tommy Petersen">
Tommy Petersen

Tommy Petersen is an actor who is best known for his role as the young Zack Mayo in the 1982 hit romantic drama "An Officer and a Gentleman". He starred in the 1983 hit NBC miniseries "V" as Josh Brooks.


</doc>
<doc id="3120334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3120334" title="Jerry Doyle">
Jerry Doyle

Jerry Doyle (July 16, 1956 – July 27, 2016) was an American talk radio host, right-libertarian political commentator, television actor and founder of the content platform EpicTimes. His nationally syndicated talk show, "The Jerry Doyle Show", aired throughout the United States on Talk Radio Network. As an actor, Doyle was known for his role as Michael Garibaldi in the science fiction series "Babylon 5" (1994–1998).

Doyle grew up in Brooklyn, New York, raised as the eldest son of a police officer and a housewife. He spent the first six months of his life in an orphanage before being adopted. He graduated from Pope John XXIII Regional High School in Sparta, New Jersey, in 1973, where he played varsity football and basketball. In 1978, Doyle earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Aeronautics from Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, while also receiving his flight training.

Previously a corporate jet pilot and after a decade as a stockbroker on Wall Street, Doyle made an abrupt career change into acting in 1991, when he moved to Los Angeles. His first television role was on the series "Moonlighting" where he played a potential replacement for Bruce Willis' character. This was followed by a recurring role as a lawyer on the soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful". "Babylon 5" was his first significant starring role, starring as security officer Michael Garibaldi. Doyle quipped that on "Babylon 5" he was a "Mick from Brooklyn playing a Wop from Mars."

From 1996 to 1997, Doyle was the voice of the title character in animated cartoon "Captain Simian & the Space Monkeys".

He began his own production company to move into production television and independent films, which he described as an "experiment". Other work included a series on the aircraft of the Second World War entitled "Keep 'em Flying", alongside producer John Copeland, with whom Doyle had previously worked on "Babylon 5". Doyle was a frequent guest on Newsmax Media TV, primarily on the program Midpoint with Ed Berliner. He had also been a featured guest on "Fox & Friends".

Weekdays from 3 p.m.–6 p.m. PT (6 –9  ET), the "Jerry Doyle Show" aired on the Talk Radio Network, although the show aired at different times in different markets. It was the sixth most popular talk radio show in the country, with an average of 3.75 million listeners on a weekly basis by early 2012.

Doyle was announced as the replacement program for "The Savage Nation" in Talk Radio Network's lineup in October 2012. "The Savage Nation", at the time the third most-listened-to radio talk show in the United States, abruptly ended its run September 26 when host Michael Savage won a lawsuit against TRN. Doyle replaced Savage on all of Savage's approximately 300 affiliates except for those who chose their own replacement programs. He launched the new media content platform EpicTimes in February 2013, which served as a "one stop shop" for both hard hitting news of the day as well as entertaining "water cooler" type pieces. It was subsequently banned within China.

Doyle was married to his "Babylon 5" co-star Andrea Thompson from 1995 to 1997. They were married in Cabo San Lucas, in Baja California Sur, in a short ceremony. Doyle remarked that "If the ceremony takes longer than it takes for a margarita to separate, it's too long".

Following his work on "Babylon 5", Doyle ran as the Republican Party candidate for seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in 2000. Doyle won the primary without spending any money on the campaign. However, in the general election on November 7, 2000, he lost to The Democratic incumbent Brad Sherman, with Sherman earning 66% of the vote to Doyle's 30%, the Libertarian candidate's 3%, and the Natural Law candidate's 1%. he received only 43,000 votes. In December 2011, Doyle endorsed Ron Paul for the Presidency of the United States.

On July 27, 2016, eleven days after his 60th birthday, Doyle was found unresponsive in his Las Vegas home, and declared dead shortly thereafter. The Clark County Coroner's Office later stated that Doyle died from natural causes, with complications from chronic alcoholism being a contributing factor.

Condolences were received from his former co-stars, including from Bruce Boxleitner, who wrote that he was "so devastated at the news of the untimely death of my good friend". "Babylon 5" creator J. Michael Straczynski released a statement, saying "Regardless of whatever was going on in his life, whether it was marital issues, a broken arm, forced couch-surfing with Bruce and Andreas or other problems, he never once pulled a prima donna on us; he showed up every day on time, knew his lines, and insisted that the guest cast live up to the standards of the main cast."



</doc>
<doc id="3120500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3120500" title="Patrick Cranshaw">
Patrick Cranshaw

Joseph Patrick Cranshaw (June 17, 1919 – December 28, 2005) was an American film and television actor known for his distinctive look and deadpan humor. He is best known for one of his last roles, that of Joseph "Blue" Pulaski, a fraternity brother, in the 2003 hit comedy "Old School". Cranshaw also starred as Sheriff Bob in the "Air Bud" movies and he played the same role in "Air Buddies" for the final time.

Cranshaw was born in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, and became interested in acting while entertaining American troops before World War II.

Despite an acting span of more than 40 years and some 102 appearances, Cranshaw's first credited film role came at the age of 41, in "The Amazing Transparent Man" (1960). Cranshaw's mild-mannered and gentlemanly demeanor led him to a number of roles as bank tellers, store managers, and grandfathers. His major credits include "Bonnie and Clyde" (1967), "Bandelero!" (1968) "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" (1978), "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" (1985), "Moving" (1988), "The Hudsucker Proxy" (1994), "Everyone Says I Love You" (1996), "Nothing to Lose" (1997), "Almost Heroes" (1998), "Broken Vessels" (1998), "Best in Show" (2000), "Bubble Boy" (2001), and "Old School" (2003). He also appeared in over 50 television shows, including a recurring role as Mel's Diner regular Andy on the sitcom "Alice", as well as a recurring role in the short lived spin off, of M*A*S*H, "After MASH".

Cranshaw died of pneumonia in his home, surrounded by family and friends.



</doc>
<doc id="3120950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3120950" title="David Chokachi">
David Chokachi

David Chokachi (born David Al-Chokhachy; January 16, 1968) is an American film and television actor. He is known for his role in the TV series "Witchblade", "Baywatch", and "Beyond The Break".

Chokachi was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts. He attended Tabor Academy, an elite boarding prep school in Marion, Massachusetts. He graduated from Bates College in Lewiston, Maine, with a degree in political science. His father is from Iraq and his mother is from Finland.

Chokachi began his acting career in 1995 on "Baywatch" in the role of Cody Madison, eventually replacing David Charvet as a main cast member. In 1999, he left "Baywatch" and took up the role of Jake McCartey in the TV series "Witchblade", which lasted until 2002. Following that, he appeared in various TV series and made-for-TV movies. Chokachi then landed the role of main character Justin Healy on The N's 2006 TV series "Beyond The Break". He also appeared on VH1's "Confessions of a Teen Idol", a reality show in which former teen idols attempt to revitalize their careers.

Chokachi was one of "People" magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People in the World" in 1997.



</doc>
<doc id="3124439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3124439" title="Chris Bauer">
Chris Bauer

Mark Christopher Bauer (born October 28, 1966) is an American film, television, and theater actor best known for his television work in "The Wire", "Third Watch", "True Blood", "Survivor's Remorse" and "The Deuce". He has also appeared on Broadway, in "A Streetcar Named Desire", and has originated roles in plays by David Mamet, John Patrick Shanley and Jez Butterworth.

Bauer was born in Los Angeles, California, and is of German and Irish descent. He attended Miramonte High School in Orinda, California and played on the Miramonte football team in his senior year, 1984, the year the team won the state championship. Later, he attended the University of San Diego and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, and graduated from the Yale School of Drama.

Bauer has starred in numerous television series including "The Wire", as port-union boss Frank Sobotka. He initially auditioned for the role of Jimmy McNulty. He also starred in Billy Crystal's 2001 film "61*", as New York Yankees player Bob Cerv. His roles on network television include a regular role as Fred Yokas, husband of Officer Faith Yokas, on the NBC series "Third Watch", lead FBI Agent Dodd on the short-lived CBS series "Smith", a priest on ABC's "Life on Mars", and as Detective Lou Destefano in the original Sci-Fi channel miniseries "The Lost Room". In 2004, he played Lee Nickel on the ESPN series "Tilt". He appeared in the episode "The No-Brainer" of the television series "Fringe" as Brian Dempsey, and appeared in multiple episodes of "Numb3rs" as Dr. Raymond "Ray" Galuski and in "Criminal Minds", in season one, as the antagonist.

Chris Bauer played Det. (later Sheriff) Andy Bellefleur on the TV-series "True Blood". He also played Dennis Halsey, a guard on "Unforgettable" in the fourth episode of the first season, "Up In Flames", and appeared as a rival salesman from the Syracuse branch of Dunder Mifflin in Season 8 of "The Office" (US). In 2014, Bauer guest starred in an episode of NBC's "Parks and Recreation". In October 2014 Bauer started a recurring role on the Starz comedy "Survivor's Remorse". He plays Jimmy Flaherty, the owner of a fictitious Atlanta professional basketball team. The show is written by Mike O'Malley, who is also an executive producer along with NBA star LeBron James, and stars Jessie T. Usher. "Survivor's Remorse" started its second season on September 22, 2015. Bauer played Det. Tom Lange in the FX limited series "American Crime Story". Bauer appeared as Tim Rutten in the NBC mini-series "Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Brothers", and from 2017 co-stars as Bobby Dwyer in the HBO series "The Deuce". In 2019, Bauer portrayed NASA astronaut and Director of Flight Crew Operations Deke Slayton in the first season of For All Mankind.

Bauer's first film appearance was in "Snow White: A Tale of Terror", with Sigourney Weaver, Sam Neill, and Monica Keena. Soon after, Bauer played schoolteacher/pedophile Lloyd Gettys in the 1997 film "The Devil's Advocate". He played prisoner NB9674932-65 Ivan Dubov in the 1997 action film "Face/Off", where he met Nicolas Cage. He then appeared as the masked character 'Machine' in the 1999 film "8mm" also starring Cage. He starred as fetish photographer Irving Klaw in the 2005 Bettie Page biopic "The Notorious Bettie Page", and as famous author Ken Kesey in a 2007 Neal Cassady biopic. Bauer played a small role in the 2005 Jim Jarmusch film, "Broken Flowers". He was featured in the movie "The Conspirator", as a fellow officer following Abraham Lincoln's assassination, and played a minor role in "Flags of Our Fathers". In 2015, Bauer played the role of 'Pa' in Disney's "Tomorrowland". He also appeared in "Money Monster" as Lt. Nelson, and played Larry Rooney in "Sully".



</doc>
<doc id="3130885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3130885" title="Dondré Whitfield">
Dondré Whitfield

Dondré Terrell Whitfield (born May 27, 1969) is an American actor. He began his career appearing in a recurring role as Robert Foreman on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" (1985–87), before playing Terrence Frye in the ABC Daytime soap opera, "All My Children" (1991–94). He received three Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series nominations for his performance on "All My Children".

Whitfield had starring role in a number of short-lived sitcoms, include "The Crew" (1995–96), "Between Brothers" (1997–99), and "Hidden Hills" (2002–03). He also has appeared in a number of films, such as "Two Can Play That Game" (2001), "The Salon" (2004), "Pastor Brown" (2009), and "Middle of Nowhere" (2012). In 2015, Whitfield joined the cast of BET reality comedy series "Real Husbands of Hollywood", and in 2016 began starring in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Queen Sugar".

Whitfield began his television career appearing in the recurring role on the NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show" as Robert Foreman (the love interest of Tempestt Bledsoe's character Vanessa Huxtable). He later had a two year-run on the NBC daytime soap opera, "Another World". From 1991 to 1994, Whitfield portrayed Terrence Frye in the ABC Daytime soap opera, "All My Children". The role earned him nominations for three Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series and two Soap Opera Digest Awards.
After leaving daytime television, Whitfield starred in the short-lived Fox sitcom "The Crew" during 1995–96 season. In 1997, he went to star alongside Kadeem Hardison in another short-lived sitcom, "Between Brothers". He had dramatic turn in the 2000 UPN series "Secret Agent Man", it also was cancelled after one season. From 2002 to 2003, he starred alongside Tamara Taylor in another short-lived sitcom, "Hidden Hills" on NBC. From 2001 to 2002, Whitfield had a recurring role on the UPN sitcom "Girlfriends". He also has appeared on "The Jamie Foxx Show", "NYPD Blue", "Strong Medicine", "Ghost Whisperer", "", "Cold Case", and "Grey's Anatomy".

In film, Whitfield has appeared opposite Vivica A. Fox in "Two Can Play That Game" (2001), and "The Salon" (2004). He co-starred in "White Man's Burden" (1995), "Mr. 3000" (2003), and "Middle of Nowhere" (2012). He has appeared along with his wife Salli Richardson in 2009 film "Pastor Brown", and well as guest-starred on "Eureka" (in which he played Richardson's on-screen brother), and "Stitchers". Whitfield also had the recurring roles on "Make It or Break It" and "Mistresses" as Rochelle Aytes' husband. In 2015, Whitfield joined the cast of BET reality comedy series "Real Husbands of Hollywood".

In 2016, Whitfield was cast in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series, "Queen Sugar" produced by Ava DuVernay and Oprah Winfrey.

Whitfield was born in Brooklyn, New York. He attended the Performing Arts High School in New York City.

In 2002, Whitfield married actress Salli Richardson. They have two children: a daughter and a son.


</doc>
<doc id="3132143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3132143" title="Felton Perry">
Felton Perry

Felton Perry (born September 11, 1945) is an American actor. He is most notable for his roles as Deputy Obrah Eaker in the 1973 movie "Walking Tall", and as Inspector Early Smith in the 1973 movie "Magnum Force", the second film in the "Dirty Harry" series. Felton's other well-known role is in the 1987 science fiction movie "RoboCop" as Donald Johnson, an executive at the corporation Omni Consumer Products (OCP). He reprised his role as Johnson in the sequels "RoboCop 2" (1990) and "RoboCop 3" (1993).

Perry is also a playwright known for such plays as "Buy the Bi and Bye" which in 1976 the "Progress Bulletin" called an "offbeat and hilarious black satire with a zinging performance by Ron Thompson."

A life member of the Actors Studio, Felton starred on the television show "Hooperman" as Inspector Clarence McNeil. He has made guest appearances on many TV series, including "227", "Adam-12", "Ironside", "Hill Street Blues", "L.A. Law", "Cagney and Lacey", "What's Happening Now!!", "Ironside", "Mannix", "The Partridge Family", "Barnaby Jones", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "N.Y.P.D. Blue", "Judging Amy", "Civil Wars", "Murphy Brown", "Stingray", "Marcus Welby, M.D.," "Sports Night" and "The West Wing".

He has also voiced characters in animation including the feature film "The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat" and the children's television series "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo".




</doc>
<doc id="3133986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3133986" title="Jerome Courtland">
Jerome Courtland

Jerome Courtland (December 27, 1926 – March 1, 2012) was an American actor, director and producer. He acted in films in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s, and in television in the 1950s and 1960s. Courtland also appeared on Broadway in the musical "Flahooley" in the early 1950s. He directed and produced television series in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He served in the Pacific Theater of World War II.

Jerome "Jerry" Courtland was born Courtland Jourolmon Jr. on December 27, 1926 in Knoxville, Tennessee. At 17, he attended a Hollywood party with his mother, a professional singer. A chance meeting with director Charles Vidor led to a screen test at Columbia Pictures and a seven-year contract. Courtland's feature debut was in Vidor's 1944 screwball comedy "Together Again", before he joined the military, seeing service in the Pacific.

After the War, Courtland starred opposite Shirley Temple in "Kiss and Tell", followed by appearances in more than a dozen films including "The Man From Colorado" (1949), "Battleground" (1949), "The Palomino" (1950), "The Barefoot Mailman" (1951), and "Take the High Ground" (1953).

He was a licensed pilot and trained in stunt flying.

In 1951 Courtland starred on Broadway as the romantic lead in the very short-lived musical "Flahooley" with Barbara Cook. Returning to California, he was frequently seen in guest roles on Westerns including "The Rifleman", "Death Valley Days" and "The Virginian".

In 1957, he starred in six episodes of ABC's "Disneyland" in the miniseries "The Saga of Andy Burnett", the story of a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, man who comes west to the Rocky Mountains. This was an attempt by Walt Disney to follow up on the success of the first television miniseries, "Davy Crockett". In 1958, Courtland guest starred in an episode of the television Western series "The Rifleman". His voice was heard singing the title song during the credits in the movie "Old Yeller". In 1959 he played the role of Army Lt. Henry Nowlan in the Disney film "Tonka". Also that year he narrated the Disney short "Noah's Ark", nominated for an Oscar the following year for Best Short Subject (Cartoon).

Courtland starred in the 1959-1960 television series "Tales of the Vikings", as the lead character, Leif. He dyed his hair and beard blonde for the role. The series was produced by Kirk Douglas' Bryna Productions and ran for 39 episodes.

Courtland was cast as newspaperman William Byers in the 1965 episode, "The Race at Cherry Creek", on the syndicated television anthology series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Ronald Reagan. In the story line, Byers races against time to put out the first newspaper in the Colorado Territory during the gold rush year of 1859. His "Rocky Mountain News" became the first publication in the territory. Though strongly encouraged in the pursuit by his wife Elizabeth ([Nancy Rennick), Byers' pressman, Andy Kate (Alvy Moore), is pessimistic about their chances of publishing first.

In the 60s, Courtland gave up acting to produce for Disney, Screen Gems, and others.

In 1975, he produced the Walt Disney film, "Ride a Wild Pony".

He was one of two producers of the partly animated 1977 Disney movie "Pete's Dragon".

He was the producer of "Escape to Witch Mountain" in 1975, and "The Devil and Max Devlin".

In 1968 Courtland made his directorial debut with several episodes of "The Flying Nun". In the 1980s he directed episodes of Aaron Spelling's "Dynasty", "Fantasy Island", "The Love Boat" and "The Colbys".

In the early 1990s he made guest appearances on "L.A. Law" and "Knots Landing". In 1997 he moved to the Chicago area, where for five years he taught acting and directing for the camera at Columbia College.

Courtland died on March 1, 2012 of heart disease in the Santa Clarita Valley, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3138026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3138026" title="Josh Hopkins">
Josh Hopkins

William Joshua Hopkins (born September 12, 1970) is an American actor and amateur musician. Hopkins was born in Lexington, Kentucky. He has participated in many TV series and films. He is the writer and performer of the song "Feigning Interest", a humoristic music video about dating that went viral in 2007. In 2015, he starred in the ABC thriller "Quantico" as Liam O'Connor.

Hopkins was born in Lexington, Kentucky on September 12, 1970.

Hopkins joined the fourth, and the last season, of "New York Undercover" in 1998. In 1999 Hopkins starred in Alanis Morissette's "Unsent" music video. Hopkins portrayed Paul Allen in the 1999 film "Pirates of Silicon Valley", and Raymond Milbury on the television series "Ally McBeal" (2001 to 2002). He portrayed womanizer Charlie Babcock on the television series "Pepper Dennis" (2006). He later worked with his former "Ally McBeal" co-star Calista Flockhart when he had a recurring role on "Brothers & Sisters". He also had a semi regular role as Peter Manning on the cancelled Fox drama "Vanished" (2006).

In 2005, Hopkins guest starred on Fox's hit show "Bones" as Temperance Brennan's former professor and lover, Michael Stires, in the episode "The Girl in the Fridge". Hopkins has also guest starred in "". Season 1 of the CBS series "Cold Case" saw Hopkins play the role of Assistant District Attorney Jason Kite. The show was especially noted for the on-screen chemistry between Hopkins' character and the character of Detective Lilly Rush, played by Kathryn Morris.

Hopkins starred in the 2008 CBS summer drama "Swingtown" as Roger Thompson. The series was originally intended for the Fall 2007 season, but was postponed due to the writer's strike. It has sparked some controversy for its portrayal of 1970s culture, including open marriage and key parties.

In 2009, Hopkins appeared as Dr. Noah Barnes in season 2 of ABC's "Private Practice". He went on to play the character Grayson Ellis on the sitcom "Cougar Town", which premiered September 23, 2009 on ABC and later moved to TBS. In 2015, Hopkins joined the main cast for "Quantico" playing the role of Liam O'Connor, a seasoned FBI agent working in the academy.

In 2018, Hopkins joined the main cast of "Whiskey Cavalier" in the role of FBI agent, Ray Prince.



</doc>
<doc id="3139633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3139633" title="Christopher B. Duncan">
Christopher B. Duncan

Christopher B. Duncan is an American actor. Duncan is known for his television roles and portrayal of former U.S. President Barack Obama.

Duncan received his B.F.A. in Acting from the University of Colorado, Boulder.

Duncan had a starring role as Braxton P. Hartnabrig on "The Jamie Foxx Show". He played the leading role of President William Johnson in the sitcom "The First Family". 

He also had long standing recurring roles on "Jane by Design", "Veronica Mars", "Aliens In America", "Lincoln Heights", "The District", "Black Lightning", and "Soul Food". His guest starring credits include "Martin", "Rosewood", "Castle", "NCIS", "Bones", "Mental", "ER", "Boston Legal", "24", "", & "The Practice". 

He's played President Barack Obama on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" as well as in the 2010 film "My Name Is Khan".



</doc>
<doc id="3147043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3147043" title="Dave Annable">
Dave Annable

David Rodman Annable (born September 15, 1979) is an American actor. His roles include Justin Walker on the ABC television drama "Brothers & Sisters" (2006–11), Henry Martin on the ABC supernatural drama "666 Park Avenue" (2012–13), and Pierce Harrison on the NBC medical drama "Heartbeat" (2016).

Annable was born in Suffern, New York. He grew up in Walden, a village in New York, where he played baseball, rugby and hockey. His father is Christian and his mother is Jewish, and he was "raised both".

Annable attended Valley Central High School and graduated in 1997. He attended college at the State University of New York at Plattsburgh (SUNY Plattsburgh). There, he became involved with the student-run TV station, Plattsburgh State Television (PSTV), working both on production behind the scenes and on the air as well. He hosted many shows at PSTV, including "Late Night with Dave Annable", "Cardinal Sports", and "The Roommate Game". Annable credits Plattsburgh State Television for preparing him for his successful career in television. Annable dropped out of college in 2003 to pursue his acting career.

After leaving SUNY Plattsburgh, Annable studied acting at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York with Richard Pinter.

In 2002, Annable made his acting debut in an episode of the NBC crime drama "Third Watch". Annable has appeared in numerous commercials for brands such as Mountain Dew, Starburst and Abercrombie and Fitch. In 2004, Annable appeared in the films "Little Black Book" and "Spellbound". In September 2005, Annable began appearing as Aaron Lewis on the Fox drama series "Reunion", which centers on six friends who attend their 20th high school reunion, where one of them is murdered and all of them are suspects. In December, Fox cancelled the series due to low ratings shortly after the ninth episode aired. The WB reportedly showed interest in picking up the series on their network, but these plans never materialized.

In 2006, Annable was cast as Justin Walker on the ABC drama series "Brothers & Sisters" alongside Calista Flockhart, Rachel Griffiths, and Sally Field, which was picked up for a full season by the network. In 2007, Annable was ranked as #7 on "People" magazine's annual list of Sexiest Men Alive. In 2008, Annable won a Prism Award for Best Performance in a Drama Series Multi-Episode Storyline for his portrayal on "Brothers & Sisters". The series ran for five seasons until 2011.

In January 2012, Annable was confirmed to star as the male protagonist on the ABC supernatural drama series "666 Park Avenue" alongside Rachael Taylor, Vanessa Williams and Robert Buckley, which was picked up for a first season of 13 episodes in May. The series debuted in September only to be cancelled by November and removed from the network's schedule in December. "666 Park Avenue" returned to ABC in June 2013 to burn off its remaining episodes.

In 2014, Annable starred on the Fox series "Red Band Society", where he played the role of pediatric oncologist and surgeon Dr. Adam McAndrew. In 2016, he appeared as Pierce Harris on the NBC medical drama "Heartbeat" alongside Melissa George and Don Hany. Both series were also cancelled after one season.

In 2016, he landed recurring role as Teddy Grant on Fox's comedy series "The Mick" alongside Kaitlin Olson. On April 5, 2016, it was announced that Annable joined the WWE Studio action film "Armed Response" alongside Wesley Snipes and Anne Heche. The movie was released in theaters on August 4, 2017. He also starred as author Joe McGinniss in Jeffrey MacDonald true crime murder movie "Final Vision" on Investigation Discovery.

On August 3, 2017, Annable was cast as Lee Dutton, a cowboy, who serves as his father’s (Kevin Costner) right-hand man in running the ranch, in the pilot episode of Paramount Network's period drama "Yellowstone". He starred as Billy opposite his real life wife Odette Annable in a Freeform holiday movie "No Sleep ‘Til Christmas." In 2019, Annable played the role of Dr. Ian Harris in Netflix's social thriller "What/If ."

Annable had a relationship with his "Brothers & Sisters" co-star Emily VanCamp beginning in 2007, who later became his love interest on the series. He married Odette Yustman on October 10, 2010, who was also a love interest of Annable's character on the final season of "Brothers & Sisters". They have one child together, a daughter born in September 2015. In October 2019, the couple announced their separation. 

Five years after dropping out of college, Annable earned his diploma from SUNY Plattsburgh on May 16, 2009. In addition to earning his degree, Annable was awarded the "Off To A Good Start" award and gave a commencement address to his fellow Class of 2009 graduates. Completing college was a promise he made to his mother.



</doc>
<doc id="3148001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3148001" title="Ron Harper (actor)">
Ron Harper (actor)

Ronald Robert Harper (born January 12, 1936) is an American television and film actor. He resides in California and continues to act.

Harper was born in Turtle Creek, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh, the son of Mabel Grace (Champion) and George Harper. Harper became valedictorian of his senior class and won an academic scholarship to Princeton University in New Jersey, where he supplemented his academic studies by appearing in a number of plays and musical comedies, before moving to New York City, where he studied with Lee Strasberg.

After serving in the US Navy, Harper returned to New York. After several disappointments, he earned a job as Paul Newman's understudy in "Sweet Bird of Youth" on Broadway in 1959. Moving to Hollywood, his first role was in 1960 in the NBC series "Tales of Wells Fargo". Steady television guest appearances followed, including a spot on NBC's "The Tall Man". In December 1960, he appeared in the episode "Duel at Parkison Town" of NBC's "Laramie".

Harper appeared in soap operas, including CBS's "Where the Heart Is" and "Love of Life". He appeared as a regular performer on several TV series, including "Planet of the Apes", and as Uncle Jack on the third season of "Land of the Lost". His film credits included roles in "Below Utopia" (1997), "The Odd Couple II" (1998), "Freedom Strike" (1998), "Glass Trap" (2005) and "The Poughkeepsie Tapes" (2007).




</doc>
<doc id="3148207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3148207" title="Helmut Dantine">
Helmut Dantine

Helmut Dantine (7 October 1918 – 2 May 1982) was an Austrian-born American actor who often played Nazis in thriller films of the 1940s. His best-known performances are perhaps the German pilot in "Mrs. Miniver" and the desperate refugee in "Casablanca", who tries gambling to obtain travel visa money for himself and his wife. As his acting career waned, he turned to producing.

According to one obituary, "He specialized in portrayals of Nazis, sometimes as the handsome but icy SS sadist battling Allied heroes, sometimes as a sympathetic German soldier forced, against his better judgment, to fight".

Dantine's father, Alfred Guttman, was the head of the Austrian railway system in Vienna. As a young man, Dantine became involved in Vienna's anti-Nazi movement. In 1938, when he was 19 years old, the Nazis took over Austria during the Anschluss. Dantine was rounded up with hundreds of other enemies of the Third Reich and imprisoned in a Nazi concentration camp outside Vienna.

Three months later, using their influence, his parents obtained his release and immediately sent him to California to live with a friend. His father later died in Austria. His mother, Ditha Guttman, was safely brought to the U.S. in 1960 by her son to live in California. Ditha lived there until her death in 1983.

Dantine enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles. His relatives thought he would go into business, but he became interested in theater. He began his U.S. acting career at the Pasadena Playhouse, while running two gas stations in order to pay his expenses. Dantine was spotted by a talent scout from Warner Bros, who signed him to a contract.

Dantine had uncredited parts in "International Squadron" (1942) and "To Be or Not to Be" (1942), before his first credited role in MGM's "Mrs. Miniver" (1942), playing a downed German pilot captured by the title character (played by Greer Garson). It was a huge hit, and Dantine received much positive attention from being in the film.

In August 1942, Warners signed him to a new acting contract. The studio kept him busy with roles in the World War II films, "The Pied Piper" (1942), "Desperate Journey" (1942) fighting Errol Flynn, and "The Navy Comes Through" (1942).

He had a sympathetic role in "Casablanca" (1942), as a young refugee trying and failing to earn money via gambling in order to purchase travel visas for he and his wife; he is helped by Humphrey Bogart. Warners begin to give Dantine more sizeable roles in their "A" films, "Watch on the Rhine" (1943), "Edge of Darkness" (1943), playing a Nazi officer, again fighting Errol Flynn, and "Mission to Moscow" (1943), playing a sympathetic Russian.

Dantine's good looks caused him to receive a lot of fan mail and, in the words of one profile, "the studio began to realise it had something else besides a Hollywood Hitlerite on its hands". Warners announced they had bought "Night Action" by Norman Krasna as a vehicle for Dantine, but the film appears not to have been made. Instead, he had a large role playing the villain in "Northern Pursuit" (1943), as a Nazi running loose in northern Canada fighting Errol Flynn again.

Warner Bros. later cast him in a sympathetic role in "Passage to Marseille" (1944), and he was one of several stars in "Hollywood Canteen" (1944). In 1944, exhibitors voting for "Stars of Tomorrow", picked Dantine at number 10.

Warners gave him a sympathetic lead in "Hotel Berlin" (1945), as the leader of the German underground. He was once again a Nazi on-the-run in "Escape in the Desert" (1945), a remake of "The Petrified Forest". His last role for Warners was in the film noir, "Shadow of a Woman" (1946). He then left the studio.

Dantine was the lead in another film noir "Whispering City" (1947) for Eagle-Lion Films.

In 1947, he co-starred with Tallulah Bankhead in the Broadway play "The Eagle Has Two Heads", replacing Marlon Brando. According to Jean Cocteau, Bankhead made alterations to the play, and the production was a flop, lasting only 29 performances.

Dantine was in "No Time for Comedy" on stage in Washington and also performed in the 1950 Broadway play "Parisienne". He was also in "Arms and the Man" at Cambridge Summer Playhouse.

Dantine starred in the live but short-lived television series "Shadow of the Cloak" during the 1951–52 season. He had the lead in a B-movie, "Guerrilla Girl" (1953), then had a small role in the musical, "Call Me Madam" (1953), He was supported by Patricia Neal while starring in the British science fiction film "Stranger from Venus" (1953).

Dantine acted in the 1956 film production of Tolstoy's "War and Peace" as Dolokhov, a Cossack officer assigned to harrying the retreat of France's Napoleonic army from Moscow. He also had a small role in "Alexander the Great" (1956), "" (1957), and "The Story of Mankind" (1957). He played the lead role in "Hell on Devil's Island" (1957).

Dantine directed the 1958 military aviation film "Thundering Jets", starring Rex Reason, and continued to act in the films "Fräulein" (1958) and "Tempest" (1958).

As his acting career wound down, he became a vice-president of Hollywood mogul Joseph Schenck's company, Schenck Enterprises, in 1959; Schenck was his wife's uncle.

He later went to work as producer with Robert L. Lippert Productions and then as president of Hand Enterprises Inc.

Among Dantine's later screen appearances, there were three films for which he was the executive producer: "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia" (1974) and "The Killer Elite" (1975), both directed by Sam Peckinpah, and "The Wilby Conspiracy" (1975). He was also in "The Fifth Musketeer" (1979) and "Tarzan the Apeman" (1981).

Before graduating from UCLA, he married fellow theater student Gwen Anderson; they divorced in 1943.

In 1943, he was in a car accident and accused of hit-and-run. In January 1945 he was arrested for biting Ida Lupino's assistant on the arm during a New Year's Eve party; after apologizing to the assistant, he was released.

He became an American citizen in April 1944.

In 1947, he married Charlene Stafford Wrightsman (1927–1963), the younger daughter of Charles Bierer Wrightsman, an oil millionaire whose collection of French furniture and decorative arts fills several galleries at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The couple had a son, Dana Wrightsman Dantine, before divorcing in 1950. His ex-wife claimed Dantine was after her father's money.

In 1958, Dantine married Nicola Schenck, daughter of Nicholas Schenck, one of the founders of Loews. His wife acted under the name Niki Dantine; the couple had three children: Dita, Nicola, and Shelley. In 1971, Helmut and Niki were divorced.

On 2 May 1982, Helmut Dantine died in Beverly Hills from a heart attack at the age of 63.



</doc>
<doc id="3148341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3148341" title="Brady Corbet">
Brady Corbet

Brady James Monson Corbet (; born August 17, 1988) is an American actor and filmmaker. Corbet is known for playing Mason Freeland in the film "Thirteen", Brian Lackey in the film "Mysterious Skin", Alan Tracy in the 2004 film "Thunderbirds", and Peter in the 2007 film "Funny Games". He has made guest appearances on many television shows. He made his feature film directorial debut with "The Childhood of a Leader" and won Best Debut film and Best Director award at 72nd Venice International Film Festival.

Corbet played Derek Huxley, the son of Jack Bauer's (Kiefer Sutherland) new girlfriend, in the first six episodes of the fifth season of the television series "24".

Corbet began an acting career at age eleven with a guest role in an April 2000 episode of CBS' "The King of Queens", and he followed it up with voice work in the English version of the Japanese anime series "NieA under 7". Over the next few years, he was a regular on another anime series, "I My Me! Strawberry Eggs" (2001), and he guest-starred in a May 2002 episode of the WB sitcom "Greetings from Tucson". He also appeared in a May 2003 episode of Fox’s sitcom "Oliver Beene".

In 2003, Corbet landed his first film role when he was cast opposite Holly Hunter, Evan Rachel Wood, Nikki Reed, Vanessa Hudgens and Jeremy Sisto in director Catherine Hardwicke's "Thirteen".

Following his big-screen debut, Corbet starred as Alan Tracy, the youngest son of a billionaire ex-astronaut (played by Bill Paxton) in "Thunderbirds" (2004), Jonathan Frakes' live-action movie based on the British TV series of the mid-1960s. Corbet once again shared the screen with Hudgens.

In 2004, California filmmaker Gregg Araki cast him opposite Joseph Gordon-Levitt in the director's eighth film, "Mysterious Skin". In the film, based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Scott Heim, Corbet portrayed Brian Lackey, a troubled teen who is plagued by nightmares and believes that he may have been abducted by aliens. The film debuted in that year's Venice Film Festival and had a limited release in 2005.

In 2006, Corbet returned to television with a recurring role as Derek Huxley, son of Jack Bauer's new girlfriend (played by Connie Britton) in the fifth season of Fox's Emmy- and Golden Globe–winning show, "24." Corbet most recently played the role of Watts in the 2011 psychological thriller "Martha Marcy May Marlene".

Corbet also has appeared in the indie rock band Bright Eyes' music video "At The Bottom Of Everything" (2005). In October 2006, he was featured in the Ima Robot video for "Lovers in Captivity," which was produced independently of their Virgin record label and was featured in an "Out Magazine" article.

In 2013, Corbet signed to direct his first feature film "The Childhood of a Leader". It premiered in the Horizons section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where he won Best Director in the festival's Horizons (Orrizonti) section. In 2018, Corbet directed his second feature film "Vox Lux" starring Natalie Portman and Jude Law.

Corbet has been dating Norwegian director Mona Fastvold since the production of their film "The Sleepwalker". They had a daughter in 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="3148428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3148428" title="James Seay">
James Seay

James Seay (September 9, 1914 in Pasadena, California – October 10, 1992 in Capistrano Beach, California) was an American character actor who often played minor supporting roles as government officials.

Seay demonstrated an interest in acting at an early age, as he and his mother regularly attended Saturday matinees of a stock theater company in Pasadena, California. After working for an insurance company, he became a student at the Pasadena Playhouse.

After a year at the Pasadena Playhouse, Seay spent the summer as leading man in a summer stock company at the Chapel Playhouse in Guilford, Connecticut. He returned to Pasadena and performed in two plays before he received a contract from Paramount Pictures.

Although it was a minor part not credited on-screen, his role in the film "Miracle on 34th Street" (1947) is one of his most visible because the film is a staple of Christmas repeats on television.

Among his many credits, Seay appeared in minor roles in a couple of episodes of "Adventures of Superman" television series: "The Mind Machine" (as a senator) and "Jungle Devil" (as an airplane pilot).

In the syndicated 1954-1955 television series "Stories of the Century", starring and narrated by Jim Davis, Seay portrayed the Wyoming storekeeper James "Jim" Averill, companion of Cattle Kate Watson, both of whom were hanged in a dispute with cattlemen at the start of the Johnson County Range War.

Seay played corrupt district attorney Lucius Peck in the 1955 episode, "The Hangman Waits" on the western anthology series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. Percy Helton played Alex Grant, who is arrested for a 15-year-old murder when he returns to a mining camp. The outlook for Grant is bleak for Grant until his youthful lawyer, Greg Lewis (Clark Howat), locates a corroborating witness, 75-year-old Harry Gander (Hank Patterson), whose personal diary clears Grant of the false charge.

Seay appeared sixteen times as Judge Spicer on ABC's western series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", starring Hugh O'Brian. He was cast six times as a sheriff on the NBC children's western series, "Fury", starring Peter Graves and Bobby Diamond. He also guest starred in Kenneth Tobey's syndicated aviation adventure series, "Whirlybirds", and on the westerns "The Californians", "The Tall Man", and "The Rebel".

He appeared three times in 1958 and 1959 on CBS' "Perry Mason": murder victim Ross Hollister in "The Case of the Cautious Coquette," Dr. Michael Harris in "The Case of the Curious Bride," and murderer Ralph Hibberly in "The Case of the Spurious Sister."

Seay was cast as Duke Tavener, an unscrupulous businessman who tries to force a woman to turn over her saloon/casino to him, in the 1958 episode "Gambler" of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Cheyenne", starring Clint Walker.

He appeared on CBS's "The Twilight Zone" as the sheriff in the episode "In His Image" and as Agent Bowton in "The Andy Griffith Show" Season 4 episode, "The Haunted House" and the Season 5 episode, "Prisoner of Love".

Seay made training films for the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.

On October 10, 1992, Seay died in Laguna Beach, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3151587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3151587" title="Warren Berlinger">
Warren Berlinger

Warren Berlinger (born August 31, 1937) is an American character actor, with Broadway runs, movie and television credits, and much work in commercials.

Berlinger performed in the original 1946 Broadway production of "Annie Get Your Gun", with Ethel Merman and Ray Middleton. He guest-starred on the original "Howdy Doody" television show, with roles following on "Kraft Television Theatre" and other programs. He also guest-starred on John Cassavetes's detective series, NBC's "Johnny Staccato".

In 1960 he appeared with Jack Lemon and Rick Nelson in The Wackiest Ship In The Army as Radioman 2nd class A.J. Sparks.

Berlinger appeared in both the Broadway stage and Hollywood movie productions of "Blue Denim" (winning a Theatre World Award for the stage version), and also "Happy Time", "Anniversary Waltz" (later adapted as the movie "Happy Anniversary"), and "Come Blow Your Horn" in 1961. He also performed in the 1963 London stage production of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying" at the Shaftesbury Theatre. His career as a character actor began in 1956 with the film "Teenage Rebel", and continued in the movies "Because They're Young" (1960), "The Wackiest Ship In The Army" (1960), "Billie" (1965) and "Thunder Alley" (1967).

In 1965, Berlinger was the star of "Kilroy", a segment of Walt Disney's "Wonderful World of Color". In 1966, he played Phillip Short in the movie "Spinout". Later appearances included episodes of "Charlie's Angels", "Happy Days" (including an appearance as "tough-as-nails" United States Army recruiter Sergeant Bechler), on Marlo Thomas' TV show "That Girl", as Thomas' stingy cousin Howard (Season 1, Episode 27), "Love, American Style", "Operation Petticoat", "Friends", "Columbo" and "Murder, She Wrote". In 1973, he was a regular cast member of the short-lived situation comedy "A Touch of Grace". His other films include "The Long Goodbye" (1973), "The Girl Most Likely to..." (1973), In 1975, he was a special guest member of the show Emergency! playing the role of a heart transplant patient Mr. Frank Fenady along side Jeanne Cooper. "Lepke" (1975), "I Will, I Will... for Now" (1976), "The Shaggy D.A." (1976), "The Magician of Lublin" (1979), "The Cannonball Run" (1981), "The World According to Garp" (1982), "Ten Little Indians" (1989), "Hero" (1992) and "That Thing You Do!" (1996). 

In 2006, Berlinger marked his 60th anniversary in show business. He has been both honorary mayor and honorary sheriff of Chatsworth, California.

Berlinger was born in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, of Jewish heritage, the son of Frieda (née Shapkin) and Elias Berlinger, a building contractor. His family owned Berlinger's Glass Store on Avenue D. He and his late wife, actress Betty Lou Keim (1938–2010) had four children. He is the nephew of Milton Berle.



</doc>
<doc id="3155173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3155173" title="Omid Abtahi">
Omid Abtahi

Omid Abtahi (, born 12 July 1979) is an Iranian-born American actor. He is best known for his roles as Salim in Showtime's "American Gods" and that of Homes in the final installment of "The Hunger Games" film series, "".

Abtahi was born in Tehran, Iran. At the age of 5 he moved to Paris with his family and later they moved to the United States, finally moving to Irvine, Orange County, California when he was 10.

Abtahi graduated from University High School in Irvine and attended California State University, Fullerton. He began studying advertising, then picked up a second major in theater and graduated in 2002.

Before acting on television, Abtahi performed on stage in many theatrical productions including "Fraulein Else" at the Berkeley Repertory, McCarter Theatre and Longwarf Theatre; "Adoration of the Old Woman" at the Sundance Theatre Lab and "Your Everyday Typical Romantic Comedy" at the Kennedy Centre. He has also guest starred on the television series "JAG", "Judging Amy" and "24". He played Justin Yates in "Ghost Whisperer".

After arriving in Los Angeles, Abtahi was a series regular on FX's "Over There" and Showtime's "Sleeper Cell". While preparing for the role of Pvt. Tariq Nassiri on the television series "Over There", Abtahi learned how to speak French fluently.

Abtahi made his New York stage debut in "Urge for Going" by Mona Mansour. He is also the voice of Farid in "", and of Sergeant John Lugo in "". He also voices Victor "Gator" Diallo in .



</doc>
<doc id="3156456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3156456" title="Lillo Brancato Jr.">
Lillo Brancato Jr.

Lillo Brancato Jr. (born August 30, 1976) is an American actor, known for his performance as "Calogero Anello" in Robert De Niro's 1993 directorial debut, "A Bronx Tale." He also played Matthew Bevilaqua, a young mobster on "The Sopranos".

In December 2005, Brancato was charged with second-degree murder for his role in a burglary in the Bronx, New York in which an off-duty police officer, Daniel Enchautegui, confronted two burglars and was killed in a shootout. Brancato was subsequently acquitted of murder, but was convicted of first-degree attempted burglary and sentenced to 10 years in prison. He was released on parole on December 31, 2013. His criminal co-defendant was convicted of firing the fatal shot.

Brancato was born in Bogotá, Colombia. Adopted when he was four months old, he was raised by Italian-American parents, Lillo Sr. (a construction worker), and Domenica (an electrolysist), in Yonkers, New York. Brancato studied at Mount Saint Michael Academy. His adoptive brother, Vinny, briefly worked as a fashion model and now works as a Yonkers civil servant.

Although he was born in Colombia, Brancato has said, "I consider myself Italian. I was raised to eat pasta". Brancato was discovered in 1992, while swimming at New York’s Jones Beach, by a talent scout who noticed Brancato's resemblance to Robert De Niro. Brancato was a fan of De Niro and impressed the scout with an impression of Travis Bickle from "Taxi Driver". This won him the role of De Niro's son in "A Bronx Tale".

Brancato acted in three films in the mid-1990s, prior to joining the cast of "The Sopranos". In the 1993 film "A Bronx Tale", he played the main character Calogero 'C' Anello, a teenager torn between his father and a mob boss who befriended him as a child. (According to "New York Magazine", Brancato earned $25,000 ($ today) for the role.) He appeared in the 1994 movie "Renaissance Man", followed by a minor but climactic role as a radio operator in the 1995 film "Crimson Tide".

In the second season of "The Sopranos", which HBO broadcast in 2000, Brancato starred as Matthew Bevilaqua, a young mobster associated with Tony Soprano's crime syndicate. Bevilaqua first appeared in the second-season premiere, "Guy Walks into a Psychiatrist's Office...", and appeared in five more episodes, the last one being "Bust Out", However, his character was murdered in the previous episode, "From Where to Eternity". Brancato also played a mobster in the TV series "Falcone", which debuted in 2000. In 2001, Brancato starred in "'R Xmas", appearing with fellow "Sopranos" cast member Drea de Matteo.

Brancato’s last film before being charged in 2005 for first-degree burglary (see below) was "Saturday Morning", released in 2007. The director, whose brother-in-law is a policeman, edited down all of Brancato’s scenes during post-production.

After his 2013 release from prison, Brancato’s first feature film was the production "Back in The Day" (2016), which received poor reviews during its perfunctory theatrical release, quickly moving to video on demand.

Brancato started using drugs and alcohol shortly after his introduction to show business in 1992. He was addicted to cocaine and heroin by his mid-20s.

On June 10, 2005, Brancato was arrested by the Yonkers Police Department, in Yonkers, New York. Officers originally pulled Brancato over for having a rear brake light out and found he had an expired registration and no other papers for the vehicle. He gave police permission to look in a cigarette box, where they found four bags of heroin. He was charged with a seventh-degree Class A misdemeanor for criminal possession of a controlled substance.

Six months later, on December 10, 2005, Brancato was arrested by the New York City Police Department (NYPD) in the Bronx for the murder of 28-year-old police officer Daniel Enchautegui, who was at home and off-duty at the time of his death. Enchautegui had served with the NYPD for three years and was assigned to the 40th Precinct in the Bronx. Enchautegui confronted Brancato (then 29) and his accomplice, Steven Armento (48), outside a vacant house located at 3119 Arnow Place, next to his own, after hearing glass break. While Enchautegui waited for backup, a gunfight erupted and Enchautegui was shot. He was later taken to Jacobi Medical Center, where he died. Police arrested Brancato and Armento in the vicinity, both with multiple gunshot wounds and in critical condition.

Armento, who was the father of Brancato's girlfriend Stefanie, was convicted of first-degree murder on October 30, 2008 and sentenced to life in prison without parole.

Brancato was charged with second-degree murder, and his trial began on November 17, 2008. On December 22, 2008, a jury found him not guilty of murder, but found him guilty of first-degree attempted burglary. On January 9, 2009, a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison.

Brancato was incarcerated as state inmate #09A0227 in the Oneida Correctional Facility in Rome, New York, and was subsequently transferred to the Hudson Correctional Facility. While in prison, Brancato continued his drug use, suffering a heroin overdose on at least one occasion. On December 31, 2013, he was released on parole.



</doc>
<doc id="3162588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3162588" title="Dakin Matthews">
Dakin Matthews

Melvin Richard "Dakin" Matthews (born November 7, 1940) is an American actor with a long history of work in film, television and theater. He is also a playwright, director, and theatrical scholar.

Melvin Richard Matthews was born in Oakland, California. He initially aspired to become a Roman Catholic priest, studying in San Francisco and then at Gregorian University in Rome in the 1960s. However, his growing interest in drama led him to the Juilliard School, where he taught, among others, Kevin Kline and Patti LuPone. 

He acted and taught at the American Conservatory Theater (A.C.T.) in San Francisco where Annette Bening was one of his students. He also attended graduate school at New York University. He is an Emeritus Professor of English at California State University, East Bay in Hayward, California.

He began his stage career in 1965 in the San Francisco Bay Area, appearing in both the Marin and California Shakespeare Festivals, eventually becoming a member of the acting ensemble of the American Conservatory Theater. In the late 1980s, settling permanently in Los Angeles, Matthews began guest-starring in television series and appearing in films. He starred in series such as "Down Home", "Soul Man" and, most successfully, "The Jeff Foxworthy Show". 

In 1989 he starred in the preshow for EPCOT Center's Body Wars attraction in The Wonders Of Life Pavilion. He also has made many guest appearances on television, including "Remington Steele", "Dallas", "Murder She Wrote", "L.A. Law", "The Nanny", "True Blood", "Just Shoot Me!", "", "The West Wing", "Gilmore Girls "(as Headmaster Charleston), "Ally McBeal", "Coach", "The Practice", "Who's the Boss?", "Charmed", "Diagnosis Murder", "The King of Queens" (as Doug Heffernan's father Joe), "NYPD Blue", "Desperate Housewives" (appearing in every Season except 5 as Reverend Sykes), "House M.D." (appearing in 2004 in "Damned If You Do" the 5th episode of the 1st season playing the role of Marvin/Santa Claus), "The Big Bang Theory" as Santa (season 6 episode 11), "Blue Bloods" (as of 2016 appearing in "Help Me Help You" the 16th episode of the 6th season playing the role of Judge Wilson), "Two and a Half Men, and" "Carnivàle."

Matthews has appeared in more than 25 feature films, including "Nuts", "Like Father Like Son", "Clean and Sober", "Thirteen Days", "Funny Farm", "True Grit" (as Colonel Stonehill), Steven Spielberg's' "Lincoln", "Flubber", and "Zero Charisma". He played the role of Col. Cochrane in "Child's Play 3", where he is later murdered . He also appeared in a number of television movies, including "And the Band Played On", "Baby M," and "White Mile". 

As a stage actor, he is known for his many Shakespearean roles, especially King Lear, Bottom, and Falstaff, and most recently for his portrayals of C. S. Lewis in South Coast Repertory's "Shadowlands", as "Warwick" in Shakespeare's "Henry IV" at the Lincoln Center Theater, as "Undershaft" in "Major Barbara" and "Tarleton" in "Misalliance" for South Coast Repertory, as "The Fixer" in "Water and Power" for the Center Theatre Group in Los Angeles, as "Leonato" in Shakespeare Center L.A.'s production of "Much Ado About Nothing" with Helen Hunt, as "Cardinal Wolsey" in "A Man For All Seasons" with Frank Langella at the Roundabout, and as "Senator Carlin" in "Gore Vidal's The Best Man "on Broadway.

In 2010, Matthews joined the cast of the ABC soap opera "General Hospital" as Judge Peter Carroll, the judge in Sonny Corinthos' trial.

He is also a playwright, director, and theater scholar who has published books and articles on Shakespeare and translations of 17th-century Spanish theater. He has been a dramaturg on numerous theatrical productions, including the 2005 Broadway revival of "Julius Caesar" starring Denzel Washington and the 2003 revival of "Henry IV", winning a Drama Desk Award Special Award for his adaptation of the latter.

Matthews was also Artistic Director of the Berkeley Shakespeare Festival, the California Actors Theatre, The Antaeus Theatre Company (which he co-founded in 1991), and the Andak Stage Company; he is an Associate Artist of the Old Globe Theatre; and a founding member of the John Houseman's The Acting Company and Sam Mendes' Bridge Project.

Matthews appeared in the 2009 world tour of The Bridge Project as "Pishchick" in "The Cherry Orchard" and "Antigonus" in "The Winter's Tale". In the 2011 summer season of The Public Theater's Shakespeare in the Park, he performed as "the Provost" in "Measure for Measure" and "Lafew" in "All's Well That Ends Well". and as "Sir Humphrey" in the American premiere of "Yes Prime Minister" at the Kirk Douglas Theatre. He was nominated for an Ovation Award for Book and Lyrics of an original musical entitled "Liberty Inn", which he co-wrote with B. T. Ryback. 

In 2011, his verse translation of "The Capulets & The Montagues" played at the Andak Stage Company and the International Siglo de Oro Festival, winning the L.A. Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Adaptation. Matthews appeared twice as Santa Claus in "The Big Bang Theory" season 6 episode, "The Santa Simulation" and season 8 episode "The Clean Room Infiltration".

He was the dramaturg for the Lincoln Center production of "Macbeth" (2013), directed by Jack O'Brien and starring Ethan Hawke. He appeared as "Richard Russell" in Robert Schenkkan's award-winning L.B.J. play "All The Way", starring Bryan Cranston, at A.R.T. in Cambridge in September 2013. 

He appeared as "Mickey Goldmill" in the Broadway musical "Rocky the Musical" in 2014, then in 2015, he went on to play Winston Churchill opposite Helen Mirren as Queen Elizabeth II in Peter Morgan's "The Audience" on Broadway. Matthews portrayed Judge Byers in the 2015 film "Bridge of Spies". He originated the role "Joe" in the musical "Waitress" that opened on Broadway in April 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="3163455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3163455" title="Hilly Hicks">
Hilly Hicks

Hilly Gene Hicks Sr. (born May 4, 1950 in Los Angeles, California) is an American character actor.

The role for which Hicks is perhaps best known is Lewis Moore (the younger son of Alex Haley's second great-grandfather Chicken George) in the TV mini-series "Roots". He appeared in the programs "Adam-12", "The Bill Cosby Show", "Night Gallery", "Hill Street Blues", "M*A*S*H" (appearing twice; once as a soldier trying to steal penicillin and again as an Army medic), "Roll Out!" (a short-lived sitcom created by "M*A*S*H"'s Larry Gelbart & Gene Reynolds), the TV movie "Friendly Fire", the theatrical movies "Gray Lady Down" and "Raise the Titanic". He appeared as Robbie Robertson in the 1977 television movie pilot for the CBS series "The Amazing Spider-Man", and did voicework in Hanna Barbera's 1970s "Godzilla" TV cartoon. He also played Brent in the period film and mini-series "Louisiana".

Hicks has been pastor of New Beginnings United Methodist Church North Campus · July 2013 to June 2015 · San Bernardino, California; Emmanuel United Methodist Church · July 2010 to June 2015 · San Bernardino, California; and 
Crenshaw United Methodist Church · July 2008 to June 2010 · Los Angeles, California in Inglewood, California. He is the father of playwright Hilly Hicks, Jr.

Demetria Fulton previewed Hilly Hicks on Barnaby Jones; episode titled "Dangerous Summer" (02/11/1975).



</doc>
<doc id="3163795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3163795" title="Ricco Ross">
Ricco Ross

Ricco Ross (born April 16, 1958) is an American actor.

Born at Cook County Hospital in Chicago, Illinois, he is the fifth of eight children, and in addition has three step sisters and another brother from his father's first marriage. He first acted in a high school production, majored in theater at a local community college, and entered Florida Atlantic University (FAU), where he was awarded a BA in Theater. He earned a scholarship to UCLA, where his career started to develop.

Ross' first television role was as an extra on "The Young and the Restless", which was followed by a small part in "Hill Street Blues" and the male lead in the music video for Whitney Houston's 1985 hit song "Saving All My Love for You". He later played Private Ricco Frost in the film "Aliens" (1986), and also appeared in the films "Death Wish 3" (1985), "Spies Like Us" (1985), "" (1985 TV film), "Displaced Person" (1985 episode of "American Playhouse"), "Gulliver's Travels" (1996), "" (1996), "Fierce Creatures" (1997), "Nate and the Colonel" (2003) and "Hydra" (2009).

From the late 1980s to the early 1990s, he lived and worked in the United Kingdom, where he had guest appearances in "Doctor Who" (in the 1988 serial "The Greatest Show in the Galaxy") and "Jeeves and Wooster".

Ross now appears in various commercials, as well as TV shows aired throughout the United States.

Ricco Ross originally read for the part of Corporal Hicks. He was then offered the role of Private Drake, but he turned it down in favour of appearing in "Full Metal Jacket". However, James Cameron was so impressed with Ross' audition that he wrote the character of Frost specifically for him, and as a result Ross left Kubrick's production to appear in Aliens. In a 2014 interview for the podcast "I Was There Too", Ross stated that Private Frost's first name is actually Robert.




</doc>
<doc id="3164408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3164408" title="Peter Craig">
Peter Craig

Peter Craig (born November 10, 1969) is an American novelist and screenwriter.

Craig grew up in Southern California and Oregon. He is one of two children of Steve Craig and actress Sally Field, both of whom are divorced. Craig's half-brother, John Craig, is a musician; while his full-brother, Eli Craig, is a film director. Peter Craig attended the Iowa Writers' Workshop at the University of Iowa and studied under authors Tobias Wolff and Marilynne Robinson.

As a novelist, Craig has written "The Martini Shot", "Hot Plastic", and "Blood Father".

As a screenwriter, Craig has written the Warner Bros. picture "The Town" (based on the novel "Prince of Thieves" by Chuck Hogan) with Ben Affleck and Aaron Stockard. He adapted the screenplays for "" and "" with Danny Strong. The films were directed by Francis Lawrence.

In 2016, Craig adapted his own novel, "Blood Father", into a film of the same name directed by Jean-François Richet and released by Lions Gate Entertainment. In 2018, Craig adapted the novel "Horse Soldiers", Doug Stanton's nonfiction account of the war in Afghanistan, into the film "12 Strong", produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. Also with producer Jerry Bruckheimer, Craig wrote "Bad Boys for Life" (with Chris Bremner and Joe Carnahan) and "," the original screenplay for which Craig wrote with Justin Marks, set for release in the summer of 2020.

Craig has been nominated for a Writers Guild of America Award and a Critics' Choice Movie Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Craig has been divorced twice: first from the "Los Angeles Times" food writer Amy Scattergood, and then from actress Jennifer DeFrancisco. He has two daughters with Scattergood, while he has one son with DeFrancisco.

Feature films


</doc>
<doc id="3164979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3164979" title="Josh Hutcherson">
Josh Hutcherson

Joshua Ryan Hutcherson (born October 12, 1992) is an American actor and producer. Hutcherson began his acting career in the early 2000s and appeared in several commercials and minor film and television roles before landing his first major role in 2002 in the pilot episode of "House Blend". His first film role was in "Miracle Dogs" (2003) on Animal Planet, followed by a motion-capture performance in "The Polar Express" (2004) and a voice-acting role in "Howl's Moving Castle" (2005).

Hutcherson's other early film appearances include "Little Manhattan" and "" (both 2005), "RV" (2006), "Bridge to Terabithia" (2007), "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (2008), and "The Kids Are All Right" (2010). In 2011, he landed the leading role of Peeta Mellark in the box office record-setting film series "The Hunger Games", released annually from 2012 to 2015, for which he won three MTV Movie Awards and a People's Choice Award. During the same period he also played a lead role in "" (2012) and a voice role in the animated film "Epic" (2013).

Throughout his career, Hutcherson has expressed an interest in directing and producing. He has served as an executive producer in "Detention" (2011), "The Forger" (2012) and "" (2015), while also playing a lead role in each film. He is also heavily involved in the gay–straight alliance chapter called "Straight But Not Narrow".

Born in Union, Kentucky on October 12, 1992, Hutcherson is the elder son of Michelle (née Fightmaster), a former Delta Air Lines employee who now assists with Josh's career, and Chris Hutcherson, an analyst for the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). His parents, who were also born and raised in Kentucky, met in high school in Dry Ridge. He has one younger brother, Connor.

Hutcherson's interest in acting developed as a child despite his parents' concerns about the profession. According to the actor himself, he had "loved the entertainment industry" from the age of four. His father said that his son was compelled to perform for people from a very young age, possessing a personality that attracted people's attention. His mother said that he "bugged us so much" into becoming an actor, but believed it was a phase he was going through and would grow out of. Aged eight, Hutcherson went through the yellow pages and contacted an acting agency. In January 2002, he and his mother met acting coach Bob Luke, who travelled from New York City to Kentucky to meet them. Luke advised them to go to Los Angeles and begin auditioning Hutcherson for TV pilots. At the time, his only acting experience had been in a Kroger television commercial and a Vacation Bible School training film. For three years, Hutcherson and his mother lived in Los Angeles' Oakwood apartments, a housing community that accommodates young child actors and their families.

Most of Hutcherson's childhood was spent on film sets rather than in a classroom. He attended New Haven Elementary School in Union until he began his career at the age of nine, after which he began homeschooling, with his mother as his teacher. He later returned to Kentucky to attend Ryle High School for one semester. Hutcherson played on the high school's soccer team and has been a keen sports enthusiast since, also displaying a passion for football and tennis. At the age of 13, he participated in a triathlon. He later said of his schooling experiences, "I know it's something kids have to deal with every single day but getting up at the same time every day and having to listen to teachers talk about things I could learn so much more easily on my own, I hated it."

After moving to Hollywood in 2002, Hutcherson appeared in various television commercials. He landed his first major acting role as Nicky Harper in the 2002 pilot episode of "House Blend", followed by minor roles in an episode of "ER" and the pilot episode of "Becoming Glen". The following year, he played leading role Charlie Logan in the television film "Miracle Dogs", which was released on Animal Planet. The film, Hutcherson's first, received a 79 percent approval rating on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes. Later that year, he starred opposite Peter Falk and Tim Daly in the television film, "Wilder Days", playing Falk's grandson who accompanies him on a turbulent road trip. Daly was impressed with the young Hutcherson, remarking, "He's an exceptional kid. He's a really good actor, and he's very smart and confident in himself." Hutcherson's next role was as a boy dressed as Robin in his first feature film appearance, the well-reviewed independent film "American Splendor", which won the grand jury prize at the Sundance Film Festival. His character in 2004's fantasy film "The Polar Express", young Hero Boy, was created by motion-capture of his facial expressions and body movements. The film starred Tom Hanks in the lead role and received mixed reviews from critics. In the animated fantasy film "Howl's Moving Castle", he voiced the character of Markl, working alongside two other lead characters Christian Bale and Billy Crystal. All of his dialogue for the film was recorded in about eight consecutive hours.
In 2005, Hutcherson appeared in several Hollywood films while trying to establish himself in the industry. He portrayed the minor role of Bucky Weston in the comedy "Kicking & Screaming". In 2005's "Little Manhattan", he had a lead role alongside his younger brother, Connor. Stella Papamichael of the BBC approved of his performance, saying that "Hutcherson's delivery is spot-on, showing a keen instinct for self-effacing humor that would make even Woody Allen feel that bit more inadequate", but "Variety" columnist Brian Lowry felt that Hutcherson "might have looked cute on the page, but even with his Linus voice the language and tone [didn't] feel natural." He next appeared in a lead role in Jon Favreau's "", which he enjoyed filming owing to the number of special effects and stunts he was involved with. Hutcherson received the Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a Feature Film by a Leading Young Actor" for the film.

Hutcherson's next appearance was in the comedy "RV" in early 2006, playing the son of Robin Williams's character Bob Munro. He professed finding it difficult to concentrate during the production because he was "constantly laughing" at co-star Williams. The film was not received favorably by critics and audiences; "Variety" said the film suffered from "blunt predictability and meager laughs". He received his second Young Artist Award nomination for his role, but lost to Logan Lerman in "Hoot".

Hutcherson's breakthrough role in his career as a child actor came in 2007 when he portrayed Jesse Aarons in the fantasy drama "Bridge to Terabithia". The film was shot on location in New Zealand for three and a half months. Hutcherson said of the filming: "That was an amazing experience. It doesn't get any prettier than that. There were beaches everywhere and all sorts of forests. We took little road trips everywhere and just had a lot of fun." He admitted to not having read the novel that the film is based upon before being cast. Author Ann C. Paietta describes his character of Jesse Aarons as "an introverted boy with four sisters, a financially strapped family, and a real talent for drawing" whose life is turned around when Leslie Burke (AnnaSophia Robb) arrives, with whom he creates an imaginary utopian world. Anne Hornaday of "The Washington Post" found his casting to be "a perfect fit" and commended how he portrayed the "sensitive, artistic, temperament" of his character, while Miriam Di Nunzio of the "Chicago Sun-Times" noted the chemistry between Hutcherson and Robb, referring to them as a "dynamic duo". He won his second Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a Feature Film by a Leading Young Actor" for the film. Hutcherson's next role was in "Firehouse Dog" (2007), in which he played Shane Fahey, a firefighter's son who befriends a dog. He has expressed his pleasure in working and bonding with the four different dogs who played his canine co-star. The film received mixed reviews, although critics were favorable to Hutcherson. Following the film, Carrie Rickey of "The Philadelphia Inquirer" referred to him as the "Jodie Foster of Generation Y", remarking that with "each successive film Hutcherson dives deeper into his reservoir of shame and hurt and hope, unnerving for one so young, but also unusually urgent for an actor of any age."

In 2008, he appeared in the independent crime drama "Winged Creatures" (released as "Fragments" on DVD) alongside Dakota Fanning as they portrayed two teenage friends who survive a massacre, and in "Journey to the Center of the Earth", a 3D film adaptation of the novel of the same name where he portrayed a teen who travels to Iceland with an uncle he hardly knows, played by Brendan Fraser. Over the next two years, he appeared as a boy named Steve "Leopard" Leonard who visits a freak show with his friends in the vampire fiction of the book "Cirque du Freak" and had a supporting role in the critically acclaimed "The Kids Are All Right", portraying the son of a lesbian couple, played by Annette Bening and Julianne Moore. According to Kaleem Aftab of "The Independent", his role in the film was a pivotal point in his career and one of vital importance to continuing his career into adulthood. Hutcherson expressed gratitude at being cast in the film, displaying satisfaction with the intimacy and creative freedom that independent films provide over studio films. The film won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy in 2010, and was a nominee for Best Picture at the 83rd Academy Awards. Gregory Ellwood of entertainment site HitFix stated: "Hutcherson's charismatic wit and natural instincts shine and it's arguably the first film where he proves he's more than just another sharp-looking teen actor."

On April 4, 2011, Lionsgate announced that Hutcherson had been cast as Peeta Mellark in "The Hunger Games" series, opposite Jennifer Lawrence as Katniss Everdeen. He was eager to land the role, feeling that he related to the character extremely well. In preparation for filming, he had to bleach his hair and gain 15 pounds. Lawrence, a close friend, has always spoken highly of him as an actor; in regards to his portrayal of Peeta Mellark she stated, "He's charming, he's sweet, he's down to earth, he's normal. He embodies all of it and brings it all to Peeta ... he's got all those great qualities and every single one of them comes across in every line he says out loud as Peeta." He became known for his pranks on set, leading to an accident as he was play-fighting with Lawrence who kicked him in the head, unintentionally knocking him unconscious and giving him a concussion. The initial film, "The Hunger Games", was released on March 23, 2012, and went on to become one of the highest-grossing films of the year. Hutcherson received the MTV Movie Award for "Best Male Performance". He was also awarded the 2012 NewNowNext award for "Next Mega Star" and the National Association of Theatre Owners's 2012 CinemaCon award for "Breakthrough Performer of the Year". Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" described the actor's portrayal saying, "[Hutcherson] brings humor and a bruised heart to a boy who needs to mature fast."

Between landing the role in "The Hunger Games" and the film's release, he played a lead role and served as an executive producer for two films: "Detention" (2011) and "The Forger" (2012). In "Detention", he played the role of popular teenager Clapton Davis in a film the plot of which has been compared to 1985's "The Breakfast Club". His role in "The Forger" was as a 15-year-old orphan who finds himself in trouble until Alfred Molina's character comes to his aid. The film was not well received but the actors' chemistry together and their performance was. He next reprised his role as Sean Anderson in the 2012 "Journey to the Center of the Earth" sequel, "". Hutcherson has always been vocal about his desire to work on films of all sorts of genres. Regarding the switch from comedy-drama "The Kids Are All Right" to the "Journey" sequel, he stated: "For me, I like to do all different types of films and to go from having that awesome [indie] kind of thing that I love doing so much with great characters and a really great script to a bigger kind of studio film, to just cover the whole kind of spectrum of movies is really, really cool." Although the film was largely panned, it fared well commercially and his performance was well received, with Kofi Outlaw of Screenrant.com appreciating how he "does a good job holding the screen and portraying a somewhat layered protagonist". Later in 2012, he appeared in "Red Dawn", a remake of the 1984 film of the same name. The film was panned by critics, achieving only a 12 percent approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, the lowest score of any film Hutcherson has acted in.

In 2013, Hutcherson voiced the character Nod in the animated action-adventure 3D film "Epic", loosely based on William Joyce's book, "The Leaf Men and the Brave Good Bugs"; the film is his most commercially successful except for "The Hunger Games" series. As filming approached for "The Hunger Games" sequel, "", he enlisted celebrity trainer Bobby Strom to assist him in five hour-long workouts per week. The film brought in $420 million at the North American box office, making it his most commercially successful film. Todd Gilchrist of Indiewire proclaimed of the actor's performance that "Hutcherson's maturing talents achieve a parallelism with the character's self-actualization, proving subtler and more self-aware with every resigned decision he makes on behalf of the people around him that he loves." Hutcherson received his second MTV Movie Award for "Best Male Performance" for his role in the sequel.

On November 23, 2013, the day following "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire"s United States release, Hutcherson hosted an episode of "Saturday Night Live". His performance received mediocre reviews, with Mike Ryan of "The Huffington Post" stating that he did not really bring "anything special to the table except having a nice attitude", and John Surico of "GQ" remarking that "while the night didn't necessarily disappoint, it also didn't dazzle".

Hutcherson again reprised his role in the two feature-length parts of the "Mockingjay" film adaptation. "" was released on November 21, 2014, and "" followed on November 20, 2015. His character goes through a significant personality change in the films, which provided him with an acting challenge; he said, "I'm nervous about portraying it because I've never gone crazy before in a movie." Emily Yahr of "The Washington Post" spoke positively of his acting, by saying "Peeta's crazed expression is sure to haunt our nightmares for a long time," while David Edelstein of "New York" criticized his portrayal in relation to scenes with the other characters, saying "at least Josh Hutcherson's captured Peeta is mostly seen in interviews with Stanley Tucci's camp talk-show host on TV screens ... so the actor can't bring his lack of urgency to scenes with [Jennifer Lawrence]."

Before filming the "Mockingjay" movies, Hutcherson filmed "", a French-Spanish thriller, which was released on January 16, 2015, in the U.S. He also served as an executive producer for the film, alongside first-time director Andrea Di Stefano, assisting with casting and blocking shots. Hutcherson said the opportunity "made [him] so hungry to do more like that". In November 2017, Hutcherson began starring in the science fiction comedy series "Future Man" on the video on demand service Hulu.

Hutcherson has cited actor Jake Gyllenhaal as an inspiration, admiring the way Gyllenhaal "has taken his career and the kind of jobs that he's taken". He has named actor, director, and producer Philip Seymour Hoffman as another of his inspirations.

Hutcherson currently lives in Los Angeles, California. In May 2012, he purchased the $2.5 million former house of Heath Ledger in Laurel Canyon in the Hollywood Hills, a small ranch built in 1951. He professes that his fame has not changed him as a person, stating, "I love my job more than anything in the world and I could never imagine doing anything else. So this whole thing is a very small price to pay compared to someone who has to go to an office to work."

As a known ally to the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender) community, Hutcherson advocates the gay–straight alliance campaign "Straight But Not Narrow". Since its formation, he has been its most active supporter. His involvement with the LGBT community stems from his family ties; two of his uncles who were gay died of AIDS-related illnesses. In April 2012, he became the youngest recipient of the Vanguard Award from GLAAD, given for promoting equal rights for LGBT people. He was also awarded with Young Humanitarian Award at the 2015 award ceremony. Regarding his own sexuality, he considers himself to be "mostly straight" and does not believe in being limited by labels. Hutcherson also worked alongside The Trevor Project and human-I-T in 2014 when he began his campaign "Power On", which serves to help young LGBT people from rural areas to form communities by donating old computers and cell phones to LGBT resource centers; he began the campaign by donating an old computer of his own. Annually from 2012 through 2014, he has hosted the "Josh Hutcherson Celebrity Basketball Game" in Los Angeles, which raises funds and awareness for the "Straight But Not Narrow" campaign. In November 2013, Hutcherson and Queen Latifah presented trophies together to four young community volunteers in a live ceremony at the fifth annual TeenNick HALO Awards at the Hollywood Palladium.

Hutcherson endorsed and actively campaigned for Senator Bernie Sanders for President in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.

During the first stage of Hutcherson's acting career, he received eight Young Artist Award nominations, four of which he won. He and the cast of 2010's "The Kids Are All Right" received eight nominations for "Best Cast" or "Best Ensemble" by eight different organizations including SAG-AFTRA and Broadcast Film Critics Association. For "The Hunger Games", Hutcherson and his co-stars were nominated for ten awards, winning eight of them, including National Association of Theatre Owners' 2012 "Breakthrough Performer of the Year" and Logo TV's 2012 "Next Mega Star".

Hutcherson holds the commission of a Colonel of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.




</doc>
<doc id="3167465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3167465" title="Chris Owen (actor)">
Chris Owen (actor)

Chris Owen (born September 25, 1980) is an American actor and photographer. He is best known for his role as Chuck Sherman, a.k.a.The Sherminator in the "American Pie film franchise", appearing in "American Pie", "American Pie 2", "" and "American Reunion". Aside from Eugene Levy, he is the only actor from the theatrical features to appear in the ""American Pie Presents:"" direct-to-video spin-off movies.

Owen was born in Michigan but moved to California with his family as a young child. Chris also lived in Parkhead, Edinburgh where he later attended Stevenson College. 

Owen began acting as early as age 10, with his first recorded film credit in "Le peloton d'exécution" (1991), a French-Canadian film. After that, he appeared in numerous films of the '90s, like "Major Payne", "Black Sheep", "Can't Hardly Wait", "She's All That", "October Sky", and the 1995 film "Angus", the first of five films with longtime friend and collaborator Charlie Talbert.

In 1999, Owen appeared in the hit comedy film "American Pie" as Chuck Sherman, a teenager that boasts himself of being a "ladies man" and goes by "The Sherminator". Owen reprised his role in all of the sequels of the "American Pie film franchise", including one of the straight-to-DVD spin-offs called "".

Along with his appearances in the "American Pie" and "National Lampoon" film franchises, Owen has appeared in TV shows like "7th Heaven", "Monk", and "The Mentalist".

In 2014, a "New York Daily News" article reported Owen was working as a waiter at a sushi restaurant in Santa Monica, California. In the article, Owen says that "life doesn’t always go the way you planned. I love acting and this job lets me stay in the fight." After that article was published, he appeared in two films in addition of a role on "Criminal Minds".

During his career, Owen also appeared in the music videos of Something Corporate's song "If You C Jordan" and Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike's hit single "Mammoth" with Moguai, remixed by Hardstyle superstar Coone.

Owen was married to Michelle Beck from 2007 to 2012.


</doc>
<doc id="3167778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3167778" title="Creed Bratton">
Creed Bratton

Creed Bratton (born William Charles Schneider; February 8, 1943) is an American actor, singer, and musician. He is a former member of the rock band The Grass Roots, and is best known for playing a fictionalized version of himself on the NBC sitcom "The Office", which earned him a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.

Bratton was born William Charles Schneider in Los Angeles, and grew up in Coarsegold, California, a small town near Yosemite National Park. Bratton's father died when he was two years old after an airplane on which Bratton's father was working exploded while he was stationed in Hawaii. His grandparents, mother and father were musicians, and he took a liking to music at a very early age. At 13, he ordered his first guitar from a Sears mail order catalog. He became a professional musician during his high school and college years.

He decided to try life as a traveling musician and made his way on a global excursion, during which he changed his name to Creed Bratton. He traveled through Europe, Africa and the Middle East. He played guitar at a large folk festival in Israel, appearing with his group The Young Californians. Fellow American and guitarist Warren Entner witnessed Bratton's performance and asked him to give him a call when he got back to the United States. In 1966, they formed a partnership and recruited the remaining members needed for their group, the 13th Floor. Bratton played lead guitar, Rick Coonce played drums, Entner played rhythm guitar, and Kenny Fukomoto played bass. The Young Californians recorded a demo and sent it to Dunhill, a new record company headed by Lou Adler. 

Producers/songwriters P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri heard the demo and liked it. They needed new band members for a folk rock group that they had created in 1965. The 13th Floor lost its bass player to the draft during this time, and quickly recruited Rob Grill, changing its name to The Grass Roots for prior name recognition. The group went straight to the top 10 with the song "Let's Live for Today" in 1967. The group continued in its hit-making vein and toured the United States. Iconic hit songs such as "Midnight Confessions" cemented the group's standing as major contributors to the rock music scene.

The Grass Roots had top songwriters offering their best songs to them and wrote many songs themselves. On its major songs, music on the recordings was played by LA studio musicians known as The Wrecking Crew. Bratton co-wrote the songs "Beatin' Round the Bush", "No Exit", and "Hot Bright Lights", and self-composed "Dinner for Eight" and "House of Stone". He sang lead vocals on "This Precious Time" and "Dinner for Eight". Bratton played with the group on its albums "Let's Live for Today", "Feelings", "Golden Grass" (a compilation), and "Lovin' Things". Three of the albums charted, and "Golden Grass" received a gold record certification. He took part in ten of the group's singles, eight of which charted; "Midnight Confessions" received a gold record certification.

The Grass Roots played at the Fantasy Fair and Magic Mountain Music Festival on Sunday, June 11, 1967 during the "Summer of Love" as their top ten hit "Let's Live for Today" was hitting the airwaves. This music festival occurred before the Monterey Pop Festival, but did not have a movie to document it for the ages (see List of electronic music festivals). On Sunday, October 27, 1968, the group played at the San Francisco Pop Festival and then played at the Los Angeles Pop Festival and Miami Pop Festival in December of that year as top ten hit "Midnight Confessions" was hitting the airwaves.

In April 1969, Bratton became frustrated by Dunhill's refusal to allow the band to write its own songs and play the instruments on its records (although the members did play alone at concerts). After a disastrous appearance at the Fillmore West in April 1969, Bratton was asked to leave the band.

In 2001 and 2002, Bratton released three albums showcasing his solo recordings since the 1960s with the assistance of Peter White. In 2007, he presented an induction award to The Wrecking Crew at the Musicians' Hall of Fame. In 2008, he released another album of new music with producer Jon Tiven. In 2010, Bratton released another new album titled "Bounce Back" with producer Dave Way. In 2011, Bratton released an album of greatest hits from his first three solo albums titled "Demo". In 2010 & 2012, Bratton performed live at the SXSW festival. In 2013, Bratton released an original work in three acts, as an audio biography, titled 'Tell Me About It'. Songs ranged from recently written to pieces he had written decades ago. Bratton cites that he listens to lots of jazz and classical music.

On January 18, 2014, Bratton joined his friend Zachary Scot Johnson for a duet for the 500th consecutive day of thesongadayproject on YouTube. The video was recorded in Bratton's home and has received over 300,000 views.

Bratton began to pursue an acting career in 1979. He has appeared in films such as "Mask" and "Heart Like a Wheel". He was a cast member playing a fictional version of himself on NBC's Emmy and SAG award-winning "The Office". In the episode "Booze Cruise", he speaks about his time with the Grass Roots on a deleted scene. The scene is included as a bonus feature on the DVD release.

In 2008, he appeared in a short film with Kyle Gass titled "Just One Of The Gynos", which won an award for best short film at the 2008 Malibu International Film Festival. He appeared in the feature film "Labor Pains" in 2009. His recent film projects are "The Ghastly Love of Johnny X", written, produced and directed by Paul Bunnell; "I Am Ben", written, produced and directed by Mathew Brady and Gaelan Connell; and "Terri" produced by David Guy Levy. "Terri" was selected by the Sundance Film Festival 2011 to appear in the US dramatic competition. It was one of only 16 films selected from 1,102 submissions to the US dramatic category. In 2012, he appeared as special guest star in "Staged" with Brandon Olive who appeared with him in "Just One Of The Gynos". In 2013, he starred in "Saving Lincoln," a biography set during the American Civil War.

 - Gold Record - RIAA Certificati.

+ - Composed by Lucio Battis.

 - Gold Record - RIAA Certificati.



</doc>
<doc id="3170289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3170289" title="Karen Dior">
Karen Dior

Karen Dior (February 14, 1967 – August 25, 2004) is a stage name of Geoffrey Gann, also known as Geoffrey Karen Dior. Gann used this name when he performed in drag as Karen Dior. He performed both in and out of drag as a pornographic and mainstream performer, film director, singer and writer. He also had a drag persona that he cultivated to appear completely androgynous, or equal parts male and female, which image appeared on the cover of his Sex CD Gann was bisexual, and though he enjoyed performing in drag, identified as male, and not transsexual or transgender. Because he was so convincing in drag, many people assumed that he must be transgender.

Karen Dior was born Geoffrey Gann in Missouri; He was adopted as an infant into a Southern Baptist family, and was raised in that religious tradition. Gann moved to Los Angeles at the age of 21 and began working in a beauty salon and performing in drag shows in West Hollywood bars. In 1989, he began appearing in bisexual and transgender adult films. He performed in approximately 120 adult films, most of them under the Dior name. He also performed under the names Geoff Dior, Rick Van, Geoffrey Karen Dior, Geoffrey Gann, and Geoff Gann.

In the 1990s, Dior moved into mainstream film and television roles, including a performance as Loni Anderson's stalker in the 1992 TV movie "The Price She Paid." Other work included guest appearances on the television series "", "Head Over Heels", and "Veronica's Closet".

Dior contracted HIV in 1995 and later worked as an AIDS activist. After leaving the adult film industry, Dior wrote and released "Sleeping Under the Stars", his first autobiographical work, in 2001. The same year, he released an album (under the name Geoffrey Karen Dior) titled "S E X", and he was a member of two bands, the Johnny Depp Clones and Goddess. He also received a PhD in philosophy in religion and became an ordained minister.

On August 25, 2004, Dior died of hepatitis.






</doc>
<doc id="3175239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3175239" title="Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa">
Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa

Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa (JP: 田川 洋行 "Tagawa Hiroyuki", RU: Пантелеймон Тагава "Panteleymon Tagawa"; born September 27, 1950) is a Japanese–American actor, film producer, martial artist, and physiologist. 

His roles have also included the eunuch Chang in "The Last Emperor", the voice of Sin Tzu for the video game "", the evil soul-stealing sorcerer Shang Tsung in a film adaptation of the video game "Mortal Kombat" (a role he would reprise 18 years later for "" and 24 years later in "Mortal Kombat 11") and the evil mastermind Heihachi Mishima in the film adaptation of "Tekken". He portrays Nobusuke Tagomi in "The Man in the High Castle", the Amazon original series adaptation of the novel by Philip K. Dick, in season one, two and three.

Tagawa was born in Tokyo, Japan, the son of a Japanese actress and a Japanese-American father who served in the United States Army and was stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Fort Polk, Louisiana and Fort Hood, Texas.

Tagawa was raised in various cities. He and his family finally settled in Southern California, where he began acting in high school while attending Duarte High School. He began training in Kendo while in Junior High, and later studied Shotokan karate. He attended the University of Southern California and was an exchange student in Japan, where he continued to study karate under Masatoshi Nakayama.

After graduating from USC, he worked for several years as a sports physiologist and massage therapist for the University of Hawaii football team.

Tagawa began acting in the mid-1980s, appearing in uncredited action roles in "Big Trouble in Little China" (1986) and "Bulletproof" (1987). He had a more substantial role in the Fred Olen Ray B-movie "Armed Response," as a supporting villain opposite Mako Iwamatsu. His breakthrough as an actor came when he was cast as Chang, a loyal eunuch to Emperor Puyi, in the Academy Award-winning film "The Last Emperor" (1987). 

In 1989, he played an undercover agent of the Hong Kong Narcotics Board in the James Bond film "Licence to Kill". In 1991, he starred alongside Dolph Lundgren and Brandon Lee in the action film "Showdown in Little Tokyo", where he played the role of Yakuza boss Yoshida. He also starred alongside James Hong and Jeff Speakman in the same year in the film "The Perfect Weapon", where he played Kai, an assistant to the Korean mafia families.

He appeared in the movie "Mortal Kombat" (1995) as the sorcerer Shang Tsung; he would later reprise the role in the web series "" in 2013, and in the video game "Mortal Kombat 11" in 2019. He also appeared as the deadly pirate leader Kabai Sengh in "The Phantom" (1996). Tagawa is among the actors, producers and directors interviewed in the documentary "The Slanted Screen" (2006), directed by Jeff Adachi, about the representation of Asian and Asian-American men in Hollywood.

Tagawa played Heihachi Mishima in "Tekken", the film adaptation of the video game franchise. In 2006, he provided the voice of Brushogun in "". He was in the film "Johnny Tsunami" (1999) and its sequel "" (2007). In between those two films, Tagawa played Attar's mentor Krull in Tim Burton's version of "Planet of the Apes" (2001).

Tagawa reprised his role as Shang Tsung for the second season of the YouTube series "". This new version of the character was unrelated to Tagawa's previous work as Tsung.

He played Satoshi Takeda in "Revenge", a powerful CEO in Japan and Emily Thorne's former mentor in her quest for revenge. In season 2, Tagawa took over the role from Hiroyuki Sanada, who was unable to continue due to scheduling conflicts.

Tagawa also plays the role of Shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi in the film"47 Ronin".

In 2015, Tagawa was cast as one of the lead characters, Nobusuke Tagomi, the Trade Minister of the Pacific States of America in Amazon's "The Man in the High Castle" based on Philip K. Dick's novel of the same name. Also in November 2015, both he and Taimak ("The Last Dragon") were honorees for the Fists of Legends Legacy Award at the Urban Action Showcase & Expo.

In 2013, Tagawa started working with Orthodox Christian actors Pyotr Mamonov and Ivan Okhlobystin. On November 12, 2015, he was baptized as Panteleymon in the Russian Orthodox Joy of All Who Sorrow church in Moscow. In 2016, he also acquired Russian citizenship.

Tagawa's mother tongues are English and Japanese but he also speaks some Korean, Spanish, and Hawaiian.


</doc>
<doc id="3178894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3178894" title="Douglas Barr">
Douglas Barr

Douglas Barr (born May 1, 1949), also credited as Doug Barr, is an American actor, writer, and director. He has starred in movies and on television.

Barr was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. His big role came in the ABC TV series "The Fall Guy" as Howie Munson from 1981 to 1986. Barr then made some guest appearances on series such as "Fantasy Island", "The Love Boat", "Hotel" and "Murder, She Wrote". His other well-known role was in the short-lived CBS TV series "The Wizard" as Alex Jagger from 1986 to 1987, and he later starred as Bill Stillfield in the hit CBS series "Designing Women" from 1988 to 1991.

His first feature film he starred in was the horror movie "Deadly Blessing" (1981), and he also starred in "The Unseen", another horror movie released the same year. Barr's most recent role was in the erotic film "Temptation" (1994), and he has since gone on to direct numerous TV movies.

In 1998, Barr started Hollywood and Vine Cellars, a small, high-end wine producer in Napa Valley.



</doc>
<doc id="3179910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3179910" title="Mike Starr (actor)">
Mike Starr (actor)

Michael Starr (born July 29, 1950) is an American character actor. He is notable for his large size, standing 6 ft 3 in (192 cm) tall, and has usually been typecast as a thug or henchman.

Michael Starr was born in Flushing, New York, the son of a retail employee mother and a meatpacker father. He is of Irish and Polish descent. He graduated from Hofstra University. His older brother Beau Starr is also an actor.

Starr has featured in notable films such as "Goodfellas", "The Bodyguard", "Ed Wood", "Miller's Crossing", "Jersey Girl", "Dumb and Dumber", "The Last Dragon" and "The Ice Harvest".


</doc>
<doc id="3181337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3181337" title="Lawrence Dobkin">
Lawrence Dobkin

Lawrence "Larry" Dobkin (September 16, 1919 – October 28, 2002) was an American television director, character actor and screenwriter whose career spanned seven decades.

Dobkin was a prolific performer during the Golden Age of Radio. His voice was used to narrate the classic western "Broken Arrow" (1950). His film performances include "Never Fear" (1949), "Sweet Smell of Success" (1957) and "North by Northwest" (1959). He announced the landmark television series "Naked City" (1958–1963), closing each episode with the statement, "There are eight million stories in the naked city, and this has been one of them."

Dobkin was born in New York City.

A former child actor, Dobkin began working in radio to pay for his studies at the Yale University School of Drama. He understudied on Broadway before serving with a radio propaganda unit of the United States Army Air Corps during World War II. When he returned to network radio he was one of five actors who played the detective Ellery Queen in "The Adventures of Ellery Queen". In "The New Adventures of Nero Wolfe" (1950–1951), Dobkin played detective Archie Goodwin opposite Sydney Greenstreet's Nero Wolfe.

While playing Louie, The Saint's cab-driving sidekick on NBC Radio in 1951, he was asked to step into the lead role of Simon Templar to replace Tom Conway for a single episode — making Dobkin one of the few actors to portray Leslie Charteris' literary creation.

His other radio work included "Escape" (1947–1954), "Gunsmoke" (1952–1961), "Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar" (1956–1960), and the anthology series "Lux Radio Theater". "The few of us who are left," Dobkin said of his radio days not long before he died, "keep telling each other that we never had it so good."

He was also Lieutenant Matthews on "The Adventures of Philip Marlowe", along with several other characters.

Continuing to work as a voice actor throughout his career, Dobkin contributed to the video game "" (1999).

Dobkin began a prolific career in television in 1946, having worked as an actor, narrator and director. In 1953, he guest-starred on Alan Hale, Jr.'s short-lived CBS espionage series set in the Cold War, "Biff Baker, U.S.A.". He was cast in an episode of the early syndicated series "The Silent Service", based on true stories of the submarine section of the United States Navy. He appeared also in the religion anthology series, "Crossroads", based on experiences of American clergymen, and later on the ABC religion drama, "Going My Way", starring Gene Kelly.

In the 1957-1958 television season, Dobkin played a director on the CBS sitcom, "Mr. Adams and Eve", starring Howard Duff and Ida Lupino as fictitious married actors residing in Beverly Hills, California. He guest-starred in 1958 in the first season of ABC's "The Donna Reed Show".

In 1957, Dobkin appeared in the third episode of the first season of the TV western "Have Gun – Will Travel", entitled “The Great Mohave Chase”, as the owner of water rights in the small western town of Mohave.

In a May 1958 episode of the television series entitled "Trackdown", he starred as a con man named Trump who promised he would save a town from destruction by building a wall. In recent times, the video clip of this series have gone viral due to its resemblance to real life Trump with his controversial policy.

In 1960, Dobkin appeared as Kurt Reynolds in the episode "So Dim the Light" of the CBS anthology series "The DuPont Show with June Allyson", and as an escape artist on the run from a possible murder charge in "". He appeared in the David Janssen crime drama series, "Richard Diamond, Private Detective". Dobkin appeared in four episodes of "The Rifleman" playing four different characters, including a heartfelt portrayal of General Philip Sheridan from the American Civil War.

Often also cast as a villain, Dobkin portrayed gangster Dutch Schultz on ABC's "The Untouchables". He appeared on the ABC/Warner Brothers crime drama, "The Roaring 20s" and in the NBC western with a modern setting, "Empire". He was cast as a mass murderer in the 1972 pilot for ABC's "The Streets of San Francisco", starring Karl Malden. He guest-starred on ABC's "The Big Valley", starring Barbara Stanwyck. He received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Drama for his work in the "CBS Playhouse" program, "Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night" (1967). In 1991, Dobkin appeared in an episode of the television series "Night Court" as State Supreme Court Justice Welch.

As a writer, Dobkin created the title character for the 1974 film and the 1977–1978 NBC series "The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams". He began directing for television in 1960, and his work in this area included the pilot and episodes of "The Munsters" (1964), 16 episodes of "The Waltons" (1972–1981), and an episode of "Sara" (1976).

Dobkin also appeared in several episodes of "I Love Lucy": ("Ricky and Fred Are TV Fans", "Equal Rights", and "Paris at Last".)

Dobkin's notable supporting film roles include "Twelve O'Clock High" (1949), "The Day the Earth Stood Still" (1951), "Julius Caesar" (1953), "The Ten Commandments" (1956), "The Defiant Ones" (1958), "Johnny Yuma" (1966) and "Patton" (1970). He had a cameo appearance in the 1954 sci-fi thriller "Them". In an uncredited performance in Alfred Hitchcock's "North by Northwest", Dobkin has a memorable line as an intelligence official who remarks on the plight of the hapless protagonist, on the run for murder after being mistaken for a person who doesn't exist: "It's so horribly sad. Why is it I feel like laughing?" 

He was believed to be narrator at the 1964 New York World's Fair during the Skydome Spectacular presented after the Carousel of Progress.

From 1971 to 1993, Dobkin served as the narrator of The Hall of Presidents show, returning to re-record the presidential roll call each time a new U.S. President was elected.

From 1982 to 1986, the EPCOT Center attraction Spaceship Earth featured Dobkin as the narrator along with a very simple and quiet orchestral composition throughout the attraction. Disney Imagineer Marty Sklar did an interview saying that he didn't understand why everyone said the narrator was Vic Perrin.

On June 24, 1962, Dobkin married actress Joanna Barnes; they had no children, but he had one daughter, Debra Dobkin, by his first wife, Frances Hope Walker. Dobkin married actress Anne Collings in 1970 and had three children: identical twin daughters, Kristy and Kaela, and a son named Laird.

On October 28, 2002, Dobkin died of heart failure at his home in Los Angeles. He was 83 years old. His ashes were cast into the Pacific Ocean. 




</doc>
<doc id="3181552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3181552" title="Stephen Colletti">
Stephen Colletti

Stephen Colletti (born February 7, 1986) is an American actor and television personality. He portrayed Chase Adams on The CW drama series "One Tree Hill". and appeared for two seasons on the MTV reality television series "".

Colletti was born in Newport Beach, California, the youngest child of Lorilee (née Goodall) and Bruce Colletti. Colletti has an older brother John, and an older sister Lauren. As a teen, Stephen attended Laguna Beach High School in Laguna Beach, California. He attended San Francisco State University.

In 2004, MTV commissioned a planned reality television series "" which followed the lives of wealthy teens and Colletti was asked to appear on the show. The series premiered in September 2004. Colletti returned for the second season with the remainder of the cast from the first season. In 2006, the "New York Times" described his role in the series as "still fighting to acquire some charm to animate his idol looks". Colletti did not return for the show's third season.

Upon graduating high school, he attended San Francisco State University for a year before returning to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career. In 2007 Colletti appeared as himself in an episode of another MTV Reality Television series "The Hills". Colletti had a temporary stint as an MTV VJ for MTV's "Total Request Live".

In February 2009 Colletti portrayed the role of the love interest in the music video "White Horse" by Taylor Swift. Swift says that he was selected for the role because "the guy in the video is supposed to look really sweet and someone who just looks like he would never lie to you."

In January 2007, it was announced that Colletti was cast in a major recurring role during the fourth season of The CW teen drama series "One Tree Hill". Colletti portrayed the role of Chase Adams, a high school student who plans to save himself until marriage. Over the course of the following seasons Colletti maintained a major recurring role. In November 2010, Colletti was confirmed to have been upgraded as a core series regular for the series eighth season. In May 2011, The CW renewed the series for its ninth and final season, during which Colletti maintained his regular status. The series finale "One Tree Hill" aired on April 4, 2012.

Colletti and fellow One Tree Hill castmate James Lafferty worked on the first season of an original comedy called "Everyone is Doing Great". In August 2018 Colletti and Lafferty reached a crowdfunding campaign goal to fund their first season. In the show, Colletti played the role of Seth Stewart, and served as a writer and producer.



</doc>
<doc id="3182065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3182065" title="Holmes Osborne">
Holmes Osborne

Holmes Osborne (born November 7, 1947) is an American actor, best known for starring in Richard Kelly's films "Donnie Darko" (2001), "Southland Tales" (2007), and "The Box" (2009). He has also starred in "That Thing You Do!" (1996), "Affliction" (1997), "Bring It On" (2000), "Cheaper by the Dozen" (2003), and "Larry Crowne" (2011).

In 1996, Osborne played the father of Tom Everett Scott's character in the musical comedy-drama film "That Thing You Do!". In 1999, he guest starred, along with Lance Henriksen (reprising his role as Frank Black), in an episode of "The X-Files" as a necromancer for the Millennium Group. In 2000, he starred as Kirsten Dunst's father in the teen comedy "Bring It On".

Osborne then starred as Eddie Darko, the main character's father, in the science fiction drama film "Donnie Darko" (2001). He then appeared in the family comedy "Cheaper by the Dozen" (2003). The following year, he co-starred in the comedy film "". In 2006, Osborne starred as the main villain in the Disney film "Air Buddies". In 2007, he reunited with "Donnie Darko" director Richard Kelly on the dramedy thriller film "Southland Tales", and again in 2009 on the psychological thriller film "The Box". Also in 2009, he co-starred in the comedy film "All About Steve". 

In 2011, he has a supporting role in the Tom Hanks film "Larry Crowne". He has made appearances on television series such as "House M. D.", "Cold Case", "", "Rules of Engagement", "Dharma & Greg", and had a recurring role on the ABC science fiction series "Invasion".


</doc>
<doc id="3182556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3182556" title="Roger Smith (actor)">
Roger Smith (actor)

Roger LaVerne Smith (December 18, 1932 – June 4, 2017) was an American television and film actor, producer and screenwriter. He starred in the television detective series "77 Sunset Strip" and in the comedy series "Mister Roberts". Smith went on to manage the career of Ann-Margret, his wife of 50 years.

Smith was born in South Gate, California, the son of Leone Irene (Adams) and Dallas L. Smith. When he was six, his parents enrolled him into a stage school, where he took singing, dancing and elocution lessons. He grew up in Nogales, Arizona where his family moved when he was 12. He was educated at the University of Arizona at Tucson on a football scholarship. He won several amateur talent prizes as a singer and guitarist.

Smith served with the Naval Reserve and was stationed in Hawaii with the Fleet All-Weather Training Unit-Pacific, a flight training unit near Honolulu. After a chance meeting with actor James Cagney, he was encouraged to try a career in Hollywood. (Cagney had also encouraged other young actors, including Don Dubbins, for whom he found roles in two 1956 films.) He would later play Cagney's character's son in "Man of a Thousand Faces".
Smith signed with Columbia Pictures in 1957 and made several films, then moved to Warner Bros. in 1958. On April 16, 1958, Smith appeared with Charles Bickford in "The Daniel Barrister Story" on NBC's "Wagon Train". His greatest film exposure was the role of the adult Patrick Dennis in "Auntie Mame", with Rosalind Russell.

His signature television role was private detective Jeff Spencer in "77 Sunset Strip". Smith appeared in 74 episodes of the Warner Bros. series. Due to his popularity on the show, Warner Bros. released one L.P. Album by Smith titled, "Beach Romance" on Warner Bros. Records WS 1305, in June 1959. He left the popular ABC program in 1962 because of a blood clot in his brain. He recovered from this post-surgery.

Before he obtained a role in another television series, Smith said he had to "fight my way back from a point where I had almost decided to give up acting." He then starred as Lt. Douglas Roberts in "Mister Roberts", a comedy-drama series on NBC-TV in 1965–1966.

He produced two films with Allan Carr, "The First Time" (1969) and "C.C. and Company" (1970), which he also wrote.

His health declined and in 1980, according to wife Ann-Margret, he was diagnosed with myasthenia gravis, a neuromuscular disease.

His condition went into remission in 1985. Following his retirement from performing, he managed his wife's career and produced her popular Las Vegas stage shows. In an interview with the "New York Post", Ann-Margret said that he had Parkinson's disease. He appeared rarely on television after his health deteriorated, although he participated on "This Is Your Life", when host Ralph Edwards devoted an episode to Ann-Margret. In addition to the appearances credited below, Smith appeared on several game shows.

Smith married twice. His first wife (1956–1965) was Australian-born actress Victoria Shaw with whom he had three children: daughter Tracey (b. 1957), and sons Jordan (b. 1958) and Dallas (b. 1961). Smith and Shaw divorced in 1965.

He married Ann-Margret on May 8, 1967. He became her manager, but he largely retired due to his myasthenia gravis.

Smith died at Sherman Oaks Hospital in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles on June 4, 2017, at age 84.

He is interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).


</doc>
<doc id="3186765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3186765" title="Glenn Plummer">
Glenn Plummer

Glenn E. Plummer (born August 18, 1961) is an American film and television actor.

Plummer was born in Richmond, California. He has appeared in numerous films and television series, primarily in supporting roles or small bit parts, such as High Top in "Colors." His prominent roles came in the films "Menace II Society", "Speed", "Bones", "Showgirls", "South Central", "The Day After Tomorrow", "The Salton Sea" and "Saw II". He was offered the role of Jesse in "Riding the Bus with My Sister". In 2014, he produced and was a collaborating writer of the horror thriller film "Teeth and Blood".



</doc>
<doc id="3186854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3186854" title="Lexie Bigham">
Lexie Bigham

Lexie Donnell Bigham Jr. (August 4, 1968 – December 17, 1995) was an American film and television actor. Bigham appeared in numerous independent films and television series. His prominent roles came in the films "Se7en", "Boyz n the Hood", "South Central", "Dave", "Drop Zone", "Airheads", "Up Close & Personal", the Marlon and Shawn Wayans film, "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood", and "High School High".
Bigham died in a car accident in Los Angeles on December 17, 1995 at the age of 27, shortly after filming "High School High".

He was interred at Burr Oak Cemetery.



</doc>
<doc id="3188162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3188162" title="Dick Tufeld">
Dick Tufeld

Richard Norton Tufeld (December 11, 1926 – January 22, 2012) was an American actor, announcer, narrator and voice actor from the late 1940s until the early 21st century. He was a well-known presence on television as an announcer, but his most famous role was as the voice of the Robot in the television series, "Lost in Space".

Born in Los Angeles, California, to a Russian father and a Canadian mother, he spent his childhood in Pasadena, California. Tufeld attended the Northwestern University School of Communication, then known as the university's School of Speech. In 1945, he obtained a job as an engineer at KLAC, a radio station in Los Angeles.

Tufeld's voice career began in radio. He was the announcer on ABC's "The Amazing Mr. Malone" in early 1950 (before the show moved to New York and NBC); then on Alan Reed's "Falstaff's Fables", a five-minute ABC radio program that began in the fall of 1950. From October 25, 1952 to March 19, 1955, Tufeld was the announcer for the entire run of ABC Radio's "Space Patrol".

Tufeld moved to television in 1955, working in ABC daytime programming and anchoring "The Three Star Final", a 15-minute newscast on KABC-TV, Los Angeles. It debuted on October 3, 1955 at noon (replacing "Wrangler Jim"), then moved to 11 p.m. on April 2, 1956.

Tufeld was often heard as the announcer on Disney television shows, including the 1957–1959 series "Zorro" starring future "Lost in Space" lead Guy Williams. He had periods as the house announcer on two ABC variety series, "The Hollywood Palace" and "The Julie Andrews Hour".

In 1954, he was cast in assorted roles in fifteen episodes of Gene Autry Productions's syndicated television series, "Annie Oakley", which starred Gail Davis and Brad Johnson.

Tufeld is perhaps best known as the voice of the B9 Robot in the CBS television series "Lost in Space", a role he reprised for the 1998 feature film. He also provided narrations for many other Irwin Allen productions, such as ABC's "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" and "The Time Tunnel", and did voice work for the 1978 animated television series "Fantastic Four". He narrated several episodes of "Thundarr the Barbarian" (1980). He was the main title narrator on the 1979 DePatie-Freleng series, "Spider-Woman", as well as the main title announcer on the 1981 Marvel Productions show "Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends".

Tufeld was married to Adrienne Tufeld (1948–2004, her death), and commissioned a home by architect Gregory Ain in 1952.

Tufeld died in 2012 of congestive heart failure. His son, Bruce Tufeld, was a talent agent; he died in 2019.



</doc>
<doc id="3188315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3188315" title="Judson Mills">
Judson Mills

Judson (J The Kid) Mills (born May 10, 1969) is an American actor. He is known for his performances as Texas Ranger Francis Gage in the American action drama television series" Walker, Texas Ranger" (1999–2001). Judson Mills joined the TV series in the second episode of Season 7 "In Harm's Way" together with his female partner and good friend Sydney Cooke (Nia Peeples) to back up Walker and his team. From 1991 to 1993, Judson Mills performed as Alexander "Hutch" Hutchinson on "As the World Turns". He also appeared on "The X-Files" and Disneys "Mighty Joe Young" as supporting actor. Judson also appeared on episodes on "Saving Grace" as Ham's brother.

Mills was born in Washington, D.C. on May 10, 1969, and grew up in Northern Virginia. The house that he lived in was built by George Washington. Judson's house is considered as a national landmark. 

Although Mills did not originally plan to become an actor, he later started involving himself in the theater. During his high school years he attended New Hampshire's private independent High Mowing School.

Mills has been married three times. First he was married to actress Christiaan Torrez on May 10, 1990. The couple was divorced in 1993. In 1997, he was married to Julie Mills, who gave birth to their son, Dalton Mills. Judson and Julie Mills were divorced five years later in 2002. On June 13, 2005, Judson Mills was married to Morgan Rae Mills, who then gave birth to their two sons Jagger Mills and Cash Mills. Mills's hobbies include hunting, fishing, football and Taekwondo.


</doc>
<doc id="3188411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3188411" title="Bruce Cowling">
Bruce Cowling

Bruce Cowling (October 30, 1919 – August 22, 1986) was a film and television actor in the 1940s and 1950s.

The Oklahoma-born actor appeared in twenty films including "Song of the Thin Man" (1947), "Battleground" (1949), "Ambush" (1950), "The Painted Hills" (1951), "Gun Belt" (1953) as Virgil Earp and "To Hell and Back" (1955).

He voiced several characters on the "Lone Ranger" radio show and also made several appearances in different roles on "The Loretta Young Show".



</doc>
<doc id="3188485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3188485" title="Irving Bacon">
Irving Bacon

Irving Bacon (born Irving Von Peters; September 6, 1893 – February 5, 1965) was an American character actor who appeared in almost 500 films.

Bacon was the son of entertainers Millar Bacon and Myrtle Vane. He was born in St. Joseph, Missouri, and grew up in San Diego, California.

Bacon played on the stage for a number of years before getting into films in 1912 in Mack Sennett productions. Bacon was sometimes cast in films directed by Lloyd Bacon (incorrectly named as his brother in several sources) such as "The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse" (1938). He often played comical "Average Guys". 

In the late 1930s and early 1940s, he played the weary postman in Columbia Pictures' "Blondie" film series. One of his bigger roles was as a similarly flustered postman in the thriller "Cause for Alarm!" in 1952. 

During the 1950s, Bacon worked steadily in a number of television sitcoms, most notably "I Love Lucy", in which he appeared in two episodes, one of which cast him as Ethel Mertz's father.

Bacon was married to Freda Lee Scoville, and they had a son and a daughter. In June 1930, he married Margaret Beaver, and they had a son, Frank



</doc>
<doc id="3188952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3188952" title="Marshall Thompson">
Marshall Thompson

Marshall Thompson (November 27, 1925 – May 18, 1992) was an American film and television actor.

Thompson was born James Marshall Thompson in Peoria, Illinois. He and his parents, Dr. and Mrs. Laurence B. Thompson, moved to California when he was one year old. He attended University High School where he was a classmate of Norma Jean Baker, later to be known worldwide as Marilyn Monroe. Thompson enrolled at Occidental College with plans to become a dentist, but he switched to divinity studies.

In 1943, Thompson, known for his boy-next-door good looks, was signed by Universal Pictures. He played quiet, thoughtful teens in Universal's feature films, including a lead opposite singing star Gloria Jean in "Reckless Age", earning $350 weekly. During 1946, Universal discharged most of its contract players, so that same year Thompson moved over to MGM. His film roles steadily increased and improved with appearances in "The Clock" and the lead in "Gallant Bess", MGM's first film shot in Cinecolor.

At the age of 24, Thompson narrated the storyline in "Stars in My Crown" (1950). He became a freelance actor during the 1950s and worked for various studios on a variety of pictures, including a number of horror and science fiction films. This included the role of Carruthers in "It! The Terror from Beyond Space" (1958), one of the two films that would later inspire the plot for director Ridley Scott's 1979 big-budget feature "Alien". Thompson also starred in the short-lived (13-episodes) 1959 syndicated science fiction TV series "World of Giants". The drama follows Mel Hunter, a U. S. counter-espionage agent, accidentally miniaturized to just six inches in height, who must live in a dollhouse when not on missions.

By the 1960s, Thompson's boyish looks had matured and his screen persona became more authoritative. He co-starred with the Belgian-born Annie Fargé in the 33-episode CBS sitcom "Angel" (1960–1961) about an American architect with a charming but scatterbrained French wife, who often got into zany, Lucy Ricardo-esque situations, caused in part by her lack of fluency in the English language. The show was canceled after 33 episodes due to low ratings, despite critical acclaim for the newcomer Fargé.

He also guest starred as murderer Arthur Poe in the 1960 "Perry Mason" episode "The Case of the Wayward Wife".

Thompson went on to star in two Vietnam War films: "A Yank in Viet-Nam" (1964), which he also directed, and "To the Shores of Hell" (1965). The former was directed by Thompson and was shot on location in South Vietnam.

In 1965 he returned to MGM to play the lead in the Ivan Tors produced comedy-adventure film "Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion" (1965). He played Dr. Marsh Tracy, a veterinarian and single father, who is raising his daughter (played by animal whisperer and Golden Globe-winning Cheryl Miller) alone in Kenya. The film was then spun off into the TV series "Daktari" (1966–1969), in which Thompson played the same role. Though the series was shot in California and Africa, Thompson and his wife made several trips to various African nations to film second unit footage that was then used in the series and in the film "The Mighty Jungle" (1965).

Thompson also was the host and storyteller for the TV anthology series "Jambo" (1969-1971).

Later in his career, he appeared in many television episodes and in feature films such as "The Turning Point" (1977) and "The Formula" (1980).

Thompson married Barbara Long in 1949, making him a brother-in-law of actor Richard Long, best known for his role as Jarrod Barkley in ABC's "The Big Valley". Thompson appeared together with his brother-in-law in the 1955 horror film thriller "Cult of the Cobra".

Thompson died in 1992 from congestive heart failure at age 66 in Royal Oak, Michigan.

Thompson's 60+ film roles include:

Thompson's 50+ television roles include:



</doc>
<doc id="3189670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3189670" title="Don Haggerty">
Don Haggerty

Don Haggerty (July 3, 1914 – August 19, 1988) was an American actor of film and television. Before he began appearing in films in 1947, Haggerty was a Brown University athlete and served in the United States military.

Usually cast as tough policemen or cowboys, he appeared in a number of memorable films including "Sands of Iwo Jima" (1949), "The Asphalt Jungle" (1951), "Angels in the Outfield" (1951) and "The Narrow Margin". The B-movie actor continued to appear in films until the early 1980s.

From 1954 to 1955, Haggerty starred in the syndicated private eye series "The Files of Jeffrey Jones". in the 1955-1956 season, Haggerty appeared as the outlaw Sam Bass in an episode of Jim Davis's syndicated "Stories of the Century". About this time, he also appeared on CBS in the Reed Hadley legal drama, "The Public Defender". He played the lead role in the short-lived DuMont series "The Cases of Eddie Drake" (filmed 1949, aired 1952).

In 1956-1957, Haggerty appeared as Sheriff Elder in nine episodes of Rod Cameron's syndicated western-themed crime drama, "State Trooper". He appeared in three episodes of the syndicated western "26 Men" about the Arizona Rangers. In 1959, he guest starred in Bruce Gordon's NBC docudrama about the Cold War, "Behind Closed Doors".

Haggerty appeared twenty-one times, including nineteen in 1955 and 1956 as a regular, the newspaperman Marsh Murdock, on the ABC/Desilu western series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", starring Hugh O'Brian in the title role. In 1960, he appeared as Marshal Bill Thompson in the episode "Alibi" on the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Colt .45".

In 1959, Haggerty was cast as Harry Moxton in the episode "No Laughing Matter" of the NBC crime drama, "Richard Diamond, Private Detective", starring David Janssen. Joey Bishop also guest starred in this episode.

In 1960 Haggerty appeared as Joe Haynes on the TV western "Tales of Wells Fargo" starring "Dale Robertson" in the episode titled Doc Dawson. Haggerty guest starred in 1960 on the NBC crime drama, "Dan Raven" starring Skip Homeier, and the CBS "Rawhide" episode, "Incident of the Silent Web" in the role of Chaney. He appeared too the NBC western series, "The Californians" and "Riverboat".

Haggerty was cast as the United States Attorney W. H. H. Clayton, based in Arkansas and the Oklahoma Territory, in the 1961 episode, "A Bullet for the D.A." of the anthology series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. Carole Mathews played the outlaw Belle Starr, recently released from federal prison and unsuccessfully plotting the assassination of Clayton during a Wild West show in Fort Smith, Arkansas. Others in the episode are William Thourlby as Belle's second husband, Sam Starr, and Carlyle Mitchell, in his penultimate role as "Hanging Judge" Isaac Parker. In 1967, Haggerty played Horace Tabor in another "Death Valley Days" episode, "Chicken Bill", hosted by Robert Taylor. In that episode, Dub Taylor played the title role of the silver miner Chicken Bill Lovell, who in the story line salts his mine to get Tabor to pay off Lovell's lingering debt and to fund his continued operation. Earlier, Haggerty played Sheriff Wheeler alongside Julie Sommars as Sister Blandina Segale in the 1966 "Death Valley Days" episode "The Fastest Nun in the West", hosted by Ronald Reagan. In the story line, Blandina seeks justice for a killer, despite heavy sentiment for his hanging. In another 1966 episode of the same series, "Water Bringer", Haggerty was cast as the embittered Captain Hayworth of the ship "Orion", with Rory Calhoun playing the California entrepreneur William A. Richardson, and Calhoun's then wife, Lita Baron, cast as Maria Martinez, daughter of the commandante, Ygnacio Martinez (Will Kuluva). In the 1969 "Death Valley Days" episode, "Old Stape", hosted by Dale Robertson, Haggerty played an eccentric thief who outwits lawmen from his rundown shack along the border of the United States and the Republic of Texas.

Haggerty was cast as Joe Wine in the 1961 episode "Alien Entry" of another syndicated series, "The Blue Angels". About this time, he guest starred in the episode "The Green Gamblers" of the syndicated crime drama, "The Brothers Brannagan". He was also cast in 1963 in an episode of the NBC modern western series, "Redigo". Don Haggerty appeared as a guest star in "My Favorite Martian" as Detective Sgt. Heeley in 1964's episode called 'Uncle Martin's Broadcast' and as a bank guard in 1965's 'Hate Me A Little'.



</doc>
<doc id="3194498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3194498" title="Michael Callan">
Michael Callan

Michael Callan (born Martin Harris Calinieff, November 22, 1935) is an American actor best known for originating the role of Riff in "West Side Story" on Broadway, and for his film roles for Columbia Pictures, notably "Gidget Goes Hawaiian", "The Interns" and "Cat Ballou".

Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a Jewish family, he sang and danced as a teenager and by the age of fifteen was dancing in local night clubs. Two years later he moved to New York and performed under the name of "Mickey Calin".

Callan's first big break came when he was cast in "The Boy Friend" (1954) and "Catch a Star" (1955). He and his dance partner, Grace Genteel, appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "Chance of a Lifetime".

When he was 21, he auditioned for Jerome Robbins for the role of "Riff" in the original Broadway production of "West Side Story" (1957–59). He auditioned several times before getting the role. He scored a great personal triumph. From October 1957 there were reports of studios interested in him.

He was seen by talent scout Joyce Selznick, who worked for Columbia Pictures. Columbia was on a "youth talent" drive at the time and signed Callan to a seven-year deal in June 1958. He had been using the name "Mickey Calin" but would use the name "Michael Callan".

Columbia Pictures' first role for Callan was in a prestige production, "They Came to Cordura" (1959), starring Gary Cooper. Columbia then considered Callan for a number of projects, including "The Mountain Road", by Theodore White, "Parrish", and "Let No Man Write My Epitaph". Callan's second film with Columbia was the lead role in "The Flying Fontaines" (1959).

In October 1959, Columbia Pictures announced the Callan was one of 11 young names the studio would be building up -- the others were James Darren, (Darren's soon-to-be wife) Evy Norlund, Glenn Corbett, Carol Douglas, Jo Morrow, Margie Regan, Joby Baker, Rian Garrick, Joe Gallison and Steve Baylor.

He co-starred with Dick Clark and Tuesday Weld in the film "Because They're Young" (1960) and had a cameo in "Pepe" (1960).

Callan was unable to reprise his "West Side Story" role of Riff in the film version due to his contract with Columbia, but he did dance in the film "Gidget Goes Hawaiian" (1961), opposite Deborah Walley as Gidget and Darren as Moondoggie. He also appeared in a fantasy adventure film, "Mysterious Island" (1961).

Callan was a juvenile delinquent threatening Alan Ladd in "13 West Street" (1962), then was reunited with Walley in the family comedy, "Bon Voyage!" (1962) for Walt Disney. Back at Columbia, he appeared in a big hit, "The Interns" (1962), as one of four young doctors. He had a supporting role in "The Victors" (1963) and a bigger one in "The New Interns" (1964). In April 1964 Columbia said they had signed him to a new contract and would put him in "King Rat". In June 1964 Columbia announced they had signed him to a six picture contract.

In 1964, he guest-starred in episodes of television series "Twelve O'Clock High" and "Breaking Point". Around this time he released an album, "My Home Town".

After "You Must Be Joking!" (1965) Callan played the romantic lead in the Western comedy "Cat Ballou" (1965) opposite Jane Fonda. 

In August 1965, he signed a four-picture deal with Columbia and at one point was mentioned as a possible star for the space adventure "Marooned" (1969).

After eight years and 13 films with Columbia, Callan landed the lead role of Peter Christopher in the NBC Television sitcom "Occasional Wife" made by Columbia's Screen Gems.

At the time, Callan was married to the former Carlyn Chapman. The young couple lived in Beverly Hills and had two daughters. He engaged in a 12-hour day filming schedule with weekends off for the production of the half-hour television series. Callan divorced Carlyn and was married for a time to Patricia Harty, the actress who played his "occasional wife" in the series.

In 1968, he co-starred as 'Bill Calhoun' in the ABC-TV production of Cole Porter's "Kiss Me, Kate" starring Robert Goulet and Carol Lawrence.

Callan's later films included "The Magnificent Seven Ride", "Lepke" and "The Cat and the Canary".

His additional television credits include "Breaking Point", "Hazel", "That Girl", "The Name of the Game", "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", "Ironside", "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "Griff", "McMillan & Wife", "Barnaby Jones", "12 O'Clock High", "Quincy, M.E.", "Charlie's Angels", "Simon & Simon", "Fantasy Island", "The Love Boat", "The Bionic Woman", four episodes of "Murder, She Wrote" and eight episodes of "Love, American Style". He also played Hal B. Wallis in "My Wicked, Wicked Ways: The Legend of Errol Flynn", and Metallo in "Superboy".

Callan both produced and starred in his own film, "Double Exposure" (1982). He also returned, occasionally, to the stage in both legit plays and musicals including "Absurd Person Singular", "Killjoy", "Love Letters", "Hello Muddah, Hello Faddah", "The Music Man", and "George M!". Callan appeared in the Off-Broadway musical "Bar Mitzvah Boy" in 1987.

His more recent movie credits include "Stuck on You" (2003) and "The Still Life" (2006). His TV credits also include "Viper" and "ER".

He was nominated for a Golden Globe "New Star of the Year Award" in 1960 for "The Flying Fontaines"; and won in the same category the following year, for "Because They're Young".

Callan has two daughters, Dawn and Rebecca.



</doc>
<doc id="3194536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3194536" title="Griffin Frazen">
Griffin Frazen

Griffin James Frazen (born October 8, 1987) is an American actor, best known for his role as Jimmy Finnerty on the sitcom "Grounded for Life".

Frazen was born in Los Angeles, California. He graduated from New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study in 2009 and Princeton University's Graduate School of Architecture in 2013.


</doc>
<doc id="3195086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3195086" title="Anthony Denison">
Anthony Denison

Anthony John Sarrero (born September 20, 1949), also known by his stage name Anthony Denison (also credited as Anthony John Denison and Tony Denison), is an American actor.

The eldest of three, he was born and raised in New York City's Harlem. He worked for John Hancock Insurance as a life insurance agent in Poughkeepsie, New York, while pursuing his acting career, starring in several stage productions in the New Paltz, New York, locale. His stage surname "Denison" was taken from his friend Jan Denison during his days as an actor and director at a nonprofit theater in the late 1970s.

Denison is most recently known for his role as Lieutenant Andy Flynn in "The Closer" (2005–12) and its spin-off "Major Crimes" (2012–2018). He is well known for his role as mob boss Ray Luca on the NBC crime drama "Crime Story" (1986–88). Afterwards, he starred and guest-starred in several crime movies and television programs, notably as undercover agent John Henry Raglin in "Wiseguy" (1987–90), "" (1988), "City of Hope" (1991), as Joey Buttafuoco in "The Amy Fisher Story" (1993), as John Gotti in "Getting Gotti" (1994), "Criminal Passion" (1994), and as head coach Mike George in ESPN's drama series "Playmakers" (2003). He appeared in Season 1, Episode 3, of "Charmed" (1998-2006) as the father of the Halliwell sisters. In 2005, he appeared on "Criminal Minds" as Sgt. Weigart, a role he reprised in 2020 for one episode. He played Detective Buroughs in "Karla" (2006). He had a recurring role as Aldo Burrows on the Fox series "Prison Break" (2005–09). In 2000, he played the role of a killer for hire in "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1993-2001). Denison embodied "Government Investor" in the 2011 Frankie Muniz superhero caper "Pizza Man".


</doc>
<doc id="3197630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3197630" title="Arif S. Kinchen">
Arif S. Kinchen

Arif S. Kinchen (born February 7, 1973) is an American actor and voice actor.

He made his acting debut in the American film classic "House Party" featuring Kid 'n Play. The Los Angeles native went on to land the starring role in the New Line Cinema short film, "The Jacket", guest starred on the television program "", and became a household name as LaMarr Hicks on the UPN short-lived series "Sparks". The role afforded the young actor the opportunity to reach a large fan base, and his comedic timing landed him an accredited role in the film "Trippin'". He then starred in the comedies "Beverly Hood" and Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg's "The Wash".

Most recently, Kinchen starred in the 2012 theatrical holiday release of "Christmas in Compton", a family comedy written and directed by David Raynr.

Lauded for his vocal dexterity, Kinchen is one of a handful of African-American's who have made his mark in the video game industry, rising to fame with recurring roles in the Volition/THQ series "Saints Row" and the cult hits "" & "Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam". He has also garnered recognition for work in such animated hits as the Academy Award winning film "Happy Feet", Cartoon Network's "Mad" and roles in "Family Guy" plus promos for Tyler Perry's "House of Payne" & "Meet the Browns". In addition, he specializes in the art of "speed talking" and ADR looping, and has voice matched various celebrities including Martin Lawrence for "Bad Boys II" and the late Bernie Mac for the film "Guess Who".

Kinchen's acting and voiceover characterizations have afforded him a career in the advertising industry with hundreds of commercials and campaigns for numerous clients including popular spots for Boost Mobile, AT&T, Lowe's, Sears, Intuit and Coca-Cola.

While acting is his primary passion, Kinchen also has strong ties to music and the West Coast Hip Hop community. An Emcee since the 7th grade, he is a staunch Hip Hop activist and worked in music promotion for Immortal, Loud, Sony Records & the UNITY UNDERGROUND Concert Series prior to landing his role on "Sparks". Kinchen also served as a Music Coordinator, contributing the song "I'm Runnin'" for the soundtrack of the independent film "Runaways" in which he also starred. Kinchen's own independent project entitled "What? You Call Dis An ALBUM?" was released in the summer of 2001.

Kinchen currently resides in Los Angeles, California, with his wife and their 2 children. In 2013, the man with the distinctive voice will embody characters for 4 AAA video game titles ("BioShock Infinite", "Saints Row IV", "Grand Theft Auto V" and "Dead Rising 3") plus the indie hit "Marlow Briggs and the Mask of Death" (whose title character he voices) and several animated projects, including this summer's breakout hit "Beware the Batman". He can also be seen weekly as the new 2nd Season On-air host of the SMMG Entertainment Group's "The VIP Hideaway", on Comcast Television in several southern markets.






</doc>
<doc id="3197935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3197935" title="Nathaniel Taylor (actor)">
Nathaniel Taylor (actor)

Nathaniel Taylor (March 31, 1938 – February 27, 2019) was an American television and film actor best known for portraying Rollo Lawson on the 1970s sitcoms "Sanford and Son", "Grady" and the 1980s sitcom "Sanford".

He was born in Missouri in 1938. He acted in several movies and TV shows and later created a performing arts studio. Some of the major shows where he acted are "The Redd Foxx Show", "Police Story" and "What's Happening!!" . Taylor was in the films "Trouble Man" (1972) and "Willie Dynamite" (1974). He died in 2019 in Los Angeles.

Taylor was born on March 31, 1938, in St. Louis, Missouri. Growing up, he had two brothers (Richard & Eugene) and three sisters (Betty, Mary & Rose).

Before becoming an actor, Taylor was working as an electrician at the Performing Arts Society of Los Angeles (PASLA). His mentor, Larry Clark, suggested he try out for a part. Clark had him read a few lines to him and then sent him down to Redd Foxx's room. They had talked about their hometown, St. Louis. Foxx told Taylor that he had the role which would become Rollo Lawson.

Taylor was best known for his recurring role as Rollo Lawson in the 1970s sitcom "Sanford and Son", a role he later reprised on its short-lived 1980–1981 spin-off "Sanford". He later played the first version of Jim-Jam with Redd Foxx on the 1986 series "The Redd Foxx Show". In the late 1970s, he played Rerun's (Fred Berry) brother–in–law, Ike, in the sitcom "What's Happening!!". Taylor also reprised the role of Rollo Lawson in the short–lived "Grady". He was also guest starred in episodes of "The Bill Cosby Show", "Adam 12", and "Police Story".

Taylor also was featured in "Trouble Man" starring Robert Hooks as one of Mr. Big's henchmen. The film featured a soundtrack by Marvin Gaye. In 1973, he was in Clark's "As Above, So Below". Taylor later became the Executive Director of Performing Arts Society of Los Angeles (PASLA). He was in the blaxploitation film "Willie Dynamite". Taylor also starred in "The Hunter". In 2016, he was in the short film "Auditioning for Nathaniel" directed by Kevin Jerome Everson as himself.

BlueLine Classics, LLC bought the iconic and original 1951 Ford F1 used in "Sanford and Son". The owners, Jeff Canter and Tim Franko, loved the idea of restoring the Ford. After it was restored, in October 2015, they decided to reunite a cast member with the truck they preserved. Canter searched for Taylor on Facebook and could not find him. He did, however, find him the old-fashioned way and contacted him. Taylor called Canter and agreed to sign autographs with the restored Ford truck in October 2015. In June 2016, Taylor was asked to sign autographs at the Hard Rock Rocksino Northfield Park with the iconic 1951 Ford F1 'Sanford and Son Salvage' truck. He remembers in the season 4 episode, "Fred's Treasure Garden", where his character had marijuana referring to the "wild parsley" scene, which a lot of fans reminisce about.

Taylor was friends with fellow actor Rocco Karega and Hip-Hop promoter Alonzo Williams. He was married to Loretta until his death. Together, Taylor and Loretta had two children. Taylor had five children from a previous marriage to Bernice Gordon-Taylor After Taylor stopped acting, he opened a performing arts studio for young actors. In April 1986, the Los Angeles Police Department arrested and booked Taylor on burglary charges along with his brother, James, and Pang Shing. About $200,000.00 in computers and typewriters were seized. The arrest came within hours of the Sports Connection athletic club in West Los Angeles reported the theft of 10 IBM typewriters and a computer, police Lt. Howard Hughie said.

On February 23, 2019, Taylor was rushed to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center after suffering from a heart attack. He died there from the complications of it on February 27, 2019. Taylor is survived by his wife, seven children, six grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren, his brother (Eugene), and two sisters (Mary and Betty).




</doc>
<doc id="3198920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3198920" title="Harold J. Stone">
Harold J. Stone

Harold J. Stone (born Harold Hochstein, March 3, 1913November 18, 2005) was an American stage, radio, film, and television character actor.

Stone was born to a Jewish acting family. At age 6, Stone debuted on stage with his father, Jacob Hochstein, in the play "White Slaves". A graduate of New York University, he attended the University of Buffalo to study medicine.

Stone began his career on Broadway in 1939 and appeared in five plays in the next six years, including "One Touch of Venus" and "Stalag 17". His other Broadway credits include "Morning Star" (1939), "A Bell for Adano" (1944), "S.S. Glencairn" (1947), "Abraham Cochrane" (1963), "Charley's Aunt" (1970), and "Ring Around the Bathtub" (1971).

Stone returned to the stage in the 1960s and 1970s, directing several off-Broadway and Broadway productions, including "Ernest in Love" and "Charley's Aunt".

Stone made his motion picture debut in the Alan Ladd film noir classic "The Blue Dahlia" (1946). In 1949, he co-starred on the short-lived live television sitcom "The Hartmans". He then went on to work in small but memorable roles in such films as "The Harder They Fall" (1956) with Humphrey Bogart, Alfred Hitchcock's "The Wrong Man" (1956), "Somebody Up There Likes Me" (1956), "The Garment Jungle" (1957), "The Invisible Boy" (1957), "Spartacus" (1960), "The Chapman Report" (1962), "" (1963), "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965), "Girl Happy" (1965), "The St. Valentine's Day Massacre" (1967, as Frank Nitti), "The Big Mouth" (1967), "The Seven Minutes" (1971), "Mitchell" (1975), and "Hardly Working" (1980).

Although Stone went on to perform secondary roles in a number of films, he became a recognizable face to television viewers. He played Handyman in the comedy "The Hartmans", Jake Goldberg in the drama "The Goldbergs", and Lieutenant Hauser in the drama "The Walter Winchell File". In 1959, he co-starred as a principal investigator in the syndicated series "Grand Jury".x

Stone made more than 150 guest appearances on numerous shows dating from the 1950s to the early 1980s, including: "U.S. Marshal", "Stagecoach West" (the 1960 episode "Red Sand" with Dean Jones), "The Rifleman", "Gunsmoke","Wagon Train","Cimarron City", "The Restless Gun", "The Alaskans", "The Barbara Stanwyck Show", "Sugarfoot", "The Islanders", "The Tall Man", "The Roaring 20's", "Empire", "I Spy", "The Virginian", "The Untouchables", "", "Mr. Novak", "The Twilight Zone", "Route 66", "Have Gun – Will Travel", "The Big Valley", "Trackdown" (3 episodes), "Going My Way", "Gilligan's Island", "Hogan's Heroes" (3 episodes), "Hawaii Five-O", "Mannix", "Get Smart", "Griff", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Welcome Back Kotter", "Barney Miller" (3 episodes) and "Charlie's Angels".

On January 14, 1958, he played Rafe Larkin, "The Last Comanchero," in the ABC/Warner Brothers western television series, "Cheyenne." 

In the 1961–1962 season, Stone appeared three times in Stephen McNally's ABC crime drama "". In 1963, he appeared with Marsha Hunt in the ABC medical drama "Breaking Point" in an episode which was nominated for an Emmy Award for writing. In September 1964, he appeared in the Western series, "Bonanza" ("The Hostage"). Also in 1964, Stone appeared in "Daniel Boone" starring Fess Parker (in the episode entitled "The Fluellen Family" as Greenbriar).

In 1969-1970, Stone portrayed Hamilton Greeley in the NBC comedy series "My World and Welcome to It". He played Sam Steinberg on the 1972-1973 CBS comedy "Bridget Loves Bernie", and had the role of Charlie on the CBS comedy "Joe and Sons" (1975-1976).

Stone was married twice. His first wife, Jean, died in 1960. He and his second wife separated in 1964. He had two sons and one daughter.

Stone died in the Woodland Hills section of Los Angeles at the age of 92, of natural causes.

In 1964, Stone was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Single Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role for his role in CBS's "The Nurses".





</doc>
<doc id="3201113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3201113" title="Eric Dane">
Eric Dane

Eric Dane (born Eric T. Melvin, November 9, 1972) is an American actor. After appearing in television roles throughout the 2000s with his recurring role as Jason Dean in "Charmed" being the best known, he became famous for playing Dr. Mark Sloan on the medical drama television series "Grey's Anatomy", as well as films, co-starring in "Marley & Me" (2008), "Valentine's Day" (2010), and "Burlesque" (2010). He starred as Captain Tom Chandler in the post-apocalyptic drama "The Last Ship". He currently stars as Cal Jacobs in the HBO series, "Euphoria".

Dane was born in San Francisco, California, to a homemaker mother and an interior designer/architect father, William Melvin. He is of English, German, Finnish, Russian-Jewish and Austrian-Jewish ancestry. When Dane was 7 years old, his father died of a gunshot wound. Dane has a younger brother, and they were raised in their mother's Jewish religion (Dane had a Bar Mitzvah ceremony). He attended Sequoia High School in Redwood City, California, from 1987 to 1990, and San Mateo High School in San Mateo, California, from 1990 to 1991, where he graduated. Dane was an athlete in high school, playing on the boys' varsity water polo team, but pursued a career in acting after appearing in a school production of Arthur Miller's "All My Sons".

In 1993, Dane moved to Los Angeles, where he played small roles in the television series "Saved by the Bell", "The Wonder Years", "Roseanne", and "Married... with Children", among others. But in 2000, he was signed for a recurring role in "Gideon's Crossing", and followed this with a two-season run as Jason Dean in "Charmed". His made-for-television film credits included two biopics, "Serving in Silence" (about Margarethe Cammermeyer's experiences in the military), and "Helter Skelter", in which he portrayed Charles "Tex" Watson, a member of the Manson family.

Dane's first major feature film appearance was in "The Basket". He also appeared in "Zoe, Duncan, Jack & Jane", "Sol Goode", "Feast", "", and starred in "Open Water 2".
In 2005, Dane guested as Dr. Mark Sloan in "Yesterday", the eighteenth episode of the second season of the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy". Positive audience reaction to the character led to Dane's becoming a regular in the show's third season. His first appearance in the season, in which he walked out of the bathroom soaking wet and wearing only a strategically placed towel, was labeled a "watercooler moment".
Dane resigned from the show after the end of season 8, but appeared in the first two episodes of season 9.

In December 2006, he starred in the A&E television film "Wedding Wars" as the brother of a gay man (played by John Stamos) who goes on strike in support of marriage equality.
Dane, alongside Patrick Dempsey, appeared in the same big-screen project, the 2010 romantic comedy "Valentine's Day". The Garry Marshall-directed film followed five interconnecting stories about Los Angelenos anticipating (or in some cases dreading) the holiday.

In October 2012, Dane joined the main cast of the Michael Bay-produced TNT drama series "The Last Ship". He is also credited as a producer on the show.

Dane married actress Rebecca Gayheart on October 29, 2004. They have two daughters together: Billie Beatrice Dane (born March 3, 2010) and Georgia Geraldine Dane (born December 28, 2011). In February 2018, Gayheart filed for divorce from Dane after 14 years of marriage, citing "irreconcilable differences".

Dane made headlines when he was in a nude video with his wife and Kari Ann Peniche.

In June 2011, Dane entered a California treatment center to rectify a dependency on prescription drugs he had developed after suffering a sports injury.

In April 2017, "The Last Ship" halted production through Memorial Day to allow Dane to deal with the depression he was battling.



</doc>
<doc id="3201982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3201982" title="Kay E. Kuter">
Kay E. Kuter

Kay Edwin Emmert Kuter (April 25, 1925 – November 12, 2003) was an American actor who appeared on television and in films. He is mostly recognized for his role as farmer Newt Kiley on the CBS sitcoms "Green Acres" and "Petticoat Junction", which shared several characters.

The son of famed Hollywood art director Leo K. Kuter and silent screen actress Evelyn Edler, Kuter was born in Los Angeles, California. He performed mostly as a serious actor or "heavy" in many 1960s series, often in a beard, before taking a recurring roles on the two series.

He appeared in many films, including "The Last Starfighter" as Enduran, "Warlock" and "Gross Anatomy". His last film role was in the 2004 film "Forbidden Warrior". He also provided voice work for kids' films, including providing the voice of Santa Claus in "Annabelle's Wish" and the voice of Grimsby in "", replacing Ben Wright, who died in 1989.

In his later years, he did extensive voice acting in video games, including playing the bartender Griswold Goodsoup in "The Curse of Monkey Island" and Dockmaster Velasco in "Grim Fandango", both well-known LucasArts Adventure games of the 1990s. He was probably best known to video game fans as Werner Huber in "". He was the voice of "Hershey's Kisses" commercials for 14 years.

He made guest appearances on many television series, including "The Rifleman", "Bonanza", "Perry Mason", " Gunsmoke", "" as a Cytherian in the season four episode "", and in "" as the Bajoran Sirah in the first-season episode "". He also appeared on "ER", the "Charmed" episode "Happily Ever After", the "Outer Limits" episode "The Premonition" as a "Limbo Being" caught in time, "Seinfeld" as the Latvian Orthodox priest, "The X-Files" episode "The Calusari" as the head Calusari, and "Frasier" as a vagrant who wants a kiss from Martin Crane.

Kuter died on November 12, 2003, from pulmonary complications at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank, California. He was 78, and his death came only four months after his mother's passing at age 103. He was survived by his sister Jeane Kuter Harvey and nieces and nephews and great nieces and nephews. He is buried in Forest Lawn - Hollywood Hills Cemetery.

He also appeared in a small uncredited role in "Mary Poppins" (1964).



</doc>
<doc id="3202228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3202228" title="Woodrow Parfrey">
Woodrow Parfrey

Woodrow Parfrey (October 5, 1922 – July 29, 1984) was an American film and television actor from the 1950s to the early 1980s. He appeared on Broadway in "Advise and Consent" (1961). One of his most memorable film roles was that of a bank manager in the little known bank heist film "Charley Varrick" (1973).

Parfrey was born Sydney Woodrow Parfrey on October 5, 1922, in New York City. He was orphaned as a teenager.

Parfrey attended The New School, and he worked as an automobile mechanic before going into the military.

Parfrey fought at the Battle of the Bulge during World War II and was wounded and captured by the Germans. When he was released from the Army, testing indicated that he should become an actor, which led to his new profession.

Parfrey acted almost entirely on Broadway or regional stage in the late 1940s and 1950s, turning to television and film substantially in the 1960s. In 1962 Parfrey appeared as Joe Darby on the TV western "The Virginian" in the episode titled "The Accomplice." Though usually a supporting player, he played many focal television guest-star roles, mainly in the late 1960s when fantasy and spy shows relied heavily on distinctive guest players. He appeared five times on "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", more than any other guest star except Jill Ireland, who also appeared five times. In 1962 he played the part of the murderer George Pickson in "Perry Mason - The Case of the Bogus Books". In 1963, he played the part of George Moffgat in Perry Mason - "The Case of the Drowsy Mosquito." In 1967 he appeared as Brock in the 4th season of the science fiction TV show "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" in the episode named "Fatal Cargo." He is often remembered as ""one of TV's great slimeball villains"". He later appeared as storekeeper Ike Godsey in "" the TV movie pilot for "The Waltons" (1971), "The Moneychangers" (1976), "Backstairs at the White House" (1979) and the short-lived 1979 CBS series "Time Express". 

Parfrey also scored a few big A-movie parts, most notably as a prisoner in "Papillon" (1973). Parfrey's frequent association with that film's director, Franklin Schaffner, also included a bit as Maximus, one of the three "See No Evil" orangutan judges in "Planet of the Apes" (1968). His many film credits include parts in "Cattle King" (1963), "The War Lord" (1965), "The King's Pirate" (1967), "How to Save a Marriage and Ruin Your Life" (1968), "Madigan" (1968), "Sam Whiskey" (1969), "Cold Turkey" (1971), "Dirty Harry" (1971), "Oklahoma Crude" (1973), "Charley Varrick" (1973) "Stay Hungry" (1976), "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976), "The Incredible Journey of Doctor Meg Laurel" (1979), "Carny" (1980), "Bronco Billy" (1980), "Used Cars" (1980), "The Seduction" (1982), "Frances" (1982) and "Jinxed" (1982).

On February 18, 1950, Parfrey married Rosa Ellovich and trained under acting teacher Erwin Piscator at the New School for Social Research.

Parfrey died of a heart attack on July 29, 1984, aged 61 years, in Los Angeles. His son was "underground" publisher Adam Parfrey who died at the same age as his father.



</doc>
<doc id="3208775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3208775" title="Bill Raisch">
Bill Raisch

Carl William Raisch (April 5, 1905 – July 31, 1984), was an American dancer, actor, stuntman, and acting coach. He was best known as the One-Armed Man pursued by Richard Kimble (David Janssen) on the 1963–1967 TV series "The Fugitive".

Carl William Raisch was born on April 5, 1905, in North Bergen, New Jersey. His parents were German immigrants.

After graduating high school, Raisch found a job hauling cement in a construction site. He began lifting weights and also became an amateur boxer. As a dancing partner to a young woman whom he took to socials and dances, he was introduced to Florenz Ziegfeld Jr., who signed him to the Ziegfeld Follies dance troupe. Raisch performed on stage in his first American production at the New Amsterdam Roof Theater in the late 1920s. He primarily performed with the dance troupe in New York, and was also an adagio performer. He married Adele Smith, a fellow Ziegfield dancer.

In the beginning of 1945, during his World War II service with the United States Merchant Marine, Raisch's right arm was badly burned in a shipboard fire and had to be amputated at the elbow. Raisch had acted in a few uncredited film roles before the war, but afterwards pursued a film career, moving to Los Angeles in 1946. Raisch appeared in "The War Of The Worlds" (1953) as "an extra, stand-in, and occasional stuntman", and in "Spartacus" (1960), playing a character whose arm was hacked off in battle. For the latter stunt, Kirk Douglas as Spartacus chopped off Raisch's prosthetic limb with a sword.

Raisch's first memorable film role was as a one-armed character who initiates a barroom brawl with Douglas's cowboy character in "Lonely are the Brave" (1962). The following year, Raisch became the "One-Armed Man" in the television series "The Fugitive", which ran from 1963 to 1967. Raisch filmed the role over the course of four days, but his character was frequently mentioned and seen in flashbacks. In the series' final episode, Raisch's character was proved to be the true killer of the wife of Dr. Richard Kimble, played by David Janssen.

Raisch worked as actor Burt Lancaster's stand-in in several films, although Lancaster was four inches taller than he. 

Raisch's disability led to his being typecast, usually as a criminal. He subsequently worked in Los Angeles as an acting coach. He died of lung cancer in a Santa Monica, California, hospital on July 31, 1984, aged 79. His body was cremated and his ashes scattered at sea.


</doc>
<doc id="3208882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3208882" title="Bryan Callen">
Bryan Callen

Bryan Callen (born January 26, 1967) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, writer and podcaster. He studied acting at the Beverly Hills Playhouse. Callen initiated his career as one of the original cast members on the sketch comedy series "MADtv". Callen now plays Coach Mellor in "Schooled" and is co-host of the podcast "The Fighter and the Kid," alongside Brendan Schaub.

Callen was born on a military base in Manila, Philippines. He is the son of American parents, Toni McBrier and Michael A. Callen. Because of his father's career as an international banker, Callen lived overseas until he was fourteen years old, in countries including the Philippines, India, Pakistan, Lebanon, Greece and Saudi Arabia. He graduated from Northfield Mount Hermon High School in Gill, Massachusetts in 1985. Afterwards, he graduated from American University with a bachelor's degree in History. He is of Italian and Irish descent.

Callen was one of the eight original cast members when "MADtv" debuted in 1995. Callen's characters included Pool Boy from "Cabana Chat with Dixie Wetsworth", motivational speaker Al Casdy, and "relationship-challenged" death row inmate Jeremy Anderson. Callen also performed impressions of Bill Clinton, Robert De Niro, Al Gore, Luke Perry, Steven Seagal, Sammy Hagar, Kevin Bacon, Jim Carrey, Ted Knight and Arnold Schwarzenegger, among others.

Callen has guest starred on television series such as "Entourage", "NewsRadio", "Oz", "Frasier", "Suddenly Susan", "NYPD Blue", "", "", "7th Heaven", "Rude Awakening", "Less Than Perfect", "The King of Queens", "Kingdom", "Stacked", "Las Vegas", "Reba", "Fat Actress", "Californication" and "How I Met Your Mother".

Callen played Ricky's sexually abusive father on "The Secret Life of the American Teenager" on ABC Family. He also makes frequent appearances on "Chelsea Lately". He hosted the E! show "Bank of Hollywood", and currently appears as a commentator of "" on truTV.

Bryan Callen also plays the role of Coach Mellor in "The Goldbergs" and its spinoff series "Schooled". The pilot aired on January 24, 2018. The spinoff was picked up for 13 episode order for the Fall 2018 Television season.

Callen co-wrote and co-starred in "Dream Crushers" with Will Sasso, Sara Rue, and Scott Thompson. The series was shot in 2009 but unaired until 2011. He appeared with Melinda Hill in an episode of the 2012-13 web series "Romantic Encounters".

Beginning February 20, 2012, Callen and fellow actors Will Sasso and Chris D'Elia began the 'Ten Minute Podcast'. Tommy Blacha and Chad Kultgen later replaced Callen and D'Elia.

Callen currently cohosts a podcast titled "The Fighter and the Kid" with Brendan Schaub. The podcast formerly focused on the realm of mixed martial arts, but since their departure from Fox Sports, they regularly discuss pop culture and current events as well.

Schaub and Callen performed the podcast live on a national tour in 2016. The tour included such venues as The Vic Theatre (Chicago), Gramercy Theatre (New York City), and Wilbur Theatre (Boston); culminating at the Comedy Store in Los Angeles.

In 2016 Schaub and Callen released "The Fighter and the Kid 3D." The twelve episode digital download series features sketch comedy pieces based on the duo's podcast personas.

Schaub and Callen regularly appear alongside Joe Rogan during live event broadcasts, such as the UFC and Glory kickboxing, for what is called the Fight Companion. They also appeared on the MTV show "Ridiculousness", hosted by Rob Dyrdek, in June 2016.

Callen headlines his solo stand up comedy act at venues across the United States. In early 2016 he released "Never Grow Up" which was recorded live at the Irvine Improv in April, 2015. "Never Grow Up" was released online in conjunction with "The Fighter and the Kid 3D" Web series. he released a special in 2019 called Complicated Apes.



</doc>
<doc id="3209407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3209407" title="Theodore Wilson">
Theodore Wilson

Theodore Rosevelt "Teddy" Wilson (December 10, 1943 – July 21, 1991) was an American stage, film, and television actor. Wilson is best known for his recurring roles as Earl the Postman on the ABC sitcom "That's My Mama", and Sweet Daddy Williams on the CBS sitcom "Good Times".

Born in Harlem, New York City, Wilson studied music at Florida A&M University before switching to drama. Upon returning to New York, he joined the Negro Ensemble Company and later worked with the Arena Stage Repertory. He made his acting debut in the blaxploitation film, "Cotton Comes to Harlem", in 1970. The following year, Wilson moved to Los Angeles. He made his television debut in a two-episode role as Hawthorne Dooley on the television series "The Waltons".
In 1973, Wilson was cast as High Strung on the CBS sitcom "Roll Out". The series was cancelled after 12 episodes.
The following year, Wilson was cast as Earl Chambers, a postman on the ABC sitcom "That's My Mama". That series was also short-lived and cancelled after two seasons.

In September 1976, Wilson signed with Tandem Productions, the production company owned by Bud Yorkin and Norman Lear who produced some of the most popular sitcoms of the 1970s. Wilson went on to guest star in several Yorkin/Lear-produced series including "All in the Family", "Sanford and Son", "What's Happening!!", "The Jeffersons", and "13 Queens Boulevard". In 1976, Wilson was cast as Sweet Daddy Williams, a street hustler on the CBS sitcom "Good Times". Wilson appeared as Sweet Daddy in a recurring role. In August 1977, it was announced that Wilson would star in a spin-off of the hit sitcom "Sanford and Son" called "Sanford Arms". The series was intended to be a continuation of the highly popular "Sanford and Son", which ended in March 1977 when both the series' stars, Redd Foxx and Demond Wilson, left the series. Wilson starred as Phil Wheeler, an Army veteran and widower who has purchased the Sanford Arms, a rooming house, from his old Army buddy Fred G. Sanford. Upon its premiere in September 1977, "Sanford Arms" was critically panned and drew low ratings. It was cancelled after four episodes.

After the series was cancelled, Wilson made various guest appearances in episodes of "The White Shadow" (he also wrote a 1980 episode), "Enos", "Gimme a Break!", "The Golden Girls", and "What's Happening Now". In 1986, he had a role as Jim-Jam on another short-lived series, "The Redd Foxx Show". Wilson continued to work throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, appearing in "Alien Nation", "Dallas", "Family Matters", "Tales from the Crypt", "Gabriel's Fire", "Mama's Family", and "Quantum Leap". He was also featured in films "The Hunter" (1980), Blake Edwards' "A Fine Mess", and "That's Life!" (both 1986). Wilson made his last onscreen appearance in "Blood in Blood Out", a 1993 crime drama released after his death.
Wilson had two children with actress Joan Pringle. Pringle was named executrix of Wilson's estate when he died in 1991.

On July 21, 1991, Wilson died of a stroke at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, at the age of 47.



</doc>
<doc id="3209438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3209438" title="Thalmus Rasulala">
Thalmus Rasulala

Thalmus Rasulala (born Jack Crowder; November 15, 1939October 9, 1991) was an American actor with a long career in theater, television, and movies. Noted for starring roles in blaxploitation films, he was also an original cast member of ABC's soap opera "One Life to Live" from its premiere in 1968 until he left the show in 1970.

Born Jack Crowder in Miami, Florida and a graduate of the University of Redlands, he appeared in many films and made guest appearances in TV shows. He also attended some classes at Shaw University, an HBCU in Raleigh, NC in the late 1970s. Notable Blaxploitation film roles include Sidney Lord Jones in "Cool Breeze" (1972), Dr. Gordon Thomas in "Blacula" (1972) and Robert Daniels in "Willie Dynamite" (1974); he also was the assistant director of "The Slams" (1973). On television, he was known as Skeeter Matthews on "Sanford and Son", Ned in "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman", Lt. Jack Neal on "One Life to Live", Bill Thomas (Raj and Dee's father) on "What's Happening!!", and Omoro Kinte (Kunta Kinte's father) in "Roots". He also appeared on the first-season episode of "Saturday Night Live" hosted by Richard Pryor as a priest in the "Exorcist II" sketch.

On the Broadway stage, under his original name Jack Crowder, Rasulala appeared as Cornelius Hackl in the hit musical "Hello, Dolly!". He was a leading member of the all-black cast that starred Pearl Bailey and Cab Calloway. The Bailey company opened on Broadway on November 12, 1967 and was recorded by RCA Victor for a best-selling cast album in which Rasulala is featured in several songs.

He also appeared on "Perry Mason", "Mannix", "The Twilight Zone", "All in the Family", "The Jeffersons", "Good Times", "", and "The Sophisticated Gents". His other film roles include "Cornbread, Earl and Me" (1975), "Mr. Ricco" (1975), "Bucktown" (1975), "The Last Hard Men" (1976), "" (1983), "The Boss' Wife" (1986), and "New Jack City" (1991).

Rasulala died on October 9, 1991, from a heart attack in Albuquerque, New Mexico. His last film role was as General Afir in "Mom and Dad Save the World". He died shortly after completing his scenes, and the film, released a year after his death, is dedicated to his memory. He died two days before actor Redd Foxx, who also died of a heart attack and with whom he guest-starred on "Sanford & Son." In the episode, he solicited funds for heart attack prevention and awareness.




</doc>
<doc id="3209492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3209492" title="Dennis Patrick">
Dennis Patrick

Dennis Patrick (born Dennis Patrick Harrison; March 14, 1918 – October 13, 2002) was an American character actor, primarily in television.

Patrick was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to a family of Irish descent. He graduated from North Catholic High School in 1935.

Patrick is known for his work in television shows. He portrayed Patrick Chase in the syndicated drama "Rituals" (1984), Vaughn Leland in CBS's "Dallas", Jack Breen in the ABC crime drama "Bert D'Angelo/Superstar" (1976) and Sergeant Pat O'Dennis in the syndicated comedy "The Cliffwood Avenue Kids" (1977).

He made four guest appearances on "Perry Mason", three of them as the murder victim: Martin Selkirk in the 1959 episode, "The Case of the Deadly Toy," Martin Somers in the 1962 episode, "The Case of the Tarnished Trademark," and golf pro Chick Farley in the 1966 episode, "The Case of the Golfer's Gambit." and as Prosecutor Darryl Teshman in the 1960 episode "The Case of the Prudent Prosecutor". Among his other television appearances were the roles of Jason McGuire and Paul Stoddard in "Dark Shadows", Mac in "Somerset", and in such films as "The Time Travelers" (1964), "Daddy's Gone A-Hunting" (1969), "Joe" (1970), "Dear Dead Delilah" (1972) and "Nightmare Honeymoon" (1974). He also was a stage actor, having won the Theater World Award for his starring role in "The Wayward Saint". He also portrayed Jean Paul Marat on Broadway in "Marat Sade".

Patrick appeared in more than 1,800 guest roles on television programs during his four-decade career, including stints on "Tales of Tomorrow" (1952), "Kraft Theatre" (1949–57), "Gunsmoke" (1958), "Playhouse 90" (1958), "Sugarfoot" (1959), "Buckskin" (1959), "Peter Gunn" (1959), "U.S. Marshal" (1959-1960), "77 Sunset Strip" (1960), "Bonanza" (1960, as Sam Bord in the episode "The Hopefuls"), "" (1960), "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" (1960–61); "Hawaiian Eye" (1962), "The Virginian" (episode "Big Day, Great Day" 1962), "Laramie" (1960-1963), "Perry Mason" (1959-1966), "Empire" (as Hoot Hinkley in "The Tiger Inside", 1963), "The Dakotas" (1963), "Lost in Space" (1966, as Keema "The Golden Man"), "Dark Shadows" (1967-1970), "Emergency!" (three episodes, 1972-1975), "Dallas" Dennis Patrick also appeared in Barnaby Jones; episode titled "Dangerous Summer" (02/11/1975).(1979-1984, as Vaughn Leland), "Quincy, M.E.", (three episodes, 1979–82) and "The Incredible Hulk" (as Buck Hendricks, a big game hunter looking to help news reporter Jack McGee capture "The jolly green giant") ""

Patrick played Sheriff George Patterson in the film "House of Dark Shadows" (1970). He was television's first vampire (as Dennis Harrison) in a 1950 episode of "Stage 13" (1950).

â==Personal life==
Patrick married Amelia Baines and had two children. They divorced in 1969. He remained married to actress Barbara Cason, his second wife, from 1970 until her death in 1990. Patrick died in a fire at his home in Hollywood, aged 84.

Demetria Fulton previewed Dennis Patrick in Barnaby Jones; episode titled "Dangerous Summer"(02/11/1975).



</doc>
<doc id="3213549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3213549" title="Michael Jai White">
Michael Jai White

Michael Richard Jai White (born November 10, 1967) is an American actor, director, and martial artist. He is the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture, having starred as Al Simmons, the protagonist in the 1997 film "Spawn". White appeared as Marcus Williams in the Tyler Perry films "Why Did I Get Married?" and "Why Did I Get Married Too?", and starred as the character on the TBS/OWN comedy-drama television series "Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse". White portrayed Jax Briggs in "" and the Cyborg Seth in , the return. He portrayed boxer Mike Tyson in the 1995 HBO television movie "Tyson". He also played the title role in the blaxploitation parody film "Black Dynamite", as well as the animated series of the same name.

White was born in Brooklyn, New York and moved as a teen to Bridgeport, Connecticut, where he graduated from Central High School in 1985. He later graduated from Southern Connecticut State University in New Haven, CT.

White is a martial artist in eight different styles: Shōtōkan, Goju-Ryu (for which he studied under Master Eddie Morales where he learned to sharpen his Goju karate technique), Taekwondo, Kobudō, Tang Soo Do, Wushu, Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and Kyokushin, with a specific focus in Kyokushin Karate (although his style incorporates aspects of many different martial arts forms). White started training in the martial arts at the age of seven in Brazilian jiu-jitsu. He next took up Shōtōkan and moved on to other styles later.

White is a former special education teacher and taught students with behavioral problems for three years. He cites his history in education as the reason why, despite his personal love for the music genre on "a lot of levels", he cannot "in good [conscience]" have a positive opinion on hip hop or "excuse some of [its] pervasive and destructive elements", mainly due to his experience with youngsters who had difficulty seeing the difference between it and real life.

White's first major starring role and breakout performance was in the 1995 HBO film "Tyson", as heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson. He portrayed the eponymous character in the 1997 movie "Spawn", making him the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture. His work in "Spawn" earned him a nomination for the "Blockbuster Entertainment Award" . White starred opposite Jean-Claude Van Damme in "", in 1999. A few years earlier, he acted in Full Contact, with Jerry Trimble. In 2001, he also starred opposite fellow martial artist Steven Seagal in "Exit Wounds". In 2003, he starred in Busta Rhymes' and Mariah Carey's music video "I Know What You Want". Since 2003, in addition to his on screen roles, White has been doing voice work, including "Static Shock" and the "Justice League". White showcases his martial arts skills in the direct-to-DVD film "". He also appears in Michelle Yeoh's "Silver Hawk" in 2004. He appeared in "", although his role was cut from the theatrical release. His film "Why Did I Get Married?" opened at number one at the box office on October 12, 2007.

White played the role of the mob boss Gambol in the 2008 film "The Dark Knight". He also starred in the film "Blood and Bone" and the blaxploitation homage "Black Dynamite", both released in 2009. White wrote the scripts for both "Black Dynamite" and his upcoming "3 Bullets" in which he stars with Bokeem Woodbine.

On March 30, 2010, White appeared on "The Mo'Nique Show" to promote his film "Why Did I Get Married Too". The two joked about the acclaim that comes with winning an Oscar. In May of that year he appeared in the music video for Toni Braxton's new song "Hands Tied" from her album "Pulse", as well as the Nicki Minaj music video for "Your Love" as Nicki's sensei and love interest.

He also starred in Kevin Tancharoen's short film "", as Jax Briggs, and reprised the role in "", a webseries from the same director. He recently posted on Twitter that he would not be returning to the role for the second season, but would return for the 2013 film.

White made his directorial debut and starred in "", which was released on home video on September 13, 2011.

White also provided the voice of Green Lantern in the video game "Justice League Heroes".

From 2005 to 2011 White was married to Courtney Chatham and together they have a daughter named Morgan. In addition, White has two sons. In February 2014, White announced his engagement to actress Gillian Iliana Waters. In July 2015 White married Waters in an intimate, but extravagant ceremony in Thailand. In April 2015, White penned an endearing open letter via Facebook entitled "Apologies to My Ex's", where he credited Waters for helping him become, "the very best version of myself." In 2014, he was honored with the Fists of Legends Decade Award at the Urban Action Showcase & Expo at HBO.
On November 8, 2019 he assumed "The Mantle of The Black Dragon" from Ron van Clief, Don "The Dragon" Wilson, Cynthia Rothrock, and Taimak, in a ceremony at the 2019 Urban Action Showcase & Expo at AMC 25, NYC.



</doc>
<doc id="3214260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3214260" title="Paul F. Tompkins">
Paul F. Tompkins

Paul Francis Tompkins (born September 12, 1968) is an American comedian, actor, and writer. He is known for his work in television on such programs as "Mr. Show with Bob and David", "Real Time with Bill Maher", and "Best Week Ever", later renamed "Best Week Ever with Paul F. Tompkins".

He is known for his numerous appearances on podcasts, including his 200-plus appearances on "Comedy Bang! Bang!" He has also been the host of the Fusion Channel talk show "No, You Shut Up!", "The Dead Authors Podcast", the online Made Man interview series "Speakeasy with Paul F. Tompkins", the Earwolf podcast "Spontaneanation with Paul F. Tompkins", and "The Pod F. Tompkast", which was ranked #1 by "Rolling Stone" on their list of "The 10 Best Comedy Podcasts of the Moment" in 2011.

He is also a main cast member of the "Superego" podcast and was a regular player on "Thrilling Adventure Hour" podcast, which ended in 2015. Tompkins is the voice of Mr. Peanutbutter, an anthropomorphic yellow , on the Netflix animated series "BoJack Horseman". He has also appeared in drama films like "There Will Be Blood" and "The Informant!"

In December 2014, "Paste" named his Twitter one of "The 75 Best Twitter Accounts of 2014" ranking it at #70.

Paul Francis Tompkins was born September 12, 1968 in Mount Airy, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He has two brothers (one older, one younger) and three sisters (all older).

In 1986 Tompkins first performed comedy at 17 years of age at The Comedy Works in Philadelphia (a club now located in Bristol, Pennsylvania) where he performed as half of a sketch comedy duo with Rick Roman. Tompkins attended Temple University; however, he dropped out and left for Los Angeles, California in 1994.

Tompkins met actor Jay Johnston in L.A. through their mutual friend, actor and director Adam McKay. McKay and Tompkins had become friends in Philadelphia, where they had both started to perform stand-up at around the same time. McKay later moved to Chicago and met Johnston; Johnston moved to L.A. at around the same time as Tompkins and McKay introduced the two. Tompkins and Johnston went on to create a live sketch comedy show called "The Skates" that was seen by Bob Odenkirk and David Cross and helped get them hired to work on "Mr. Show with Bob and David" in 1996.

Tompkins's comedy career has included stand-up, sketch comedy and a variety of other live performances.

Tompkins stand-up comedy performances are of a storytelling and observationalist style. His shows often consist of extended riffs and long anecdotes. Tompkins deals with topics of the bizarre and the absurd—such as a rant about peanut brittle, a discussion about cake versus pie, and smashed coins—in addition to recounting stories about his own life experiences and family. His comedic style has been described as alternative comedy; Tompkins has stated that he is not bothered by the label and that he likes the term.

Tompkins is known for his style of dress during his live comedic performances, always performing in suit and tie, sometimes in pinstripes and with a bowtie; his look has been described by some in the press as "dapper". Tompkins has described his look as "foppish" and "just this side of Cedric the Entertainer."

Tompkins is based in Los Angeles and performs regularly in the city. Since 2002 he has performed a monthly show called "The Paul F. Tompkins Show" at Largo, an L.A. nightclub and cabaret. His show has featured such guests such as Fiona Apple, Jack Black, Dave Foley, Zach Galifianakis, Ed Helms, Aimee Mann, and Weird Al Yankovic. Since its inception in 2005, Tompkins has taken part in the "Thrilling Adventure Hour", a staged production in the style of old-time radio that is also held monthly at Largo. The show began podcasting in January 2011; in October of that same year the show's podcasts moved to the Nerdist Industries podcast network created by Chris Hardwick. Tompkins is a member of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre (UCB) Los Angeles. His comedy album "Impersonal" was recorded live at the UCB Theatre. He also performs monthly at the "Dead Authors" show at UCB Theatre in support of the nonprofit organization 826LA; Tompkins plays the role of H.G. Wells who serves as the host of the show.

Tompkins has toured in the US and Canada and prefers to perform in independent venues, rather than conventional comedy clubs. Starting in 2009 he embarked on his "Tompkins 300" tour; Tompkins had been preparing for his one-hour Comedy Central special "You Should Have Told Me" at the Laughing Skull Lounge theatre in Atlanta, Georgia—a small theatre that seats about 74 people. In order to fill the seats for the recording of his special, Tompkins required about 280 people in the audience over the course of four nights for the recording of his show. Tompkins decided to announce on Twitter that he needed 300 people to fill the seats each night; Bob Kerr, a Canadian comedian, saw the Twitter post and asked if Tompkins would like to perform in Toronto. Tompkins advised Kerr that if he was able to get 300 people to state that they would definitely see his show he would come to Toronto. Kerr then started a Facebook group called "I Wanna See Paul F. Tompkins in Toronto" and managed to get 300 people to join. In October of that same year Tompkins performed at The Rivoli theatre in Toronto, the same theatre in which the sketch comedy troupe "The Kids in the Hall" got their start. Facebook groups were subsequently started in other North American cities and in 2010 he stated that he had stopped promoting his shows on the radio. In 2011 he said that the Facebook 300 groups had become his main method of booking comedy shows.

Tompkins wrote and performed in his one-man show, "Driven to Drink" which aired on HBO in 1998. He appeared on 6 episodes of "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" between 1998 and 2008 as well as two episodes of "Conan" in 2011 and 2012. He has recorded three comedy albums: "Impersonal" in 2007, "Freak Wharf" in 2009, and "Laboring Under Delusions" in 2012. His stand-up appearances on the Comedy Central network include being featured in episodes of "Comedy Central Presents" in 2003 and 2007, hosting an episode of "Live at Gotham" in 2009, performing on "John Oliver's New York Stand Up Show" in 2010, and recording two original one-hour comedy specials—"You Should Have Told Me" which aired in 2010 and "Paul F. Tompkins: Laboring Under Delusions" in 2012. He also appeared in the RiffTrax live broadcast of "House on Haunted Hill".

Tompkins wrote for and performed on "Mr. Show with Bob and David" from 1995 to 1998; the show's writers, including Tompkins, were nominated for an Emmy Award in 1998 for "Outstanding Writing for a Variety or Music Program".

Tompkins's work with Mr. Show's creators Bob Odenkirk and David Cross also led to his recurring role on the "Tenacious D" TV series. Tompkins played the character of a nightclub manager who is duped into reading Tenacious D's ridiculous introductions during their open mic performances. He revived the role in the comedic band's film "Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny" released in 2006.

Longtime friend Adam McKay consulted Tompkins regarding the screenplay for "Talladega Nights". Tompkins also played the MC of a cat show in McKay's "".

Tompkins has appeared on television programs including "NewsRadio", "Frasier", "Weeds", "The Sarah Silverman Program", "Pushing Daisies", "Community", and "Curb Your Enthusiasm". Tompkins played the role of Prescott in Paul Thomas Anderson's film "There Will Be Blood" (2007); Anderson had previously cast Tompkins in a small role in the 1999 film "Magnolia" after watching Tompkins perform at Largo. Tompkins also played FBI Agent Anthony D’Angelo in Steven Soderbergh's "The Informant!" (2009). He has a recurring role in the Canadian TV series "The L.A. Complex" as a fictionalized version of himself. He also appeared in the music video for Nick Lowe's song "Stoplight Roses" and in the Ted Leo and the Pharmacists song "Bottled In Cork". Tompkins wrote for "Real Time with Bill Maher" in 2003 and 2009, in addition to being a show correspondent in the show's first season. In 2011 Tompkins was asked to write humorous recaps of "American Idol" episodes for "New York" magazine's online blog "Vulture".

Tompkins has expressed in interviews that he dislikes writing (particularly writing for others), preferring instead to perform in front of a camera.

Tompkins has done voice work for many animated television series including "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist", "King of the Hill", and "Bob's Burgers", in which he voices the recurring character Randy. He lent his voice to a character in an unaired 2007 episode of "Aqua Teen Hunger Force" titled "Boston" that was supposed to be the premiere episode of the show's fifth season, but it was pulled by Turner Broadcasting System to avoid further controversy surrounding the 2007 Boston bomb scare. Tompkins later appeared in an episode during the show's 7th season. He was also the voice of one of the thugs in Walt Disney Animation Studios' 2010 computer animated film "Tangled". Tompkins was the voice of Benton Criswell, a character in MTV series "Super Adventure Team" which featured marionettes in the style of the 1960s British series "Thunderbirds"; the role was credited under the stage name Francis Mt. Pleasant. He was the voice of a puppet in ads for the Ford Focus. Tompkins plays Mr. Peanutbutter in the 2014 Netflix original animated series "BoJack Horseman". Tompkins voices the recurring character, Gladstone Gander, in the reboot series of "DuckTales".

Tompkins has appeared on several television programs devoted to discussing politics, popular culture and current events; however, he says he does not consider himself to be a political comic.

Tompkins was a contributor to the "Us People's Weekly Entertainment" segment of "The Daily Show" in 1998. In 2003 he was a writer and correspondent for "Real Time with Bill Maher" in the show's first season and wrote again for the show in 2009. He appeared on "Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn" in 2004. In 2004 he also became a pop culture analyst on VH1's "Best Week Ever"; in 2008 the show was retooled and relaunched as "Best Week Ever with Paul F. Tompkins" with Tompkins as host. From 2006 to 2008 he was a regular guest on "Countdown with Keith Olbermann". In 2008 he appeared on "Lewis Black's Root of All Evil" and took part in a panel on "Larry King Live" in an episode titled "Politics & Humor".

Tompkins has appeared in documentaries such as Jamie Kennedy's "Heckler" (2007) and Doug Benson's "Super High Me" (2007). He also appeared in "The Bitter Buddha" (2013), a documentary about the career of actor and comedian Eddie Pepitone.

Tompkins later became the host of a discussion show called "No, You Shut Up!" by The Jim Henson Company under its Henson Alternative banner.

In 2010 Tompkins launched his podcast called "The Pod F. Tompkast". The podcast was a mixture of Tompkins discussing various topics, clips from his live show at Largo, and segments where Tompkins voices a variety of celebrities speaking with one another. Comedian Jen Kirkman was a regular contributor on the show. The podcast ended in 2012.

The "Thrilling Adventure Hour" comedy show at Largo began podcasting in January 2011; in October of that same year the show's podcasts moved to the Nerdist Industries podcast network created by Chris Hardwick. The show ended in 2015.

"Dead Authors", a live show that Tompkins hosts at the UCB Theatre in Los Angeles, also began podcasting in September 2011.

In May 2012 Tompkins started a weekly web series called "Speakeasy". Hosted by the Break Media site MadeMan.com, the series features Tompkins interviewing various guests in the entertainment industry, such as Ty Burrell, Nathan Fillion, Zach Galifianakis, Chris Hardwick, Oscar Nunez, Weird Al Yankovic, and Alison Brie. The interviews are conducted as casual conversations between Tompkins and his guests over cocktails at various bars in the L.A. area.

Tompkins has appeared well over 200 times as a guest, and occasionally as a guest host, on "Comedy Bang! Bang!" (formerly "Comedy Death-Ray Radio"), a weekly audio podcast hosted by Scott Aukerman, a comedian who also wrote for "Mr. Show with Bob and David". The show's format mixes conversation between the host and guests, and usually includes improv games. Some guests play characters or impersonate certain celebrities, usually for the entirety of the episode; Paul F. Tompkins has impersonated celebrities such as rapper Ice-T, composer Andrew Lloyd Webber, and Buddy Valastro from the reality television series "Cake Boss".

In addition to Aukerman's "Comedy Bang! Bang!", Tompkins has appeared on the podcasts of other fellow comedians such as "WTF with Marc Maron", Jimmy Pardo's "Never Not Funny", Jessica Chaffin and Jamie Denbo's "Ronna and Beverly" podcast, and the "Superego" podcast with Jeremy Carter, Matt Gourley, and Mark McConville. Tompkins has also been a regular guest on the radio show and podcast "The Best Show on WFMU with Tom Scharpling".

In 2015, Tompkins created his own podcast on the Earwolf podcast network called "Spontaneanation with Paul F. Tompkins". This podcast is similar to the "Pod F. Tompkast"; however, "Spontaneanation" is fully improvised and in-the-moment, as opposed to the "Tompkast", which was highly produced. "Spontaneanation" begins with an improvised monologue, accompanied on piano by Eban Schletter, much like the "Pod F. Tompkast". The next segment is an interview with one of Tompkins's famous friends. The final segment is one long improvised story performed by Paul and guest improvisers, based on ideas discussed in the interview segment. The podcast ended in 2019.

Tompkins is married to actress Janie Haddad Tompkins.

In 2017, Tompkins stated on Twitter that he was once a Catholic, but later went on to become an atheist.


Tompkins is known for his many podcast appearances, as well as hosting a few of his own. He is often referred to as the mayor of podcasts.



</doc>
<doc id="3214603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3214603" title="Bill Smitrovich">
Bill Smitrovich

William Stanley Zmitrowicz Jr. (born May 16, 1947), known professionally as Bill Smitrovich, is an American actor.

Smitrovich was born in Bridgeport, Connecticut, the son of Anna (née Wojna) and Stanley William Zmitrowicz, a tool and die maker. He is of Polish descent. Bill is a graduate of the University of Bridgeport (1972) and holds an MFA from Smith College (1976). He is married to Shaw Purnell from Pittsburgh, PA. They have a son, Alexander John, and a daughter Maya Christina, four years younger.

Smitrovich has starred in a number of television series. His first prominent TV series role was in the 1980s series "Crime Story" as Det. Sgt. Danny Krychek. He went on to star in the hit drama series "Life Goes On" (1989–93). Smitrovich was the lead guest star in the pilot film of the 1980s crime drama hit series "Miami Vice". He also appeared in the final episode of "NYPD Blue". He has also been seen in "The Henry Lee Project" with Danny Glover. In 1996, Smitrovich was cast as Seattle police lieutenant Bob Bletcher in "Millennium", created and produced by Chris Carter, the creator of "The X-Files". He is perhaps best known for his roles on the A&E series "A Nero Wolfe Mystery" (based on the Nero Wolfe detective stories by Rex Stout) as Inspector Cramer, and on the ABC hit series "The Practice" as Assistant District Attorney Kenneth Walsh and then went on to "Without a Trace", where he played the recurring character of Chief Alex Olcyk. In 2010 he starred in the NBC series "The Event" as Vice President Raymond Jarvis.

Smitrovich has also played a number of characters in military roles. These include "Independence Day" (1996), "Air Force One" (1997), "Thirteen Days" (2000), "Fail Safe" (2000), and "Eagle Eye" (2008).

He has made many guest appearances on various television shows. His best-known appearances include the two-part "" third-season episode "Past Tense," "24", "Numb3rs", "NYPD Blue", "Touched by an Angel", "", "Criminal Minds", "Castle", and the "Dynasty" reboot.

Smitrovich has also starred in several television movies, playing Alexander Haig in the 2003 biographical TV miniseries "The Reagans", as well as filling roles in "Futuresport" (1998) and in "The '60s" miniseries (1999). On film, Smitrovich's roles include the Stephen King adaptation "Silver Bullet" (1985), "Renegades" (1989), "The Trigger Effect" (1996), "Gridiron Gang" (2006), and the Marvel Comics superhero movie "Iron Man" (2008).

Bill played the role of Mr. Zimburger in the Johnny Depp film "The Rum Diary". He also appeared as the head of the CIA, Hanley, in Pierce Brosnan's movie "The November Man".



</doc>
<doc id="3214830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3214830" title="John Maxwell (actor)">
John Maxwell (actor)

John Maxwell (March 11, 1918 in Spokane, Washington – July 18, 1982) was an American film and television actor who appeared in more than 100 films of the 1940s and 1950s. Many times the actor appeared in films uncredited. Occasionally he played larger roles in films, such as in "The Prowler" (1951). He was born in Spokane, Washington. His television guest appearances included "The Lone Ranger", "Lassie", "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", "The Rifleman" and "Bonanza".

Maxwell also starred as Pappy Sawyer in Disneyland's television miniseries "The Nine Lives of Elfego Baca".




</doc>
<doc id="3215021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3215021" title="Erik von Detten">
Erik von Detten

Erik Thomas von Detten (born October 3, 1982) is a former American actor and voice actor. He is known for his roles in "Escape to Witch Mountain", "Toy Story", "Brink!", "Meego", "The Princess Diaries", "Complete Savages", and "So Weird".

One of von Detten's earliest roles was Nicholas Alamain on the daytime soap opera "Days of Our Lives" from 1992 until 1993, appearing in 55 episodes. Nicholas was revealed to be the secret son of Lawrence Alamain (Michael Sabatino) and Carly Manning (Crystal Chappell), two of the show's major characters. As a result, von Detten was heavily involved in some of the show's main storylines, despite only being 10 years old at the time. Perhaps the most notable storyline during von Detten's time on the soap was Nicholas's accidental killing of his father's lover Lisanne Gardner, who had been attempting to blackmail Vivian Alamein over the secret of Nicholas's parentage.

In 1995, when he was 13, Von Detten provided the voice of the villainous toy-destroyer Sid Phillips in the hit movie "Toy Story". He starred in the ABC family original movie "Christmas Every Day" in 1996, played Wally Cleaver in the 1997 film "Leave It to Beaver", and in 1998, had the lead as the title character in the Disney Channel original movie "Brink!". Von Detten also appeared in a theatrical release as the jerk Josh Bryant in "The Princess Diaries" in 2001. In addition, he has made several television appearances in shows such as "Dinotopia" (2002), the first celebrity edition of the ABC reality show "The Mole", the third season's "Celebrity Mole Hawaii" (2003), in which he was runner-up, as well as the Disney Channel's "So Weird", and Fox's "Malcolm in the Middle". Von Detten has also played the part of Chris Savage in the short-lived sitcom "Complete Savages". 

In 2007, he made his stage debut in the children's play "The Christmas Princess" in Santa Monica. In 2009, he was featured in the music video "Wanted" by pop singer Jessie James. In 2010, he made a brief cameo appearance in "Toy Story 3" reprising his role as Sid Phillips, who is now a garbageman in his 20s.

As of 2018, Von Detten worked for Rosland Capital, a precious metals asset management firm.

Erik Thomas von Detten was born in San Diego, California. He is the son of Susan von Detten (née Farber), a photographer, and Volker von Detten. His father is an immigrant from Munich, Germany, and his mother is of English and Russian-Jewish descent. He has three sisters, Dolly, Britta, and Andrea, and a brother, Timothy. Erik's family moved to a 2-story house in El Segundo, California when he was a young child. In El Segundo, Erik attended the local public elementary school, and was a member of the Cub Scouts.


</doc>
<doc id="3216006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3216006" title="Jerry Penacoli">
Jerry Penacoli

Jerry Penacoli (born July 9, 1956) is an American actor and entertainment reporter, currently with the US syndicated magazine show "Extra".

Before going national, Penacoli served as a newscaster and talk show host in several markets starting in Jacksonville, Florida, then WTVJ in Miami, where Jerry served as host of "PM Magazine" in the early 1980s, and then Philadelphia. He was an evening news anchor for the Philadelphia TV station KYW-TV (an NBC affiliate at the time), from the mid-1980s until he moved to New York City in 1990, and also did double duty during his final two years at KYW as host of their local talk show "People Are Talking". He later relocated to Hollywood in 1992.

Penacoli worked on the tabloid show "Hard Copy" from 1996 to 1999. He also served as the first male host of Lifetime's "Attitudes" with Linda Dano. Prior to Warner Brothers, his broadcasting career included stints at E! Entertainment television, where he hosted the entertainment network's live coverage of premieres and events, and Paramount Television. He also co-hosted "Richard Simmons' Dream Maker" with Richard Simmons and Kat Carney in Fall 1999. As of February 4, 2013, Penacoli has served as co-host on the syndicated morning television program "Daytime" out of Tampa, Florida, which is seen in more than 130 U.S. markets.

His credits include several daytime soaps as principal characters and guest-starring roles on numerous sitcoms and dramas as well as film roles, including "Woman on Top" with Penélope Cruz and "Galaxy Quest" with Tim Allen and Sigourney Weaver.

Penacoli was a special guest as the host of The Scoop in an episode of Williams Street's "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!".

Penacoli was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and grew up in the Marlton section of Evesham Township, New Jersey. He attended grade school at St. Joan of Arc grade school in Marlton and high school at Holy Cross High School in Delran Township, New Jersey. Penacoli resides in the Tampa Bay area of Florida and is an artist in his spare time. In 2011, Penacoli revealed on Extra that he was diagnosed with stage three melanoma, resulting in surgery and protracted hospitalization. He was also diagnosed with early-stage thyroid cancer at that time. Penacoli later announced to viewers that he had been declared cancer-free. In 2016, Jerry successfully underwent open heart surgery.



</doc>
<doc id="3218480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3218480" title="Katt Williams">
Katt Williams

Micah Sierra "Katt" Williams (born September 2, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, rapper, singer, and voice actor. He had a role as Money Mike in "Friday After Next", had a stint on "Wild 'n Out", portrayed Bobby Shaw in "My Wife and Kids", provided the voice of A Pimp Named Slickback in "The Boondocks", Seamus in "", and portrayed Lord Have Mercy in "Norbit". In 2008, he voiced himself in the video game "Grand Theft Auto IV".

Williams was born Micah Sierra Williams on September 2, 1971 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was raised in Dayton, Ohio. Williams emancipated himself from his parents at the age of 13, moved to Florida, and supported himself as a street vendor.

Williams started performing comedy in his Cincinnati neighborhood, Evanston.

Williams honed his comic delivery by performing his routine in clubs nationwide, from Oklahoma to Oakland. By 1999, Katt had become an established comic, appearing on stage at the likes of The Improv, The Comedy Club, The Icehouse and The Hollywood Park Casino. Most notably he appeared on BET's "Comic View" as Katt "In the Hat" Williams.

Williams starred in his first comedy special in 2006 entitled "Katt Williams: Live: Let a Playa Play". His second & first HBO stand-up special was 2006's "The Pimp Chronicles, Pt. 1". In 2007 Williams was offered a movie/standup which he entitled "American Hustle". The film had critical success and established Williams as a mainstream comedian. In 2008 Williams released his second HBO comedy special entitled "It's Pimpin' Pimpin"', with Williams doing more political standup. Keeping busy releasing comedy DVDs and touring, Williams had a comedy tour that was named the best of 2008 by Billboard. In 2012, after a four-year hiatus, Williams returned to stand up in his third HBO comedy special, entitled "Kattpacalypse".

On December 3, 2012, Williams announced the end of his stand-up comedy career, a day after a bizarre incident in Seattle, Washington that landed him in jail. However, just 3 days later, Williams announced he was coming out of retirement.

As of late 2013, Williams was on his "Growth Spurt" Tour.

On August 16, 2014, Williams returned with a new HBO special titled "Katt Williams: Priceless: Afterlife", which was directed by Spike Lee.

On September 3, 2015, during an interview, Williams announced and described his upcoming tour entitled "Conspiracy Theory" stating,
The conspiracy conversation is a conversation that we are all familiar with. We know that there are conspiracies out there, but this is a conversation that encompasses a lot of things that aren't being discussed other places. That's the basis for all conspiracy theories: the fact that there is hidden information out there, and how our process changes about things that we thought we used to know. We all, at some point, if we're are at a certain age, we grew up thinking Pluto was a planet. This is probably going to go down as one of my finest works, just because it's a collection of forbidden topics that we can't seem to get answered. I am one of the rare urban public officials. Part of my guarantee in my ticket price is that I'm going to be talking about what we are talking about now, and discussing from now to the next time we see [me] again. This is the open discussion that we've had since 2003. This is what it is about.
In 2018, Katt Williams released a new stand up special on Netflix, shot in Jacksonville, Florida, titled "Great America".

In 2002, Williams made his acting debut on "NYPD Blue". He gained notoriety on "Wild 'n Out", in which he appeared for several seasons. Williams also appeared in the official music video for Wild 'n Out colleague Nick Cannon's single 'Gigolo' in 2003.

In 2007, he provided the voice of A Pimp Named Slickback in "The Boondocks"; he plays himself as an on-stage stand-up comedian in "Grand Theft Auto IV" performing several routines, including an abbreviated version of one of his routines from ""; and Williams has appeared in several episodes of "My Wife and Kids" as character Bobby Shaw. He was also the roastmaster of the Comedy Central Roast of Flavor Flav.

Williams has also played supporting characters in films, such as "First Sunday" and "Norbit", but is more widely recognized for his character Money Mike in "Friday After Next".

He has also used the Money Mike stage name when rapping for songs by such artists as Baby Bash, The Game, and Suga Free. In 2006 Williams joined well-known New York rapper Cam'ron's group the Diplomats but was never signed as an official artist for the label. On January 29, 2009 Williams released his debut studio/live album entitled "It's Pimpin' Pimpin'". On November 19, 2013 Williams & Hell Rell released a diss song to Atlanta rapper Trinidad James entitled "Lames In The Game" due to comments made by the rapper about the state of current hip hop music.

On August 27, 2011, his performance at the Celebrity Theatre in Phoenix, Arizona was marred by an incident during which Williams responded to a heckler, identified as being of Mexican descent, with an angry tirade that included Williams shouting "...so if you love Mexico, bitch, get the fuck over there!" In an interview following the performance, Williams stated that the incident was precipitated by the heckler. "If a person starts their heckling with 'f' America, then that gives me the right to defend my country," Williams said. Williams offered no apology for his remarks during the performance, stating "I don't think I need to apologize for being pro-American."

Two live performances in November 2012 ended early because of Williams' confrontational behavior. A November 1 performance at the Wells Fargo Theatre in Denver ended after Williams jumped off the stage to confront a heckler. A November 16 performance at the Oracle Arena in Oakland ended after Williams again entered into a profanity-laced confrontation with a heckler and was assisted off stage by his own security staff.

On November 13, 2006, Williams was arrested at Los Angeles International Airport after a stolen gun was found in his briefcase. On December 14, 2006, Williams pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor count of carrying a concealed firearm and was sentenced to three years' probation, ordered to pay restitution, and was given credit for the three days he spent in jail.

In November 2010, Williams was arrested by police while working on a film in Coweta County, Georgia. He was accused of stealing $3,500 worth of coins and jewelry. He was released the following day on a $40,000 bond. Police later charged Williams with burglary and criminal trespass.

On June 11, 2011, Williams was arrested in connection with an alleged assault on a tractor driver. The alleged victim said three women approached his tractor at around 4:30 p.m. local time and attacked him with rocks and dirt clods, causing him facial injuries. Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department officers arrived on the scene and arrested the three women for assault with a deadly weapon and Williams for felony intimidation of a witness. Williams was booked into jail and released that same night on $50,000 bail.

On November 15, 2012, he was arrested in Oakland, California on charges of suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon for allegedly beating an 18-year-old Berkeley, California man with a bottle aboard Williams' tour bus.

An attendee of Williams' shortened November 16, 2012 performance at the Oracle Arena in Oakland filed a class action lawsuit days after the event, seeking compensation for himself and "all others who paid money for a show and got nothing but Katt Williams' nonperformance."

On December 2, 2012, he was arrested in Seattle after he allegedly got into a dispute at a bar in South Lake Union. Williams' arrest came after his no-show November 29, 2012 for the first night of a planned two-night engagement at the Paramount Theatre. Five days later, Williams was arrested in Dunnigan, California on a bench warrant arising from a November 25, 2012, incident in Sacramento during which he allegedly drove a three-wheeled motorbike on a sidewalk and refused to stop for police. The resulting chase was halted due to safety concerns, and the bench warrant issued, after Williams narrowly missed several bystanders.

On December 28, 2012, Williams was arrested in Los Angeles on child endangerment charges. He was held in lieu of $100,000 bail, and his four children were placed in protective custody.

On January 8, 2013, he was arrested at his LA home after failing to appear in Sacramento to answer the November 25 motorbike charges.

On October 29, 2014, Williams and Suge Knight were arrested for the theft of a camera from a female photographer in Beverly Hills on September 5. In April 2017 Williams plead no contest to the charge of robbery and was ordered to undertake a year of anger management charges as well as receiving three years' probation.

On February 29, 2016, Williams was arrested in Gainesville, Georgia when a clerk at a swimming-pool store said Katt hit him. Katt was lying face down with his hands behind his back when police arrived.

On April 27, 2016, Williams was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia and charged with battery after allegedly throwing a salt shaker at the manager of Spondivits, a local restaurant. The manager claimed to have been hit in the mouth with the salt shaker when Williams' group was denied preferential seating.

He was arrested July 24, 2016 on suspicion of battery after an altercation with a woman at the Sportsman's Lodge, a hotel in Sherman Oaks, California.

On September 15, 2016, Williams was arrested in Fulton County, Georgia, on a charge of second-degree criminal damage to property, after having turned himself in on a warrant for failing to appear in court for the April 27 incident. This new arrest involved a February 28, 2016, allegation that the comedian threw a man's cellphone.

On October 6, 2018 Williams was arrested in Portland, Oregon on a charge of assault in the fourth degree, after he assaulted a town car driver during an argument about his dog. Williams was additionally arrested on an outstanding warrant from Georgia.

Williams briefly joined the Nation of Islam while living in the San Francisco Bay Area. He often wears the cross during his shows as symbol of his Christian faith.

Williams is the father of eight children, including two biological children named Micah and Jessica, and 6 adopted children. His son, Micah Stephen Williams is an actor who is best known for playing "Emmett" from the Disney Channel series, "Good Luck Charlie".

In 2007, Williams was nominated for the Teen Choice Awards Choice Comedian Award.

In 2018, Williams was nominated for the Creative Arts Emmy Awards for Best Comedy Guest Actor. He won the Emmy for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series for his appearance on the show Atlanta.



</doc>
<doc id="3218917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3218917" title="Peter Mark Richman">
Peter Mark Richman

Peter Mark Richman (born April 16, 1927) is an American actor who has starred in films and on television, who was for many years credited as Mark Richman. He appeared in over 30 films and over 130 television series from the 1950s until his retirement in 2011.

Born Marvin Jack Richman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Jewish parents, he is the son of Yetta Dora (née Peck) and Benjamin Richman, a painting and paper-hanger contractor. He has been married to actress Helen (Landess) Richman since 1953, and they have five children together, including composer and Grammy Award-winning conductor Lucas Richman.

Making his feature film debut in William Wyler's 1956 film "Friendly Persuasion", Richman was, by that time, already a regularly employed television actor, as well as a member of New York's Actors Studio, a resource of which he would avail himself frequently until moving to Los Angeles in 1961. He played Nicholas "Nick" Cain in the 1961 films "The Murder Men" and "The Crimebusters". He reprised his role as Nicholas Cain in the NBC television series "Cain's Hundred". Richman's other TV roles were on the soap opera "Santa Barbara" as Channing Creighton 'C.C.' Capwell (1984), "Longstreet" as Duke Paige, on the ABC soap opera "Dynasty" as Andrew Laird (1981–1984), and a recurring role on "Three's Company" (1978–1979) as Chrissy's father, Rev. Luther Snow. He guest starred on "Beverly Hills, 90210". His other films include "" (1989) and "Vic" (2005).

His television credits include "Hawaii Five O", "Justice", "The Fall Guy", "The DuPont Show with June Allyson", "Stoney Burke", "Breaking Point", "The Fugitive", "The Outer Limits", "Blue Light", "The Invaders", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "The Wild Wild West", "Bonanza", "Daniel Boone", "The Silent Force", "Get Christie Love!", "The Bionic Woman", "Knight Rider", "Three's Company" and "Matlock". He was often seen on "" and "Combat!", as well as other shows of that era. He appeared as Ralph Offenhouse in ""'s first season episode "". Richman starred in the penultimate filmed episode of "The Twilight Zone", called "The Fear". He voiced The Phantom in the animated series "Defenders of the Earth".

His most recent film credits are "Mysteria" and "After the Wizard", both released in 2011. Richman sits on the Board of Trustees of the Motion Picture and Television Fund.


http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2018/06/01/threes-company-actor-peter-mark-richman-reveals-what-it-was-like-working-with-suzanne-somers-sophia-loren.html


</doc>
<doc id="3221548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3221548" title="Barry Pearl">
Barry Pearl

Barry Pearl (born Barry Lee Pearl in Lancaster, Pennsylvania on March 29, 1950) is an American actor.

Pearl is best known for his role as "Doody", one of the three supporting T-Birds, in the 1978 film version of "Grease". He also had a cameo as Mr. Weaver in the "" television special on FOX in 2016.

He played "Professor Tinkerputt" in the primetime special "Barney's Imagination Island" and the US tour of "Barney's Big Surprise", a stage production based on the popular TV showas well as a video of the same name. 

He also starred in an episode of Disney Channel's "Even Stevens". He began his career in 1961 replacing Johnny Borden as “Randolph MaAfee” in Broadway’s "Bye Birdie". Other Broadway credits include "Oliver!" in 1962, "A Teaspoon Every Four Hours" in 1969, "The Producers" in 2005, "Lenny's Back" in 2008 and "Baby It's You!" in 2011. In 2012 he starred in the Lionsgate release "The Newest Pledge". He also starred as "Arnold" in the national tour of "Happy Days, A New Musical". In 2014, he was part of the series "Summer with Cimorelli".

During the summers he teaches film arts all across the US to the special needs community with Joey Travolta’s Inclusion Film Company.



</doc>
<doc id="3222106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3222106" title="Jim Bannon">
Jim Bannon

James Shorttel Bannon (April 9, 1911 – July 28, 1984) was a radio announcer and Hollywood Western film actor known for his work on the "I Love a Mystery" and "Red Ryder" series during the 1940s and 1950s.

Born in 1911 in Kansas City, Missouri, Bannon attended Rockhurst High School and Rockhurst University, where he played football, baseball, and polo. In 1944, he was ineligible (classified 4-F) for World War II service, owing to an ulcer, and therefore served as a civilian flight instructor.

Bannon began his broadcasting career on local radio station KCKN, then briefly at KMOX in St. Louis. He moved to Los Angeles in 1937, beginning his show business career in radio as an announcer on "The Great Gildersleeve", "The Chase and Sanborn Hour", and "Stars over Hollywood", among others, with his most prominent acting role being that of Detective Jack Packard in the serial "I Love a Mystery". A motion-picture adaptation of the show, with Bannon reprising his radio character, was released by Columbia Pictures in 1945 in hopes of launching a franchise, but only two additional pictures would be produced; he later described the original film as "a weakened product" in his 1975 autobiography.

Bannon left radio in 1946 to sign with Columbia as a contract player in his attempt to become a Western movie star, but then left the very next year for Republic Pictures. He first served as a stuntman and double before being cast as the lead in his first picture with the company, the 1948 serial "Dangers of the Canadian Mounted". While filming "The Man from Colorado" (1949), Bannon punched director Charles Vidor during an on-set altercation. Vidor was later fired from the production because of conflicts with star William Holden and replaced by Henry Levin, who had directed Bannon in the "I Love a Mystery" film adaptation. Bannon teamed with Whip Wilson and Fuzzy Knight in five low-budget Westerns for Monogram Pictures, all released in 1951.

Bannon is best known for being the last of four actors to portray the fictional cowboy Red Ryder in the long-running B-movie series, completing between 1949 and 1950 what would be the final four pictures in the franchise that were distributed by Eagle-Lion Films, after Republic had let its series rights expire. Bannon openly campaigned for the part by outfitting his car with a Texas Longhorn hood ornament and a Colt 45-style gearshift knob while dressing in Western attire. Upon being cast, he dyed his salt-and-pepper hair red and regularly visited a hairstylist in Louisville, Kentucky, to keep it maintained. Bannon said in 1965 that it was the "toughest part of" playing Red Ryder, "since the pictures were in color." His offscreen requirements in portraying the character included making personal appearances in costume across the country, in addition to a stint with the Tom Packs Circus in 1950.

Following the end of the "Red Ryder" series, Bannon appeared in films of varying genres before transitioning to Western roles on television. He had a starring role in Flying A Productions' 1955 series "The Adventures of Champion", which lasted for one 26-episode season. He then filmed two guest appearances on another Flying A show, "Annie Oakley", the next year. Meanwhile, he and fellow Red Ryder actor Allan "Rocky" Lane shot separate pilots for a proposed television series in 1951 and 1955, respectively, but both failed to sell. Bannon relocated to Chicago in 1955 to film one season of soap opera "Hawkins Falls, Population 6200".

Bannon worked sporadically in the 1960s with bit parts on programs such as "Sea Hunt", "Wagon Train", and "Lassie". His final role was a one-time guest spot on "Death Valley Days" in 1965. He then moved to Phoenix, Arizona, to join radio station KTAR as a morning news broadcaster and the host of his own afternoon show.

Bannon was the first husband of American actress and comedian Bea Benaderet. They wed in 1938 and had two children, Jack (1940-2017) and Maggie (born 1947). However, his "Red Ryder" contract obligations took a toll on their marriage, and Benaderet filed for divorce in 1950. Their son, Jack Bannon, became an actor like his parents. In 1961, Jim Bannon married Barbara Cork, twenty-three years his junior; the couple divorced in 1981.

Later in his life, Bannon suffered from emphysema. He died in Ventura, California, on July 28, 1984, at age 73.



</doc>
<doc id="3222391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3222391" title="Stephen Geoffreys">
Stephen Geoffreys

Stephen Geoffrey Miller (born November 22, 1964), known professionally as Stephen Geoffreys, is an American actor. Rising to prominence in teen films in the 1980s, Geoffreys is perhaps best known for his role as high school misfit turned vampire, "Evil Ed" in the 1985 horror thriller "Fright Night", in addition to both starring and supporting performances in "Heaven Help Us" (1985), "Fraternity Vacation" (1985), "At Close Range" (1986), and "976-EVIL" (1988).

Born Stephen Geoffrey Miller in Cincinnati, Ohio, Geoffreys first began acting on the stage. In 1984, he was nominated for Broadway's Tony Award for "Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical" for his performance in a play based on "The Human Comedy". For this role, he won the Theatre World Award in 1984.

Geoffreys appeared in several horror and teen films in the 1980s, most notably "Heaven Help Us" (1985) as well as "Fraternity Vacation" and "976-EVIL" with the director/actor Robert Englund from ("A Nightmare On Elm Street") in 1989. He also played a supporting part in the critically acclaimed drama "At Close Range" in 1986. He is best known for playing the creepy "Evil Ed" in the 1985 vampire horror classic "Fright Night" starring Roddy McDowall, William Ragsdale, and Chris Sarandon. Two of Geoffreys' lines from that film became catch phrases in the mid-1980s: "To what do I owe this dubious pleasure?" and "You're so cool, Brewster!" Geoffreys refused to appear in Fright Night Part 2.

During the 1990s, Geoffreys appeared for several years in gay pornographic movies, using the alias Sam Ritter.

Geoffreys returned to horror in a supporting role as "Mr. Putski" in the independent film "Sick Girl", released in October 2007, after an almost 9-year absence from mainstream film. He went on to play a lead role in the horror film "Do Not Disturb". He later appeared in the horror film "Emerging Past", which also featured actor Brooke McCarter of "The Lost Boys" fame. As part of the Mad Monster Party on 28 March 2015, Geoffreys wore his Evil Ed costume.






</doc>
<doc id="3222442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3222442" title="Brian Bloom">
Brian Bloom

Brian Bloom is an American actor and screenwriter. He is the voice of Captain America in "" and "", Varric Tethras in "Dragon Age II" and "", B.J. Blazkowicz in the "Wolfenstein" series, Nick Reyes in "" and Brock Pike in "The A-Team", the latter two of which he also co-wrote.

Bloom appeared in commercials as a child but made his big break in the Sergio Leone film "Once Upon a Time in America". From there, he was offered the role of Dusty Donovan in the soap opera "As the World Turns", which he played for several years. During that run, Bloom won a Daytime Emmy Award in the category of Outstanding Young Leading Man during the "12th Daytime Emmy Awards" show for his performance on the series. He left the series to star in several television movies and guest appearances.

After leaving the soap opera, Bloom starred in several made-for-television films with teen subjects, including "Crash Course" (1988), "Dance 'til Dawn" (1988) and "Desperate for Love" (1989). This opened his appeal to later roles, which would include spots in "Melrose Place", "2000 Malibu Road", "", "", "Drive" and HBO's "Oz". He played the role of fanatical cult leader Jonas Sparrow in the Joss Whedon show "Dollhouse". Bloom also starred in a series of 1994 television movies playing Bandit, a part loosely based on the Burt Reynolds role. Bloom continued his working relationship with Joe Carnahan, playing private mercenary antagonist "Pike" in the 2010 movie "The A-Team", which Bloom also co-wrote with Carnahan, who directed the 20th Century Fox feature based on the television series.

Brian also attended the Sheriff’s Academy and served as a Reserve Deputy with the Orange County Sheriff’s Department from 2001 – 2011. He is a certified self defense expert and a Sifu of a rarefied street lethal modern Self Defense System called “Bojuka”. He has participated in combat seminars and taught use of force techniques to law enforcement, military and private security worldwide.

In 1997, Bloom developed and ran a .com hub known as AnimalWorldNetwork.com. The website was an outpost for pet products, information, video content and celebrity pet lifestyle coverage, selling and shipping fair-trade, organic and holistic pet supplies with both brick and mortar locations and a robust online presence. Bloom sold the domain and business in 2007 for an undisclosed eight-figure deal.

Bloom is well known for his long standing association with the "Call of Duty" franchise, having performed voice over and motion capture work in a majority of the franchise titles culminating with the role of Captain Nick Reyes in "Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare", a first-person shooter video game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. Bloom is both the player character, modeled on his likeness, and the writer of the game's acclaimed narrative, for which he was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Video Game Writing by The Writers Guild of America. Bloom is also the writer of "". Including the reboot of Modern Warfare, Brian Bloom has written 3 of the best selling and beloved games of their decade, topping two and half billion in sales and revenue.


</doc>
<doc id="3227449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3227449" title="Željko Ivanek">
Željko Ivanek

Željko Ivanek (né Šimić-Ivanek; ; ; born August 15, 1957) is a Slovenian-American actor, known for his role as Ray Fiske on "Damages", for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award. Ivanek is also known for his role of Ed Danvers on "" and "", Governor James Devlin on "Oz", Andre Drazen on "24", Blake Sterling on the short-lived NBC series "The Event", and Emile "The Hunter" Danko on "Heroes". From 2014 until 2019, he starred as Russell Jackson in the CBS drama "Madam Secretary".

Ivanek was born Željko Šimić-Ivanek in Ljubljana, PR Slovenia, FPR Yugoslavia. In 1960, Željko, his mother and younger brother, Ivan, immigrated to Palo Alto, California, where his father was studying for his PhD in electrical engineering at Stanford University.

After a two-year stay, in 1962, the family moved back to Yugoslavia for five years and then returned to Palo Alto in 1967. Having performed in numerous community theater plays in the San Francisco Bay Area, he graduated from Ellwood P. Cubberley High School in Palo Alto in 1975. Ivanek graduated from Yale University in 1978 and afterward attended the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.

Ivanek has worked extensively on the stage. In 1982, he originated the role of Hally in Athol Fugard's play ""Master Harold"...and the Boys". He appeared in the U.S. premieres of "Cloud Nine" (for which he earned the 1981 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play) and "The Pillowman". He performs frequently on Broadway and has been nominated for three Tony Awards, for his performances in the original production of "Brighton Beach Memoirs", in "Two Shakespearean Actors", and in a revival of "The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial", alongside David Schwimmer and Tim Daly.

However, Ivanek is perhaps best known for his supporting roles in a number of well-known television series. His first television role was as Sammie Wheaton on the ABC soap opera "The Edge of Night". Other roles include Emile Danko in "Heroes"; Roland in "The X-Files"; prosecuting attorney Ed Danvers in ""; Ray Fiske in "Damages"; J.J. in "Big Love"; the Magister in "True Blood"; Governor James Devlin in "Oz"; Serbian terrorist Andre Drazen in "24"; and Blake Sterling, the Director of National Intelligence in the NBC drama series "The Event". 

Most recently, Ivanek played Russell Jackson, Chief of Staff, in the TV series "Madam Secretary". He portrayed John Dickinson, the Pennsylvania representative to the Second Continental Congress, in the HBO miniseries "John Adams". He has guest-starred on such shows as "" and "House". He has appeared several times on "Law & Order" as both one-off characters and as Ed Danvers, this last in crossover episodes with "".

In addition to his stage and television work, Ivanek has appeared in more than 20 feature films, including "The Sender," in which he made his feature film debut as the unnamed title character, "The Bourne Legacy", "In Bruges", "Dogville", "Black Hawk Down", "Donnie Brasco", "Argo", "Seven Psychopaths" and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri".

In 2012, he portrayed Dr. Stafford White in the Fox drama "The Mob Doctor". As of 2014, he has supporting roles in several shows on broadcast and cable television, including the NBC drama series "Revolution", where he plays the recurring roles of Dr. Calvin Horn and an illusory nanotech avatar of Horn; the USA Network drama "Suits"; the Cinemax drama "Banshee"; and the FX series "The Americans".

In the documentary "That Guy... Who Was in That Thing", he reveals that his contract includes a rider to ensure that the character Ž in "Željko" does not appear as Z in the credits.

Ivanek has received recognition for his on-screen work. In 2008, he was awarded the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his performance in the role of Ray Fiske on "Damages". 



</doc>
<doc id="3230519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3230519" title="Keith Andes">
Keith Andes

Keith Andes (born John Charles Andes, July 12, 1920 – November 11, 2005) was an American film, radio, musical theater, stage and television actor.

The son of Mr. and Mrs. William G. Andes, Andes was born in Ocean City, New Jersey. By the age of 12, he was featured on the radio.

The family moved to Upper Darby, Pennsylvania, near Philadelphia. Andes found work on radio singing and acting throughout his years at Upper Darby High School.

He attended St Edward's School, Oxford and graduated from Temple University in Philadelphia, where he was a member of Sigma Pi fraternity, in 1943 with a bachelor's degree in education. While at Temple, he did not participate in the university's theater program, but spent his time working as a disc jockey for radio stations KYW, WFIL, and WIP. After graduating from Temple, he studied voice at the Philadelphia Conservatory of Music. He was known for his baritone.

He began his Broadway career while serving in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. He served three years and sang and acted in United Service Organization shows. He was cast in the play "Winged Victory" and then cast by 20th Century Fox in the film "Winged Victory" (1944).

In 1947, Andes received a Theater World Award for his Broadway debut performance in a revival of the operetta "The Chocolate Soldier".

In 1947, he had a small but important role in the movie "The Farmer's Daughter", the film that won Loretta Young her Best Actress Oscar. Andes, Lex Barker and James Arness played the title character's powerfully built and highly protective brothers.

Andes' first leading role in a feature film came with "Project X" (1949), a low-budget, independent movie.

In June 1950, he joined the cast of "Kiss Me, Kate" on Broadway, taking over the lead from Alfred Drake, starring in the show for over a year, in New York and on tour. This re-ignited Hollywood's interest in him.

Andes appeared as Marilyn Monroe's sweetheart and Barbara Stanwyck's brother in the cult film "Clash by Night" (1952), directed by Fritz Lang and co-written by Clifford Odets, for RKO.

Also for that studio, he played the heroic Lt. Maynard in "Blackbeard, the Pirate" (1952) and a supporting role in "Split Second" (1953).

In 1953 he starred in a short-lived Broadway musical, "Maggie".

In 1954, he signed a new contract with RKO even though that studio had kept him idle for a year, causing him to miss a part in "The High and the Mighty". He was under contract to RKO for three years.

He co-starred with Angela Lansbury in the film noir "A Life at Stake" (1954) and was one of several male leads in "The Second Greatest Sex" (1955) at Universal, where he signed a long-term contract.

Andes begin guest starring on TV shows like "Celebrity Playhouse", "The Ford Television Theatre", "Matinee Theatre", "The Loretta Young Show", "Conflict" and "Playhouse 90". He also starred in TV adaptations of "The Great Waltz" (playing Johann Strauss, Jr.), "Bloomer Girl" (1956) and "Holiday" (based on "The Grand Tour") (1956).

He made two films with Jeff Chandler at Universal, "Away All Boats" (1956) and "Pillars of the Sky" (1956), and did "Back from Eternity" (1956) at RKO. In 1956, he starred in a pilot for the series "Dr, Mike", that was not picked up.

At Universal, he had a role in "Interlude" (1957), then he appeared in "The Girl Most Likely" (1958), the last film made by RKO.

Andes guest starred on "Jane Wyman Presents The Fireside Theatre", "Goodyear Theatre", "Alcoa Theatre" and "".

In 1958, Andes starred as crusading former Louisiana State Police Superintendent Francis Grevemberg in the film "Damn Citizen" at Universal. His co-stars were Margaret Hayes as Dorothy Maguire Grevemberg and Gene Evans as Police Major Al Arthur.

He starred in two low-budget features: "Model for Murder" (1959) in England and "Surrender - Hell!" (1960) in the Philippines.

Andes was cast in a regular series, playing Frank Dawson in the police drama "This Man Dawson" (1959–60), the story of a former United States Marine Corps colonel who is hired to stop police corruption in a large, unnamed city. William Conrad did the series narration.

On Broadway, Andes and starred opposite Lucille Ball in the musical "Wildcat" (1960–61) which ran for 175 performances.

When "Wildcat" ended Andes resumed his television career, guest starring on "Sea Hunt", "Have Gun - Will Travel", "Follow the Sun", "Vacation Playhouse" and "The Rifleman".

In 1963, Andes was cast with Victor Buono and Arch Johnson in the episode "Firebug" of the anthology series "GE True", hosted by Jack Webb. In the story line, Buono portrays Charles Colvin, a barber in Los Angeles, who is by night a pyromaniac. The United States Forest Service works to find Colvin before he can set more fires.

Later in 1963, Andes was cast in a regular role as the lawyer-husband on the 1963 sitcom "Glynis", starring Glynis Johns as his wife, a mystery writer and amateur sleuth.

He guest-starred on "77 Sunset Strip", "Perry Mason" (in the episode "Illicit Illusion"), "The Outer Limits" (in the episode "Expanding Human"), Mickey Rooney's short-lived sitcom "Mickey", "The Littlest Hobo", "Death Valley Day", "Valentine's Day","Branded", "The Lucy Show", and "Run for Your Life".

Andes starred as the manager of a radio station in the serial "Paradise Bay", which debuted September 27, 1965.
He returned to guest-star roles in "Daniel Boone", "The Andy Griffith Show", "" (in the episode ""), and "I Spy".

His work included voice acting in the animated "Birdman and the Galaxy Trio" (1967) as Birdman. In 1967, he toured in a production of "Man of La Mancha".

He appeared as General George C. Marshall in the film "Tora! Tora! Tora!" and in the biker movie "Hell's Bloody Devils" (1970).

He guest-starred on "Petticoat Junction", "", "Dan August", "The Streets of San Francisco", "Search", "Gunsmoke", "Cannon", "Caribe", and "The Magical World of Disney" ("Twister, Bull from the Sky").
His later appearances included the films "...And Justice for All" (1979) and "The Ultimate Impostor" (1979) as well as playing Minister Darius in the "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" episode "Buck's Duel to the Death".

His last appearance was in the TV movie "Blinded by the Light" (1982). He then retired. He later said "I was divorced, my kids were grown, and that is when I bought a boat and lived on it and ran charters on it over to Catalina and down to Mexico and back. I just had a ball."

On November 30, 1946, Andes married Jean A. Cotton, a nurse, in Upper Darby, Pennsylvania. The couple divorced in 1961.

That year, Andes married Sheila Hackett during a break in "Wildcat".

Andes had two sons with Cotton, musicians Mark Andes (in bands Spirit, Jo Jo Gunne, and Heart) and Matt Andes (also a member of Spirit and Jo Jo Gunne).

On November 11, 2005, Andes was found dead at the age of 85 at his home in Santa Clarita, California. He had been suffering from bladder cancer and other ailments (he had been a smoker). His death was due to suicide by asphyxiation, according to a report from the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office. His remains were donated to medical science.




</doc>
<doc id="3231365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3231365" title="Alex Nicol">
Alex Nicol

Alexander Livingston "Alex" Nicol Jr. (January 20, 1916 — July 29, 2001) was an American actor and film director. Nicol appeared in many Westerns including "The Man from Laramie" (1955). He appeared in more than forty feature films as well as directing many television shows including "The Wild Wild West" (1967), "Tarzan" (1966), and "Daniel Boone" (1966). He also played many roles on Broadway.

Nicol was born in Ossining, New York, in 1916. When his movie career started thirty-four years later he adjusted the year to 1919. "I was a little older than some of the other people under contract so I thought, 'Well, I'll cure that right now'," he later confessed. His father was the arms keeper at Sing Sing. He studied at the Feagin School of Dramatic Art before joining Maurice Evans' theatrical company, with whom he made his Broadway debut with a walk-on in "Henry IV, Part 1" (1939). Later a member of The Actors Studio, Nicol would play Brick in Tennessee Williams's "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", under the direction of Studio co-founder Elia Kazan. 

However, it was as a character actor that Nicol spent most of his career. He also directed films, and appeared frequently on television. His acting career was interrupted by a five-year stint in the army. He served with the 101st Cavalry and attained the rank of Technical Sergeant.

Upon discharge, Nicol returned to Broadway in a revival of Clifford Odets' pro-union drama "Waiting for Lefty" (1946). Shortly thereafter, he was admitted to The Actors Studio, where he worked with Elia Kazan; this led to a role in the Studio's 1948 production of "Sundown Beach", staged by Kazan. Nicol next appeared in "Forward the Heart", and then as part of the original cast of Rodgers and Hammerstein's musical "South Pacific" (1949), playing one of the marines, but after a few weeks in the show he successfully auditioned to replace Ralph Meeker as Mannion in "Mister Roberts", and was also made understudy to the play's star Henry Fonda.

While acting in "Mister Roberts", Nicol was seen by the Universal Studios director George Sherman, who was in New York City to film "The Sleeping City" (1950). He cast Nicol as a young doctor. Nicol was given a contract by Universal, and Sherman also directed his second film, "Tomahawk" (1951), in which he played a cavalry officer with a hatred of Indians.

Small roles as a prisoner of war in "Target Unknown" (1951) and a trainee pilot in "Air Cadet" (1951) preceded Nicol's first major part, co-starring with Frank Sinatra and Shelley Winters in the musical drama "Meet Danny Wilson" (1952). In his next film he was an antagonist again, causing Loretta Young to be wrongly sent to prison in "Because of You" (1952). He played a troublesome sergeant in "Red Ball Express" (1952), directed by Budd Boetticher. 

Nicol's first lead role was opposite Maureen O'Hara in "The Redhead from Wyoming" (1953) directed by Lee Sholem.

Going freelance, Nicol was directed by Daniel Mann in "About Mrs. Leslie" (1953) starring Shirley Booth and Robert Ryan. Nicol returned to Universal (at a much larger salary than he had been getting as a contract player) to appear in two George Sherman films, "The Lone Hand" (1953) and "Dawn at Socorro" (1954). Nicol then made three films in England, most notably Ken Hughes' "The House Across the Lake" (1954).

Anthony Mann directed Nicol in his role as a navigator in "Strategic Air Command" (1955), and it was Mann who then gave the actor his best-remembered role as the weak psychopathic son of a patriarch rancher (Donald Crisp) that menaced Jimmy Stewart in "The Man from Laramie" (1955).

After a supporting role in Jacques Tourneur's "Great Day in the Morning" (1956) Nicol believed his Hollywood career was not progressing. In 1956 he returned to Broadway to replace Ben Gazzara in the lead role of Brick, in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof". When the Broadway run ended Nicol starred in the tour.
Nicol starred with Shelley Winters in the play "Saturday Night Kid" (1958). He then returned to Hollywood where he made his first film as a director, "The Screaming Skull" (1958), in which he also acted.

Nicol traveled to Italy when director Martin Ritt gave him a role in "Five Branded Women" (1959). While there he was offered parts in other movies. He and his family remained in Europe for two years. 

One of his last assignments in Italy was another directorial credit, "Then There Were Three", also known as "Three Came Back", a World War II combat and spy actioner, which he also produced and was one of the co-stars, along with Frank Latimore. Returning to the United States in 1961, he played Paul Anka's father in the thriller "Look in Any Window" (1961), with subsequent acting roles including "The Twilight Zone" episode "Young Man's Fancy" in 1962; two westerns, "The Savage Guns" (1962) and "Gunfighters of Casa Grande" (1964); Roger Corman's "Bloody Mama" (1969), based on the life of Ma Barker, and the independently mede religious horror "The Night God Screamed". Second-billed to star Jeanne Crain, he portrayed her husband, a small-time evangelist whose death at film's midpoint occurs through crucifixion by religious fanatics led by a charismatic guru styled upon Charles Manson, whose 1969 cult murders were still fresh in the public's mind during the film's production in 1971. 

Nicol later worked as a director in television and did episodes of "Daniel Boone", "Wild Wild West", and many episodes for "Tarzan" starring Ron Ely. The last film in which he acted was "A*P*E" (1976), an independent movie made by a friend of the actor. He retired in the late 1980s and died of natural causes in Montecito, California in 2001.

Alex Nicol was survived by his wife, Jean and his three children, Lisa Nicol, Alexander Nicol III, and Eric Nicol.



</doc>
<doc id="3232969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3232969" title="David Bedella">
David Bedella

David Bedella (born September 25, 1962) is an American actor. He is currently based in London and is best known for his Olivier award-winning role in the "Jerry Springer – The Opera".

Bedella was born in Gary, Indiana and graduated from Merrillville High School in 1980. After performing in Showboat‘81 at Opryland U.S.A. he began eight years of theatre in Chicago from 1982–1990 during which, in 1985, he won his first professional acting award, the Joseph Jefferson Award (Actor in a Supporting Role in a Musical) for his performance in "A Chorus Line". 
After several National Tours including Dreamgirls, Jesus Christ Superstar and 42nd St., he relocated to New York City in the autumn of 1990 and began what would be 11 years of regional and Broadway work which included Goodspeed Opera House in 1991 and a tour of La Cage aux Folles starring Gene Barry and Leroy Reams.

From 1992 to 1995, he played Caiaphas in the 20th anniversary national tour of "Jesus Christ Superstar" with Ted Neeley, Carl Anderson, Dennis DeYoung, Irene Cara and Syrita Wright. 
In 1995, he joined the original company of Smokey Joe’s Café on Broadway which he played, on and off, for five years before leaving to tour the United States with Diahann Carrol in Lerner and Lowe’s Almost Like Being in Love. 

In 2001, he and his partner at the time, Reverend Pressley Sutherland, relocated to the United Kingdom where Bedella began his London career. 

His first West End show was the legendary and controversial "Jerry Springer the Opera" at The National Theatre, for which he won his first Olivier Award in 2004 for best actor in a musical. 
He went on to perform the lead roles in the "Rocky Horror Show", "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", "The Producers" and eventually, the role for which he won the What’s On Stage and his second Olivier Award, Kevin Rosario in the London premiere of "In The Heights" in 2015. 

For several years, Bedella has hosted his own live chat show, David Bedella And Friends (DBAF) which took the London Cabaret Society’s Best Long Running Cabaret Award, in 2015. The chat show began at the Alley Cat and moved to the St. James Theatre in Victoria, London, hosting an array of artists from stage and screen. 

Bedella’s work is not limited to the stage but includes five television series for the BBC and three Hollywood feature films as well as voicing several characters on the series "Thomas and Friends". 

He has also performed in four pantomimes alongside Christopher Biggins, Bradley Walsh and for the last two years, has partnered the John Linehan (aka: May McFettridg) at the Belfast Grand Opera House in NI.

In 2002, Bedella won his most famous role in "Jerry Springer - The Opera", where he played both the Warm Up Man "Jonathan Wierus"(in the First Act) named after the 15th-century occultist Johann Weyer and Satan in the Second Act. For this role, Bedella received the 2004 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor in a Musical.

After that Bedella appeared in a recurring role as the plastic surgeon Dr. Carlos Fashola in 2004 in the British hospital drama "Holby City". He then went on to play the title role in "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", and had a 16-month run playing Frank N Furter in the 2006–2007 UK tour of Richard O'Brien's "The Rocky Horror Show". During that period he also had minor roles in a number of movies, including "Batman Begins, Red Light Runners" and "Alexander".

In 2008, he played the role of Alexander Molokov in a concert version of "Chess" at the Royal Albert Hall on May 12–13, 2008, and performed in the West End gala performance of Elegies for Angels, Punks and Raging Queens at Soho Revue Bar.

Since 2009, Bedella has provided voices of some characters in the UK and US narrations of "Thomas and Friends" such as Carlos, Victor, The Mayor of Sodor, and A Cuban Man. In 2012, he replaced fellow cast member Matt Wilkinson as Victor in the UK narration in "Blue Mountain Mystery", though Wilkinson remains a cast member of the CGI series. In 2015, he replaced fellow cast member Keith Wickham as the Mayor of Sodor in the UK narration starting with season 19, and like Wilkinson, Wickham still provides voices for the show.

In 2009–2010 he reprised his role as Frank N. Furter in the UK tour cast of The "Rocky Horror Show".

In October 2011, he appeared in a concert of the new musical "Soho Cinders" at the Queen's Theatre, London.

In 2012, he played Arnold in Harvey Fierstein's "Torch Song Trilogy" at the Menier Chocolate Factory in London.

Bedella made his panto debut as Blackheart, in "Robinson Crusoe and The Caribbean Pirates" at the New Theatre, Cardiff with Christopher Biggins, Paul Zerdin, Lucy Sinclair, Alexander Delemere, Stephanie Siadatan and Gary Jerry in the season of 2011–2012.

In 2013, he appeared in "By Any Means", and in 2014, he starred as popstar Frankie Parsons in the "Inside No. 9" episode "Last Gasp".

On 16 January 2015, it was confirmed that Bedella would be joining Mel Brooks' "The Producers" as Roger De Bris.

He reprised his role as Frank N Furter in the "Rocky Horror Show" in London with the show's writer Richard O'Brien.

In 2017, he recorded two songs for the album "Wit & Whimsy - Songs by Alexander S. Bermange" (one solo and one featuring all of the album's 23 artists), which reached No. 1 in the iTunes comedy album chart.

From 2015–2017 Bedella starred in the role of Kevin Rosario in the Tony Award-winning "In The Heights" at the Kings Cross Theatre in London, for which he won an Olivier Award for best supporting actor.

In 2018, Bedella returned to Chicago as part of the cast of the U.S. premiere of "Nell Gwynn" at Chicago Shakespeare Theater.

In 2019, he originated the role of Lance in the original musical "& Juliet", based on the story of Romeo & Juliet. The musical made its world debut at the Manchester Opera House and further transferred to London's Shaftesbury Theatre.



</doc>
<doc id="3233203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3233203" title="Lyle Talbot">
Lyle Talbot

Lyle Talbot (born Lisle Henderson; February 8, 1902 – March 2, 1996) was an American actor on stage and screen, known for his career in film from 1931 to 1960 and for his appearances on television in the 1950s and 1960s. He played Ozzie Nelson's friend and neighbor, Joe Randolph, for ten years in the ABC situation comedy "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet". He began his movie career under contract with Warner Bros. in the early days of sound film. He appeared in more than 150 films, first as a young matinee idol, the star of many B movies, and later as a character actor. He was a founding member of the Screen Actors Guild and later served on its board. Talbot's long career as an actor is recounted in a book by his youngest daughter, "The New Yorker" writer Margaret Talbot, entitled "The Entertainer: Movies, Magic and My Father's Twentieth Century" (Riverhead Books 2012).

Born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and reared in Brainard, Nebraska (largely by his grandmother), Talbot graduated from high school in Omaha, Nebraska. He left home at 17, and began his career as a magician's assistant, becoming a leading actor in traveling tent shows in the American Midwest.

He briefly established his own theater company in Memphis, Tennessee which included his father and stepmother, Ed and Anna Henderson. He went to Hollywood in 1931, when the film industry began producing movies with sound and needed "actors who could talk". His screen test at Warner Bros. was watched and appreciated by studio production chief Darryl F. Zanuck and, even more so, by director William Wellman who immediately wanted to cast Talbot. Talbot became a contract player at Warners along with the likes of future stars Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart.

Most notable among Talbot's film work were his appearances in "Three on a Match" and "20,000 Years in Sing Sing" (both 1932). He played a star running back in "College Coach" (1933) with Pat O'Brien and Dick Powell, romanced opera singer Grace Moore in "One Night of Love" in 1934, and pursued Mae West in "Go West, Young Man" (1936). He was a gangster in "Ladies They Talk About" and "Heat Lightning" and a doctor kicking a drinking habit in both "Mary Stevens, M.D." and "Mandalay". He co-starred with Pat O'Brien in "Oil for the Lamps of China" (1935).

He would appear opposite Ann Dvorak, Carole Lombard, Barbara Stanwyck, Mary Astor, Ginger Rogers, Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Joan Blondell and Shirley Temple during his career, as well as sharing the screen with Humphrey Bogart, Spencer Tracy and Tyrone Power. Overall, Talbot would appear in some 150 movies.

Early in his career at Warners, Talbot took part in one of Hollywood's most extravagant and ambitious publicity junkets, barnstorming across the country with Bette Davis, cowboy star Tom Mix, comedian Joe E. Brown, boxer Jack Dempsey and a host of WB actors and chorus girls on "the 42nd Street Special," a train covered in silver and gold leaf and electric lights. With stops in dozens of cities, they were promoting the new Busby Berkeley musical and ended up in Washington, D.C. at Franklin Delano Roosevelt's first inauguration in March 1933 in a show of the studio's support for the new president. The press dubbed Talbot the train's "Romeo" and described him as "handsome as hell" and "likable as a collie."

Back in Hollywood, working long hours six days a week, Talbot became a co-founder of the Screen Actors Guild. His activism in SAG union affairs reportedly hurt his career. Warner Bros. dropped him from its roster, and Talbot seldom received starring roles again. He became a capable character actor, playing affable neighbors or crafty villains with equal finesse. Talbot's supporting roles spanned the gamut, as he played cowboys, pirates, detectives, cops, surgeons, psychiatrists, soldiers, judges, newspaper editors, storekeepers, and boxers. In later years, he would claim to have never rejected a single role offered to him, including three now infamous Ed Wood, films: "Glen or Glenda", "Jail Bait" and "Plan 9 from Outer Space". Talbot worked with the Three Stooges in "Gold Raiders", was the first actor to portray evil scientist Lex Luthor (wearing a "bald cap") onscreen in "Atom Man vs. Superman" (1950), played villains in four comedies with The Bowery Boys, and took the role of Commissioner Gordon in the 1949 serial "Batman and Robin". His last film role was in "Amazon Women on the Moon" (1987).

Having started his career in the theater and later co-starred on Broadway in 1940-1941 in "Separate Rooms" with Glenda Farrell and Alan Dinehart, Talbot returned to the stage in the 1960s and 1970s, starring in national road company versions of Thornton Wilder's "The Matchmaker" with Ann B. Davis, Gore Vidal's "The Best Man" with Hugh Marlowe and K.T. Stevens, Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple" and "Barefoot in the Park", Arthur Sumner Long's play "Never Too Late" with Penny Singleton, and appearing as Captain Brackett in a 1967 revival of "South Pacific" (at Lincoln Center) starring Florence Henderson and Giorgio Tozzi. He also starred in Preston Jones' "The Last Meeting of the Knights of the White Magnolia" at the Alley Theater in Houston and the Chicago area Lincolnshire Theater. He rode the wave of the dinner theater phenomenon in the 1970s, acting in light comedies onstage in various Midwestern towns where former television actors were major attractions. As early as 1962 Talbot directed and co-starred with Ozzie and Harriet Nelson and a young Sally "Hot Lips" Kellerman in "Marriage Go Round," a play Talbot and the Nelsons took on the road again in the early 1970s.

Although Talbot once starred in a film called "Trapped by Television" (1936), the invention of TV actually revived his acting career, as his movie roles faded. Talbot was a frequent presence on American television from the 1950s well into the 1970s with occasional appearances in the 1980s. From 1955–1966, he appeared in some seventy episodes of "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", as neighbor Joe Randolph. He also had a recurring role (1955–58) as Robert Cummings's character's buddy from the Air Force, Paul Fonda, in numerous episodes of "The Bob Cummings Show".

During the 1950s/1960s, Talbot acted in every genre from westerns to comedies to mysteries. He played Colonel Billings three times on the syndicated western series, "The Adventures of Kit Carson" (1951–1955), and appeared four times as a judge on the syndicated western "The Cisco Kid." He guest starred on Gene Autry's "The Range Rider".

From 1950–1955, he was cast five times in different roles on the western, "The Lone Ranger". In 1955, he appeared as Baylor in six episodes of the series, "". From 1953–1957, he was cast as different characters in four episodes of the anthology series, "Lux Video Theatre". In 1967, he played Colonel Blake three times on "The Beverly Hillbillies", and also appeared three times (between 1965–1971) on "Green Acres." On one episode of "Green Acres" Talbot played himself, as a senator, in a spoof on actors who became politicians. In 1959, Talbot played Sheriff Clyde Chadwick in the episode "The Sanctuary" on "Colt .45".

Other guest appearances included "Annie Oakley"; "It's a Great Life"; "The Public Defender"; "The Pride of the Family"; "Crossroads"; "Hey, Jeannie!"; "The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show"; "Broken Arrow"; "The Millionaire"; "Richard Diamond, Private Detective"; "Tales of Wells Fargo"; "Buckskin"; "Cimarron City"; "Angel"; "Hawaiian Eye"; "77 Sunset Strip"; "Surfside 6"; "The Roaring 20s"; "The Restless Gun"; "Stagecoach West"; "The Red Skelton Show"; "The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok"; "Topper"; "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin"; "Laredo"; "Perry Mason"; "The Real McCoys"; "Rawhide"; "Wagon Train"; "Charlie's Angels"; "Newhart"; "The Dukes of Hazzard"; "St. Elsewhere"; and "Who's the Boss?".

He appeared occasionally on television in his eighties and narrated two PBS biographies, "The Case of Dashiell Hammett" and "World Without Walls" about pioneering pilot Beryl Markham, both produced and written by his son, Stephen Talbot, formerly a recurring cast member, Gilbert Bates, on "Leave It to Beaver", another series on which his father had also appeared. Talbot was the first live action actor to play two prominent DC Comics characters on-screen: the aforementioned Commissioner Gordon in "Batman and Robin", and supervillain Lex Luthor in "Atom Man vs. Superman" (who at the time was simply known as Luthor). Talbot began a longstanding tradition of actors in these roles that were most recently filled by Gary Oldman and Kevin Spacey, respectively.

Talbot had several brief marriages, to Elaine Melchoir (1930), Marguerite Cramer (1937–40) Abigail Adams (1942) and Keven McClure (1946) and a number of romantic entanglements.

In 1948, he married for the fifth time, to actress and singer Paula (née Margaret) Epple. She was 20, and he was a 46-year-old actor with a drinking problem. 
Under Epple's influence, Talbot quit drinking. The couple had four children and they worked together on stage in summer stock and community theater. They remained married for more than forty years until her death in 1989. Three of their four children became writers or journalists. Only Cynthia Talbot, the elder daughter, did not. She is a family physician and residency director in Portland, Oregon.


On March 6, 1996, Talbot died at his home in San Francisco, California, aged 94, from congestive heart failure.



</doc>
<doc id="3236322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3236322" title="Timothy Carey">
Timothy Carey

Timothy Agoglia Carey (March 11, 1929 – May 11, 1994) was an American film and television character actor. Carey was best known for portraying manic or violent characters who are driven to extremes.

He made his screen debut with a minor role in Billy Wilder's 1951 movie "The Big Carnival" (alternately titled "Ace in the Hole"). One of Carey's most recognized early roles was in the 1956 Stanley Kubrick film "The Killing", in which he portrayed a gunman hired to shoot a racehorse as a diversion from a racetrack robbery. Kubrick then cast him in his next film, the World War I drama "Paths of Glory" (1957), as one of three soldiers accused of cowardice.

During the filming of "Paths of Glory", Carey was reportedly disruptive and tried to draw more attention to his character. Due to this behavior, a scene in which Carey and the other actors were served a duck dinner as a final meal before execution took 57 takes to complete. Carey then faked his own kidnapping to generate personal publicity, which prompted Kubrick and producer James B. Harris to fire him. As a result, the film does not depict the three condemned soldiers during the battle scene, and a double was used during a scene in which a priest hears Carey's character's confession. The scene was filmed with the double's back to the camera.

The 1957 film "Bayou" (later retitled "Poor White Trash") featured one of Carey's few leading roles, as a demented Cajun shopkeeper named Ulysses. Carey had roles in "East of Eden", "The Wild One", "One-Eyed Jacks", "The Boy and the Pirates", "Bikini Beach", "Beach Blanket Bingo" and in the John Cassavetes-directed films "Minnie and Moskowitz" and "The Killing of a Chinese Bookie".

Francis Ford Coppola was eager to cast Carey as Luca Brasi in "The Godfather", but Carey turned down the part so he could film a television pilot called "Tweet’s Ladies of Pasadena", which was never sold or broadcast.

Carey’s proposed television show, "Tweet’s Ladies of Pasadena", starred Carey as a character named Tweet Twig, who had the power to resurrect dead animals and lived among a menagerie of talking beasts.

He played a minor role as the Angel of Death in the comedy film "D.C. Cab", and appeared in the Monkees self-parody musical comedy "Head". His final appearance was in the 1986 movie "Echo Park". Carey also did a select amount of acting on television from the 1950s through the 1980s.

According to director Quentin Tarantino, Carey auditioned for the role of Joe Cabot in Tarantino's "Reservoir Dogs". Although Carey did not get the role, the screenplay was dedicated to him, among others.

Carey's face (from the movie "The Killing") is positioned behind George Harrison on the cover of The Beatles album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". Although Carey's image is not seen on the commercially released version of the cover, it can be seen on outtake photos from the "Sgt. Pepper" session.

Carey wrote, produced, directed, and starred in the 1962 feature "The World's Greatest Sinner", whose music soundtrack was scored by a young, pre-Mothers of Invention Frank Zappa. Although it did not have wide commercial release, the film achieved cult status through repeated screenings at the "midnight movies" in Los Angeles in the 1960s. During a 1963 appearance on "The Steve Allen Show" during which he generated musical sounds on bicycles, Zappa talked about scoring the soundtrack for "The World's Greatest Sinner", which he called "the world's worst movie."

The movie was featured as a midnight show at the TCM Festival in Hollywood in April 2018. His son Romeo Carey introduced the film.

Carey was born in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn to a family of Italian and Irish descent. He was the nephew of Sylvester Agoglia and Fiore "Fury" Agoglia, associates of gangster Al Capone. 

Carey and his wife Doris had six children: Romeo, Mario, Velencia, Silvana, Dagmar and Germain.

Carey died of a stroke in 1994 at the age of 65 in Los Angeles. His body is interred at Rose Hills Memorial Park in Whittier, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3236556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3236556" title="Jay Underwood">
Jay Underwood

Jay Underwood (born October 1, 1968) is an American actor and pastor. Beginning a prolific career as a teen actor in the mid-1980s, he is perhaps best known for his starring feature films roles; portraying Eric Gibb in "The Boy Who Could Fly", Chip Carson in "Not Quite Human", Grover Dunn in "The Invisible Kid", Sonny Bono in The Sonny and Cher Story, and Bug in "Uncle Buck". He also portrayed the Human Torch in the 1994 unreleased film "Fantastic Four".

In 2001, Underwood was honored by the Young Artist Foundation with its Former Child Star "Lifetime Achievement" Award for his role in "The Boy Who Could Fly". Most recently, Underwood appeared in the feature film "No Greater Love", released in 2010.

Underwood worked for Calvary Bible Church in Burbank, California as junior high pastor from August 2005 to June 2007 while attending The Master's Seminary, and is now the full-time pastor of First Baptist Church of Weaverville, California.


</doc>
<doc id="3237219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3237219" title="Robert Bray">
Robert Bray

Robert E. Bray (October 23, 1917 – March 7, 1983) was an American film and television actor probably best remembered for his role as the forest ranger Corey Stuart in the CBS series "Lassie". He also starred in "Stagecoach West".

Bray was born to homesteading parents in Kalispell, Montana. The family moved to Seattle, Washington, where Bray attended Lincoln High School. After graduation, he was for a time a lumberjack, a cowboy, and a member of the Civilian Conservation Corps. In 1942, Bray joined the United States Marine Corps and saw action in the South Pacific during World War II. He finished the war at the rank of master sergeant and then aspired to become a taxidermist or the owner of a hunting/fishing lodge.

Instead, Bray entered films in 1946 under contract to RKO. He was marketed as the "next Gary Cooper" but appeared in B Westerns like 1949's "Rustlers". In the 1950s, the then freelancing actor appeared in a varied number of roles including the 1952 episode "Thunder Over Inyo" of the syndicated western television series "The Adventures of Kit Carson".

In 1954, he portrayed bandit Emmett Dalton in an episode of Jim Davis's syndicated western "Stories of the Century". That same year, he guest-starred in Reed Hadley's CBS crime drama, "The Public Defender". On December 4, 1955, he was cast as petroleum pioneer Pattillo Higgins in "Spindletop – The First Great Texas Oil Strike (January 10, 1901)" on the CBS history series, "You Are There", the story of the origin of the Texas oil industry.

In 1958, he starred in "Never Love a Stranger", a film adaptation of a Harold Robbins novel.

Bray guest-starred in the episode "Obituary" of NBC's western series, "Jefferson Drum", starring Jeff Richards, and in the 1959 episode "The Trouble with Tolliver" of the ABC western drama, "The Man from Blackhawk".

He appeared twice on ABC's "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp".

Bray was cast as Carl the Bus Driver in "Bus Stop" with Marilyn Monroe (1956) and as detective Mike Hammer in "My Gun Is Quick" (1957). Other roles were on NBC's western anthology series, "Frontier" and on the syndicated series "City Detective" and "State Trooper".

Early in 1960, Bray was cast as Tom Byson in the episode "Three Graves" of the NBC western series, "Riverboat".

In the 1960–1961 television season, Bray played Simon Kane in the ABC series "Stagecoach West".

He starred in three episodes of NBC's western "Laramie" between 1960 and 1963. He appeared in three episodes of CBS's "Perry Mason". In 1959 he played pivate detective and murder victim Carl Davis in "The Case of the Foot-Loose Doll." In the 1962 episode, "The Case of the Angry Astronaut," he had the role of title character and defendant Mitch Heller; and in 1963 he portrayed wealthy murder victim Martin Walden (Episode 180, "The Case of the Potted Planter"). He also guest-starred in NBC's "Temple Houston (TV series)", "Overland Trail", and "The Loretta Young Show". He appeared in four episodes of CBS's anthology suspense series "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" between 1958 and 1961. In 1958, Bray was offered a supporting role in director Joshua Logan's film adaptation of "South Pacific", but he decided instead to star in low-budget films for Allied Artists. It was a strategic error in his career, for "South Pacific" became a smash success.

In 1964, Bray won the role of USFS Ranger Corey Stuart in Season 11 of "Lassie" because of his affinity for animals and their reciprocity toward him. The relationship continued for two more seasons. He was written out of the series as a victim of a forest fire, and his character was sent away to a hospital never to return. 

Bray and his wife, Joan, retired to Bishop, California, in the Sierra Nevada. He was often seen in his Winnebago in Bishop with his dog "Lady". Bray was a fly fisherman, hunter, model duck carver, and all-around sportsman.

He spent his last years in the High Sierras where he had made many of his early western films. Bray died of a heart attack. His ashes were scattered over Zuma Beach in Malibu, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3237517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3237517" title="Pierre Bernard (comedian)">
Pierre Bernard (comedian)

Pierre Bernard, Jr. is a graphic designer and comedian, most notable for his work on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien", and "Conan". He had a recurring sketch called "Pierre Bernard's Recliner of Rage", where he would complain about issues that concern him while sitting in a recliner. The issues he complains about are typically esoteric in nature and mainly deal with comic books, anime, drawing or science fiction.

Early in his career, Bernard did comic book lettering for major publishers, including Marvel Comics, DC Comics, Heavy Metal, Gold Key Comics, Playboy, Warren Publishing, and Blackthorne Publishing.

Bernard worked in the advertising and marketing field for such clients as DFS Dorland Worldwide, McCaffrey & McCall, Inc, and "Newsweek" magazine doing storyboards and comp presentations. At Prudential Securities he did various brochures and eventually took over their in-house magazine.

For the last 15 years Bernard has been doing graphics for "Late Night", as well as doing a number of character appearances on the show, including "Pierre Bernard's Recliner of Rage."

Bernard has been a resident of Ewing Township, New Jersey.

In one segment, Bernard complained that a certain brand of drawing pen that he enjoyed was discontinued.

In another segment, Pierre was collecting a certain type of Snapple bottle cap for an art project, only to find that the caps had changed in design.

Bernard complained on one segment about the increasing number of Robotech DVDs. This prompted a "response" from robotech.com about the complaint and an offer to send Bernard a free complete collection of the DVDs.

This segment sees Bernard complaining about the Justice League Unlimited action figures.

Bernard complains about the seasonal release of the Nabisco snack Mallomars because despite the company's claims that its limited release is due to summer temperature and the difficulty in storing them in such heat, other chocolate covered-related products are still regularly produced and distributed.

Bernard complains about The Cartoon Network putting "Case Closed" on during "Cowboy Bebop"'s usual airtime. He dislikes Case Closed's campy 1970s style tunes compared to Cowboy Bebop's jazzy ones which helped him sleep. Coincidentally, Case Closed's main character takes the assumed first name of Conan.

One segment garnered Bernard a cult following in the "Stargate SG-1" community. The initial segment was a complaint that "Stargate SG-1" was better without Dr. Daniel Jackson (played by Michael Shanks). Shanks had left "SG-1" after the fifth season only to return for the seventh season, and Bernard felt Jackson's involvement with the team averted too many action sequences.

After the "SG-1" production team saw the sketch, they were so excited that Bernard gave "SG-1" national TV publicity that they offered him an extra role on an episode of "SG-1" as a technician named O'Brien (for Conan O'Brien). Bernard's filming process was recorded and aired as a remote segment on Late Night. When asked if he would return for another episode, he showed a clip where his character is shot after he greets an off-screen Dr. Jackson.

He was then invited to an "SG-1" convention as a famous guest, which was also recorded and aired as a "remote" on "Late Night".

He then appeared in the 200th episode of "SG-1", now as a zombied O'Brien, and is shot by a main character. The behind-the-scenes production of this was shown on the May 5, 2006, episode of "Late Night with Conan O'Brien".

In 2006, Pierre was interviewed by "The Scifi World" about his appearances on "SG-1".

After the show was canceled, Pierre returned in another segment of "Recliner" complaining to the Sci Fi Network regarding the show's cancellation. In a later episode of the show, Conan O'Brien allows Pierre to come on the show and rant about the cancellation of Stargate SG-1. In a follow-up sketch to this rant, Conan announced that he would do Pierre a favor by having Jon Lovitz call the Sci Fi Channel to ask programming executive Mark Stern to reverse the cancellation.

After receiving an Empire Today bobblehead doll, Bernard decides to begin a bobblehead doll collection. However, after ordering 60 bobbleheads, he finds that some were in fact figures in which the head remains stationary and the body bobbles. Bernard feels strongly that such figures should be "accurately labeled" as "bobble-body" and "not" "bobble-head".

Pierre wanted to buy a 5-foot Betty Boop statue for his living room, but, after being told by a female co-worker that a life-size statue of a cartoon character would severely limit his prospects of keeping a girlfriend, Pierre decided, instead, that he would settle for an 18-inch figurine of Betty Boop which he found particularly alluring as she is dressed up in a black French maid outfit. Unfortunately, the website where he spotted the black-outfitted version of the figurine had completely sold out of them, and, while he found another website selling the French maid Betty Boop figurine, the uniform itself was red, which Pierre doesn't find to be a suitable uniform color for a French maid. He wanted to call the company that made the figurine, Character Collectibles, but he complains that he could not find a phone number anywhere on their website.

In a segment that aired on January 11, 2007, Bernard complains about not finding a suitable display case for his Hot Wheels collection, including the famed Arachnorod model. He wants to display the collection in his bathroom, but one case cannot accommodate trucks, and another has distracting hinges.

On the show on April 13, 2007, Pierre expressed his love for Japanese anime and the female voice actors. He stated that he was angry that the East Coast cable providers did not allow him to subscribe to the Anime Network so he could listen to their voices all day.

On the show on September 5, 2007, Bernard complained about his recent visit to Dragon Con. He described it as an event similar to the more popular Comic Con, but one which Bernard thinks is better. His complaint involved waiting in numerous lines, not being able to eat his Chick-fil-A meal, and not receiving a badge of the Dragon Con logo he was counting on getting.

On the show on April 11, 2008, Bernard complained about not getting a Best Buy advertisement. He stated that while he receives weekly mailers notifying him of sales in his area, these ads are typically only for grocery stores. He admits that these are sometimes useful, such as when he was notified about a sale on Pop-Tarts. Bernard's complaint, however, is that he never receives notice of sales at high-end stores or stores that specialize in electronics. Bernard specifically mentions Best Buy. Recently, a special edition DVD of "I Am Legend" was on sale there. Neighboring areas were made aware of the sale, but he was "left in the dark like a fool". By the time he found out about the sale, the DVD was regular price and had no bonus disk. He called the distributor responsible for his weekly mailer, RedPlum, and was told there was nothing they could do.

On the show on March 13, 2007, NBC aired a sketch of Conan interviewing Pierre Bernard in a mock news style a la The Today Show or Dateline NBC. The cause of the interview was Bernard's real life refusal to allow the show to tape a remote segment at his house with his sizeable action figure collection. Conan contended that this refusal could be explained only by Pierre Bernard being a serial killer. In the interview Conan asks Bernard questions meant to make Bernard look like a psychotic killer. Conan's florid interview style was contrasted with Bernard's mostly unemotional responses. As the interview went on, Bernard gets more into the spirit of the gag and at one point admitted that he did not describe himself as prolific because "I haven't been killing for a long time." The segment ends with Pierre being wheeled onstage in a straitjacket and a face mask in a parody of Hannibal Lecter in "The Silence of the Lambs".

Pierre has appeared at other times on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", both as himself and acting as characters. He has portrayed Whoopi Goldberg, the rejected X-Men character Velcroeto, and a character that was supposed to be John Mayer's only black male fan.

As himself, in one of his first appearances (if not "the" first), he appeared in a sketch where Conan took him, another co-worker, and announcer Joel Godard on a spending spree in New York City, following the recommendation that shopping was the best thing one could do to help the city recover following September 11. In another segment, a parody of NBC's "The More You Know" segments, Bernard advises high school seniors to hire an escort to avoid the anxiety of finding a prom date. He cautions, however, before spending the money, to make sure she doesn't have a penis. In another early appearance, Pierre was brought out in recognition of his appearance in an NBC or Rockefeller Center newsletter noting his dedication to fitness.

Pierre appeared in a non-recliner sketch on the June 9, 2006 show. In the segment entitled "Prom Primer", he gave nonsensical and humorous advice on going to the prom. On the October 17, 2006 show, Pierre was in a comedy sequence about satellite TV channels. He was also in a bit part on the show a few days after as a part of the recurring gag, "New Fall Characters". In the segment, Pierre was dressed in a diaper and was the African baby that Madonna did not adopt.

Pierre appeared in a bit gag on the show's February 13 airing where he was shown exercising on a stationary bike to test the effects of his sweat on females. This was in response to a then-recent study that claimed that male sweat had aphrodesiac-like effects on women. On the 2007 February 26 show, Pierre was in a skit where he reenacted some select scenes from the then-recent Academy Awards show. It was explained by Conan that the sketch was being done due to NBC being unable to show actual clips of the event. In a "Hannigan the Travelling Salesman" sketch that aired on the Thursday, April 12, 2007 episode of "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", Pierre had a cameo as a character dressed in a gym vest and short running shorts named "Gay Haitian Lee", a word-play on PlayStation 3.

During the show's San Francisco excursion in May 2007, Pierre participated in a sketch where he played a San Francisco enthusiast whose calves had grown to enormous proportions walking up the city's hilly streets.

In September 2007, Pierre was flown out to Garnett, Kansas, to appear in a local commercial for "The Sherwood Inn," a local "good ol' down-home-cookin'" restaurant. The entire commercial was aired on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", and when Pierre was asked how much he was paid for the ad he said he was paid "in food." During the bit, Pierre expressed his desire to be in a commercial for the furniture company La-Z-Boy.

He appeared as Senator Barack Obama's arm on an episode that aired June 3, 2008, to commemorate Obama's Democratic Presidential nomination, which was confirmed earlier that day.

In March 2010, Bernard made his first appearance since the end of O'Brien's "Tonight Show" in the YouTube video "Pierre's Unemployed," where he visits a comic convention in Long Beach, California.

In April 2010, Bernard appeared in a Funny or Die sketch named "Asian Conan" as the operator of an illegal child death fighting ring. He appeared alongside professional stunt coordinator Steven Ho as an Asian version of Conan O'Brien (Who also made frequent appearances on Conan's "Tonight") and former "Late Night" and "Tonight Show" trombonist Richie "LaBamba" Rosenberg.

He appeared on "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien" on June 3, 2009, as a joke with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.

He appeared on a 2013 episode of Conan in which he is given a remote entitled "Conan Investigates Pierre Bernard's Creepy Doll Collection".




</doc>
<doc id="3238608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3238608" title="Booth Colman">
Booth Colman

Booth Colman (March 8, 1923 – December 15, 2014) was an American film, television and stage actor. In his later years he played older authority figures, such as doctors and lawyers. Colman appeared in films since 1952, when he debuted (uncredited) in "The Big Sky" directed by Howard Hawks.

Colman was born in Portland, Oregon. As a child actor in local productions, he became active in local radio. He attended the University of Washington and University of Michigan. In 1944, after serving in the U.S. Army during World War II, he moved to New York, where he began a long career in Broadway theater, first appearing in a production of Irwin Shaw's war drama "The Assassin". He was soon invited to join Maurice Evans' acting company, where he continued to act on stage, and later in films. His other Broadway credits include "Now I Lay Me Down to Sleep" (1950), "Tonight at 8:30" (1948), and "Hamlet" (1945).

He appeared dozens of times on prime-time television dramas and comedies. In 1964, he appeared in two episodes of "Perry Mason", one as a doctor in police investigations and the other as a prosecuting attorney. Other televisions appearances include "My Three Sons" (1962), "Frasier", "Gilligan's Island", "McCloud" and "The Monkees". Films include "Them!" (1954), "The Silver Chalice" (1954), "Moonfleet" (1955), "My Gun Is Quick" (1957), "Wild on the Beach" (1965), "Maryjane" (1968), "The Lawyer" (1970), "Scandalous John" (1971), "Time Travelers" (1976), "Norma Rae" (1979) and "Intolerable Cruelty" (2003). In 1983, he portrayed the kindly scientist, Professor Hector Jerrold, in the ABC daytime melodrama "General Hospital".

In 1974, Colman played the role of Dr. Zaius in the popular short-lived TV series, "Planet of the Apes"; the role made famous on the big screen by his former teacher, Maurice Evans. In the six episodes in which he appeared, he wore the original costume Evans used in "Planet of the Apes" and "Beneath the Planet of the Apes".

Colman played Scrooge over 600 times on stage in "A Christmas Carol" at the Meadow Brook Theatre in the Detroit area. He died in his sleep in Los Angeles at the age of 91 on December 15, 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="3240440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3240440" title="Dean Edwards">
Dean Edwards

Dean Edwards (born July 30, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, singer, writer, musician and voice artist. His work as a voice actor includes Scottie Pippen and Spike Lee in "Celebrity Deathmatch", a robot in "Robotomy", and Donkey in "Scared Shrekless" after Eddie Murphy was unable to reprise the role (Edwards had impersonated Murphy on stage). He also appeared in "Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Halftime Special" as Savion Glover and Don Cheadle, in "Tony N' Tina's Wedding" as Father Mark, and "The Sopranos".

Edwards has a YouTube channel, "deanedwardscomedy". He was also the host of the critically acclaimed TV show "Vidiots" on TVone.

Edwards developed a reputation for working clean and taught classes in stand-up comedy technique.

Edwards is also a voice artist, having done voice work for "Celebrity Deathmatch" and "Robotomy". He also did voice work for the audiobook version of Max Brooks' "World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War".

In the 2010 Halloween special "Scared Shrekless", he provided the voice of Donkey after Eddie Murphy declined; as Donkey, Edwards impersonated Murphy's vocal characterisation. Soon, Edwards got replaced himself when Eddie Murphy returned to play Donkey in the 2010 Christmas special "Donkey's Christmas Shrektacular".

Edwards was hired as a staff writer for Daily Comedy, a website where professional and amateur stand-up comedians post new jokes frequently.

Edwards has also appeared in commercials for Snickers and Ford.

Edwards joined the cast of "Saturday Night Live" in 2001. He developed several impressions, including Michael Jackson, Wayne Brady, Chris Tucker, Don Cheadle, Colin Powell, Serena Williams, Nipsey Russell, Grace Jones, Randy Jackson, Redman, Denzel Washington, and Billy Ocean. Despite his penchant for impressions, Edwards didn't get much screen time in his brief tenure on the show. He left after the show's 28th season (2003), citing creative differences.

In "Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Halftime Special", he did impressions of Savion Glover and Don Cheadle.



</doc>
<doc id="3241822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3241822" title="James Stephens (actor)">
James Stephens (actor)

James Stephens (born May 18, 1951) is an American television and film actor best known for his starring role as James T. Hart in the television series, "The Paper Chase".

Stephens was born in Mount Kisco, New York. He is best known for his role as idealistic Minnesota-born law student James T. Hart in "The Paper Chase" (1978–1979 and 1983-1986), taking on the role originated by Timothy Bottoms in the movie of the same name. He is also known for his role in Tom Bosley's ABC television series, "Father Dowling Mysteries" (1989-1991), in which Stephens was cast as Father Philip Prestwick.

His first role was as C. L. Bradley in the pilot and two episodes of the ABC western series, "How the West Was Won", starring James Arness. He guest-starred in such series as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "", "L.A. Law", "Matlock", "Moonlighting", "M*A*S*H", "Eischied", multiple characters on "Murder, She Wrote", a recurring role on "Cagney & Lacey", and the role of the young Doctor Auschlander in 1945 in flashbacks on "St. Elsewhere". His film appearances have included roles in "" (1978), "First Monday in October" (1981), "The Getaway" (1994), and "Against the Law" (1997).



</doc>
<doc id="3242614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3242614" title="Karl Yune">
Karl Yune

Karl Yune (born April 16, 1975) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Maseo Yamashiro in the DC comics TV franchise "Arrow", as Tak Mashido in the sci-fi film "Real Steel", and as Koichi in the film "Memoirs of a Geisha". His first lead role was in the cult thriller "", as Tran.

Yune, an Korean American, was born and raised in Washington, D.C. Yune was educated at Georgetown Preparatory School, an American Jesuit college preparatory school, one of the most selective and oldest all-boys school in the United States. Yune studied business, literature, and philosophy before he switched to a major in theater at Columbia University School of the Arts in New York after winning the role of Romeo for a presentation of "Romeo and Juliette".

Yune got his first lead role in a studio film as Tran, one of the guides in "". He has also appeared in "Forbidden Warrior", and "Memoirs of a Geisha", as well as in the short films "Miracle Mile" (which received several awards), and "Hold Up". He also acted in various Off-Broadway plays, and has done fashion modeling. Yune appears in the third season of "Arrow" as Maseo Yamashiro, (the Arrow's friend and mentor) who later becomes 2nd in command of the League of Assassins, and is also married to Katana, aka Tatsu Yamashiro.

Karl Yune is sometimes credited as Carl Yune and Karl Hahn (as in "Miracle Mile").

He is the younger brother of actor Rick Yune. Yune currently resides in Los Angeles.


</doc>
<doc id="3243160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3243160" title="Frank De Vol">
Frank De Vol

Frank Denny De Vol (September 20, 1911 – October 27, 1999) was an American actor, and using the name De Vol was an arranger and composer. As a composer he was nominated for four Academy Awards.

De Vol was born in Moundsville in Marshall County in northern West Virginia, and was reared in Canton, Ohio. His father, Herman Frank De Vol, was band-leader of the Grand Opera House in Canton, Ohio, and his mother, Minnie Emma Humphreys De Vol, had worked in a sewing shop. He attended Miami University.

De Vol began composing music when he was 12. When he was 14, he became a member of the Musicians' Union. After playing violin in his father's orchestra and appearances in a Chinese restaurant, he joined the Horace Heidt Orchestra in the 1930s, being responsible for the arrangements. Later, he toured with the Alvino Rey Orchestra, before embarking on his recording career.

By the time De Vol was 16, "he was doing arrangements with professional skill." From the 1940s, De Vol wrote arrangements for the studio recordings of many top singers, including Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, Sarah Vaughan, Tony Bennett, Dinah Shore, Doris Day, Vic Damone and Jaye P. Morgan. His single most famous arrangement is probably the haunting string and piano accompaniment to Cole's "Nature Boy", which was a United States Number One in 1948. That same year, he released a version of "The Teddy Bears' Picnic" (Capitol Records 15420), that he arranged and sang lead vocals on.

In 1966–1967, he arranged the soundtrack for the 1967 Columbia Pictures comedy film "The Happening" starring Anthony Quinn and co-produced The Supremes recording of the theme from the film with Motown producers Holland–Dozier–Holland which became a #1 American pop hit later that year.

The success of "Nature Boy", recorded for Capitol Records, led to an executive position for De Vol at the rival Columbia Records. There, he recorded a series of orchestral mood music albums under the studio name "Music by De Vol" (which he also used for some of his film and TV work). The 1959 album "Bacchanal! (The Passions and Pageantry of Gods and Goddesses of Mythology)" is an acclaimed example of De Vol's mood music; each track is by English composer Albert Harris and is named after a god or goddess of Greek mythology.

In the 1950s, De Vol's orchestra played frequently at the Hollywood Palladium under the concert name "Music of the Century".

De Vol's orchestra and arrangements were available to radio stations via electrical transcriptions. His work was syndicated by Capitol Transcriptions, for which he also was musical director.

De Vol wrote the scores for many Hollywood movies, receiving Academy Award nominations for four of them: "Pillow Talk" (1959), "Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte" (1964), "Cat Ballou" (1965) and "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" (1967).

De Vol's numerous scores included "Kiss Me Deadly" (1955), "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962), "McLintock!" (1963), "The Flight of the Phoenix" (1965), "The Glass Bottom Boat" (1966), "The Dirty Dozen" (1967), "Hustle" (1975), "Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo" (1977) and "Herbie Goes Bananas" (1980). He also scored many Doris Day comedies and films for director Robert Aldrich.

De Vol also composed the jingle for the Screen Gems' "Dancing Sticks" logo (1963–1965), which appeared on all television series produced by the television division of Columbia Pictures.

De Vol was musical director (and occasionally seen) on Edgar Bergen's CBS Television prime-time game show "Do You Trust Your Wife?" (1956-1957). "Frank De Vol's orchestra" was featured on the NBC Television prime-time musical variety series "The Lux Show Starring Rosemary Clooney" (1957-1958). During this time, he appeared on "The Betty White Show" (1954) and Rod Cameron's syndicated "State Trooper". In 1964 he was seen in an episode during the first season of, "My Favorite Martian" and several guest spots on different television shows throughout the 1960s. In the 1970s, he appeared as the ironically named dour bandleader Happy Kyne on the talk show satire/parody "Fernwood 2 Night" (1977) and "America 2-Night" (1978).

De Vol is best recognized for his television theme tunes, like "Family Affair", "Gidget", "The Brady Bunch" and "My Three Sons". The "My Three Sons" theme was musically complex, with a piano playing a triplet obligato (the famous tune "Chopsticks") over the melody in time, and was a hit single in 1961. He composed scores for episodes of "McCloud" and "The Love Boat", amongst other work for television.

Beginning in 1969, "The Fuzz" became the theme song of Brazilian television newscast "Jornal Nacional". KOOL-TV (later KTSP, now KSAZ-TV) was the first television station to use the song. WKBW-TV also used the theme music for the first version of what would eventually become known as "Eyewitness News". It would later be replaced by the "Action News" theme "Move Closer to Your World".

De Vol was also an actor specializing in deadpan comic characters, especially as the dour bandleader Happy Kyne on the talk show parodies "Fernwood 2 Night" and "America 2-Night", in 1977-78. He also made guest appearances on TV in "I'm Dickens, He's Fenster", "I Dream of Jeannie", "Gidget," "Bonanza", "Petticoat Junction" - (1967 episode: "That Was the Night That Was" & 1969 episode: "The Organ Fund" - as Reverend Barton), "Mickey" starring Mickey Rooney, "The Brady Bunch", "Get Smart" (at least 2 appearances as Professor Carleton) and "The Jeffersons". De Vol had also comic roles as Chief Eaglewood, the head of the Thundercloud Boys' Camp in 1961's "The Parent Trap", and as the onscreen narrator in Jerry Lewis's 1967 comedy film "The Big Mouth".

De Vol also appeared as a bandleader in the last season of "My Three Sons", in addition to writing the theme music and serving as in-house composer for most of the show's twelve seasons. He also scored most episodes of "Family Affair", including many of the same incidental music cues as "My Three Sons".

In 1980, he appeared in the second season of "Diff'rent Strokes", episode 22 called, "The Slumber Party".

De Vol preferred to be credited as "Frank De Vol" for his acting appearances, and as "De Vol" for his musical work.

De Vol was initiated as an honorary member of the Gamma Omega chapter of Phi Mu Alpha Sinfonia, the national fraternity for men in music, in 1962.

In the mid 1990s, when well into his eighties, De Vol was active in the Big Band Academy of America.

De Vol was married twice. His first marriage was to Grayce Agnes McGinty in 1935. This 54-year marriage produced two daughters, Linda Morehouse and Donna Copeland, and ended with Grayce's death in 1989. His second marriage was to television actress and big band singer Helen O'Connell from 1991 until her death in 1993.

De Vol died of congestive heart failure on October 27, 1999, in Lafayette, California. He is interred at the Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery in Hollywood Hills.





</doc>
<doc id="3244295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3244295" title="Art Baker (actor)">
Art Baker (actor)

Art Baker (born Arthur Appleton Shank; January 7, 1898 – August 26, 1966) was an American film, television and radio actor.

Baker was born January 7, 1898, in New York City. He initially planned to be a singer, and during World War I he was a song leader while serving in the United States Army. During his time on the Army, Art's hair turned prematurely white and would later serve as his trademark look. His post-war occupations included touring with traveling evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson, founder of the Foursquare Church, and operating an appliance store in Glendale, California.

Baker's radio career began as an announcer on KFSG. Art was later employed at Forest Lawn Memorial Park as a tour guide. When it began a radio program, "Tapestries of Life", Baker was chosen to be the narrator. He went on to work on as many as 22 shows per week. The show aired on KFI and would become syndicated nationally. "Tapestries of Life" aired for 2 decades. In 1956, Time Magazine would feature an article on Art Baker titled “Radio: The Voice from Forest Lawn.”

In 1936 General Mills cast Art as Captain Bob Baker the Bisquick Maker to host the CBS show "Hollywood in Person". The show was a first of its kind tabloid show where a “studio on wheels” mobile production trailer would arrive at set locations to conduct candid interviews with celebrities about their gossip and rumors. The show was co-hosted by Miss Louise Roberts (Lois Collier) and ran for 2 years.

On September 8, 1938, Baker created "Art Baker's Notebook" on Los Angeles' KFI radio station, which lasted for two decades. The program was syndicated in over 57 markets via electrical transcription. The show would air uninterrupted for over 2,000 episodes. An innovative and widely successful publicity stunt was performed in 1947 on "Art Baker’s Notebook" when Art interviewed Jimmy Stewart about his upcoming film "It’s a Wonderful Life" Art offered listeners a free transcript of the show and photo of him with Jimmy Stewart. The show received nearly 50,000 letters in the first week.

From 1939-41 he worked on "The Hedda Hopper Show" sponsored by Sunkist.

In 1941 Art Baker became the announcer for Bob Hope’s "The Pepsodent Show".

"People Are Funny" debuted on NBC on April 10, 1942 with Art Baker as host. The program’s stunts and audience participation were calculated to reveal the humorous side of human nature. "People Are Funny" was the first game show to air repeats. Art Baker would be replaced by Art Linkletter in 1943.

Also in 1943, he hosted the CBS show "Meet Joe Public" where studio audience members would voice views on current events.

In the 1930s and 1940s Art’s voice could be heard in all major markets in the US and he was a part of as many as 22 different aired shows, commercials, or productions a week.

Baker appeared in more than 40 films. His tall, slim frame, snow white hair, smooth slightly nasal voice and genial nature made him a natural choice to play business executives, doctors, and senators in film.

In 1939 Art narrated a historical documentary on the City of Glendale, California called “Glendale on Parade.” Glendale on Parade became the only documentary of its kind for the city and featured many historical landmarks and achievements in Glendale history. It also served as a time capsule capturing the everyday life of an emerging city in the 1930s.

In 1943, Art Baker narrated the Academy Award nominated, Walt Disney produced, propaganda documentary "Victory through Air Power". This film was created to catch the attention of government officials and to build public morale among the U.S. and Allied powers. The film played a significant role for the Disney Corporation because it was the beginning of their entry into educational films in which their cartoon characters were used as marketing tools.

In 1945 Art Baker was cast as Detective Lt. Cooley in Alfred Hitchcock’s critically acclaimed and Oscar Nominated film "Spellbound" starring Gregory Peck and Ingrid Bergman.

In 1947 Art Baker worked with Loretta Young in "The Farmer’s Daughter". Young would win the Oscar for Best Actress for her role as Katrin Holstrom.

In 1949 Art Baker would get title card credit in "Cover Up" starring William Bendix, Dennis O’Keefe and Barbara Britton.

Baker hosted many television shows in his career but is best known for his work on a series he created in 1950 titled "You Asked For It" (for which he became affectionately dubbed, the "genie with the light, white hair"). The show debuted under the title of "The Art Baker Show" and aired on the DuMont Television Network. The style was a write-in format that allowed viewers to make requests as to what they would like to see. The show would travel the world fulfilling the requests of its viewers. In 1951 the shows name was changed to "You Asked for It" and was moved to ABC. It aired until 1959 and became the longest running show if its kind and established the format for future travel/variety shows. The show would become one of Art’s greatest achievements and solidify his place in television history. During the last 20 months of the show, Baker was replaced by Jack Smith.

Another Baker TV program, "End of the Rainbow", debuted January 11, 1958. The program helped unsuspecting people "who are in need of a push to make a success of their dreams, such as a chance to regain a sound footing in business..." The show was co-hosted by Bob Barker.

Baker has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his work in radio and TV. The star, at 6509 Hollywood Boulevard, was dedicated on February 8, 1960.

In 1920 Baker married Marian Hill and had four children, Virginia, who died of TB, Arthur (Bart), Robert and Dorothy. They divorced in the late 1920s.

In 1930 Arthur married Maida Sarah Waters (Aimee Semple Mcpherson’s secretary) . They had one child, Diane, who attended Hoover High School in Glendale, CA. They divorced in 1945.

Art married Broadway actress Alice Weaver in 1948 and they divorced in 1956.

On August 11, 1957 Art Baker married his 4th wife, famed magician Gerri Larsen, in London. Their marriage was featured on the cover of Geni Magazine. Gerri Larsen’s sons, Milt and Bill were the founders of The Magic Castle in Hollywood in 1963. Art became the host of “It’s Magic” a stage show credited with rejuvenating interest in magic in America.

Art was a Rotarian and was the Song Leader for the 1938 Rotary International Annual Convention in San Francisco, CA.

Art Baker lived in Glendale, CA for most of his career and would later move to Palm Springs, CA.

Baker died of a heart attack at a bank in Los Angeles August 26, 1966. He was survived by his wife, a daughter, and two stepsons.

He is interned in the Great Mausoleum at Forest Lawn Glendale, in the same hall where he began his career.



</doc>
<doc id="3248667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3248667" title="Bryan Gordon">
Bryan Gordon

Bryan Gordon is an American film and television director, writer and producer who is primarily known for directing comedy television shows.

Gordon was born and raised in Dover, Delaware. He graduated from Dover High School. He graduated from the University of Delaware in 1969. He is Jewish.

After college, Gordon moved to New York City and started his career as a comedy writer on the ABC late night variety show "Fridays" in the early 1980s. He became an independent filmmaker, writing and directing the Academy Award-winning short "Ray’s Male Heterosexual Dance Hall" (1987) and the feature film "Pie in the Sky" starring Anne Heche, John Goodman, and Josh Charles. He also directed the feature film "Career Opportunities".

Gordon has directed episodes on such TV series as "Grace and Frankie", "The Office", "Weeds", "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", "The West Wing", "Ally McBeal", "Boston Public", "Sports Night" (also starring Josh Charles), "Curb Your Enthusiasm" (created, written by and starring Larry David, Gordon's co-worker on "Fridays"), "Freaks and Geeks" and "The Wonder Years".

He has directed numerous television pilots — among them "One Tree Hill" — setting the look and design for the series. He directed and produced the TBS pilot "The Wedding Band" that premiered in 2012. Also in 2012, he directed the 30 for 30 documentary short for ESPN, "The Arnold Palmer", which was nominated for a Sports Emmy for Outstanding New Approaches Sports Programming in 2013.

In 2009 and 2010, he directed and produced the series "Party Down" for the Starz Network. In 2015, he co-created, executive produced, and directed Yahoo Screen original series "Sin City Saints".

Gordon has been nominated three times for the Directors Guild of America Award. In 2002, he received its Award for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series.

He also been nominated for an Emmy Award twice — both for his work on the HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm", which he directed numerous episodes over its entire run.

He is a member of his alma mater the University of Delaware’s Wall of Fame.

Bryan Gordon is married to filmmaker Jessie Nelson. They reside in Los Angeles and have a daughter, actress Molly Gordon (born c. 1995).




</doc>
<doc id="3251910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3251910" title="Daniel Escobar">
Daniel Escobar

Daniel R. Escobar (April 9, 1964 – December 13, 2013) was an American actor known for playing Mr. Escobar, a teacher on the Disney Channel TV series, "Lizzie McGuire". His other television credits include "Charmed", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "NYPD Blue", and "Malcolm in the Middle", amongst others. He died in a Los Angeles hospital on December 13, 2013, from complications resulting from diabetes; he was 49 years old.

His last role was a waiter in "Whitney" back in 2011. He was born in California.


</doc>
<doc id="3252494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3252494" title="John Hodgman">
John Hodgman

John Kellogg Hodgman (born June 3, 1971) is an American author, actor, and humorist. In addition to his published written works, such as "The Areas of My Expertise", "More Information Than You Require", and "That Is All", he is known for his personification of a PC in contrast to Justin Long's personification of a Mac in Apple's "Get a Mac" advertising campaign, and for his work as a contributor on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart."

His writings have been published in "One Story" (to which he contributed the debut story "Villanova"), "The Paris Review", "McSweeney's Quarterly Concern", "Wired" and "The New York Times Magazine," for which he is editor of the humor section. He contributes to "This American Life," and CBC Radio One’s "Wiretap." His first book and accompanying audio narration, "The Areas of My Expertise", a satirical tongue-in-cheek almanac that contains almost no factual information, was published in 2005. His second book, "More Information Than You Require," went on sale October 21, 2008. His third book, "That Is All", went on sale November 1, 2011. "Vacationland: True Stories from Painful Beaches," a collection of "real life wanderings" about Hodgman's life experiences (especially in Western Massachusetts and coastal Maine) was published on October 24, 2017. "Vacationland" was a finalist for the 2018 Thurber Prize for American Humor. His new book, "Medallion Status" was released on October 17, 2019.

Hodgman was the headline speaker at the 2009 Radio and Television Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, D.C.

Hodgman was born and raised in Brookline, Massachusetts, the son of Eileen (née Callahan), a nurse and educator, and John Francis Hodgman, the President and CEO of the Massachusetts Technology Development Corporation and a professor at Tufts University. He attended the Heath School and Brookline High School, where he edited the underground magazine "Samizdat", named for the grassroots dissident publishing movement produced under the Soviet Bloc. During his last year of high school, he hosted the weekly "Radio Consuelo" show on freeform station WMFO in Medford.

In 1994 Hodgman graduated from Yale University with a degree in literature, focusing on literary criticism. Before gaining fame as a writer, Hodgman worked as a literary agent at Writers House in New York City, where he represented Darin Strauss, Deborah Digges, and actor Bruce Campbell, among others. Hodgman has used his experience as an agent in his column “Ask a Former Professional Literary Agent” at "McSweeney's Internet Tendency."

Hodgman appeared on "The Daily Show" on November 16, 2005, to promote his book, "The Areas of My Expertise." Host Jon Stewart described the book as “very funny” and said that the section on hobo names in particular was written with “a certain kind of genius.” Hodgman has returned to the "Daily Show" numerous times for "resident expert" interview segments, and has been listed on the show's web site as a contributor.

In 2005, Hodgman played a character named "The Deranged Millionaire" in They Might Be Giants's "Venue Songs DVD/CD", narrating in between songs with dialog he co-wrote with the band. The Deranged Millionaire character also appeared on "The Daily Show" on April 2, 2014. He also narrated a number of "Venue Songs"-themed setlists during the band's live shows in 2005, and has introduced the band while in the role of The Deranged Millionaire up to May 16, 2007. Hodgman appeared again with They Might Be Giants on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson", on December 11, 2009. Hodgman performed the spoken-word portions of the song "Why Does the Sun Shine?"
In February 2006, Hodgman appeared on "Attack of the Show," a show that aired daily on G4, to share some insight with the host and promote his book "The Areas of My Expertise". In this appearance, Hodgman recounted the sad tale of the lobster (which he said were actually a small, furry, extinct species, killed and replaced by the creatures we think of as lobsters today) and brought along Jonathan Coulton, a frequent Hodgman collaborator and musical director of the Little Gray Book lectures. Coulton performed a song called "Furry Old Lobster." Also, on October 18, 2008, Hodgman appeared again on "Attack of the Show" to talk about his newest book, "More Information Than You Require."

Hodgman appeared in the North American Get a Mac advertising campaign for Apple Inc., which ran from May 2006 through 2010. In the ads he plays the personification of a PC alongside his Mac counterpart, played by actor Justin Long. In reality, however, Hodgman himself became a Mac user in 1984.

In 2007, Hodgman appeared in the "Bowie" episode of the HBO television series "Flight of the Conchords." He played the manager of a musical greeting card company who was considering using one of the band's songs for a greeting card.

On October 1, 2008, "Boing Boing"s Xeni Jardin announced the official debut of the web series "SPAMasterpiece Theater". Hodgman himself described it as "true tale[s] of romance, adventure, infamy, and low-cost prescription drugs, all culled from the reams of actual, unsolicited emails, received here by us and people like you – what we call SPAM."

Hodgman appeared in the episode "No Exit" of "Battlestar Galactica," appearing as the civilian neurosurgeon, Dr. Gerard. He had earlier visited the set in 2005 to write about the show for "The New York Times Magazine."

On June 19, 2009, Hodgman was the headline speaker at the 2009 Radio and Television Correspondents' Association dinner in Washington, D.C. Hodgman referred to this event as a "Nerd Prom." Many of his jokes were on the topic of President Barack Obama as the first nerd president, and quizzed the president on his knowledge of Frank Herbert's novel "Dune."

Hodgman appeared in the last two episodes of the first season of "Bored to Death," "The Case of the Stolen Sperm" and "Take a Dive," as a literary reviewer who wrote a bad review that offended the main character. He returned in the second and third seasons.

Hodgman voice-acted on "The Venture Bros." in the episode "Self-Medication" as Dale Hale, an ex-boy detective in therapy following the death of his father. He has since had multiple appearances in Season 5 as O.S.I. operative Snoopy, along with other roles.

Also, during the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards in September 2009, Hodgman provided color commentary with made up trivia about the winners. He reprised this role for the 62nd Primetime Emmy Awards in August 2010.

Because of his continuing support for "QI," the BBC's intellectual comedy quiz, to be shown on BBC America, Hodgman was invited to appear on the show. He was the first “fifth panelist" on the program broadcast December 3, 2009 (the usual line-up being Stephen Fry as host, Alan Davies as regular panelist and three guests)—and won, continuing the tradition of a guest winning their "rookie" appearance on the show.

In 2012, Hodgman guest-starred in an episode of "Delocated" called "Reunion Show," acting as the host of a fictional show-within-a-show. Also in 2012, he appeared as a psychiatrist in an episode of "Community" called "Curriculum Unavailable."

Hodgman made a guest appearance on the sitcom series "Husbands" in its second season.

In 2013, Hodgman starred as "Special Agent Henry Topple" in "Wired"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s first scripted web series "Codefellas".
Hodgman appeared as public radio personality August Clementine in the episode "Anniversaries" of "Parks and Recreation", which aired in February 2014.

Hodgman has a supporting role in the FX comedy "Married", which premiered in July 2014.

In December 2014, Hodgman appeared in three episodes of the Amazon Studios series "Mozart in the Jungle".

In 2014–2015, Hodgman appeared for three episodes as a fictionalized version of psychiatrist and medical doctor Henry Cotton on the Cinemax series "The Knick".

In 2016, Hodgman played the role of Travis, a local television station manager, in four episodes of the second season of Amazon's "Red Oaks" series.

In November 2017, Hodgman was named one of ""Portland Magazine's"" "10 Most Intriguing Mainers."

Netflix, the American streaming media website, aired the comedy special "" on June 20, 2013, as a "Netflix Original". The special featured material from Hodgman's most recent book, "That Is All", and his December 21, 2012 show at The Bell House in New York.

In 2010, Hodgman began hosting a weekly, comedic court show podcast called Judge John Hodgman. The program features Hodgman acting as a judge (with Jesse Thornas bailiff) adjudicating real-life disputes within a fictional courtroom setting. The cases answer questions like, "Should the kitchen sink's built-in dispenser be filled with dish soap or hand soap?" and "Can you stop family members from using your childhood nickname?"

In January 2020, the podcast aired its 450th episode. Judge John Hodgman is distributed online by Maximum Fun.


Hodgman has been a guest on radio programs including WBEZ's "This American Life", and "The Sound of Young America", WFMU's "The Best Show on WFMU", NPR's "Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me," North Carolina Public Radio's "The State of Things," Live Wire Radio (Episode 374), and BBC's "Museum of Curiosity."

Hodgman has been featured on podcasts including occasional appearances as "Judge John Hodgman" on "Jordan, Jesse, Go!" which led to a stand-alone podcast produced by Maximum Fun. Hodgman was a guest alongside Jonathan Coulton on episodes of "You Look Nice Today". Hodgman was a guest on "This Week In Tech" with Leo Laporte, "Stuff You Should Know", and has been featured on the podcast "Boing Boing TV". Hodgman appeared in person and on the NPR radio broadcast of "City Arts and Lectures", in a recorded interview by Dave Eggers, in front of a live studio audience on November 10, 2008, at the Herbst Theatre in San Francisco, California. He was a guest on Neil deGrasse Tyson's radio show "StarTalk Radio" on February 27, 2011. He appeared again on "City Arts and Lectures", in front of a live audience at the Nourse Theater, interviewing Adam Savage on May 29, 2013.

Hodgman appeared on Ken Reid's "TV Guidance Counselor" podcast on September 23, 2016.



As contributor:
As author:



</doc>
<doc id="3252839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3252839" title="Colin Egglesfield">
Colin Egglesfield

Colin Egglesfield (born February 9, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Josh Madden in the long-running soap opera "All My Children", Auggie Kirkpatrick on The CW's short-lived drama series "Melrose Place", and Evan Parks on "The Client List".

Egglesfield was born in Farmington Hills, Michigan, the second child of Kathleen (née Dineen) and William Egglesfield, a physician. His mother is Irish. He has two siblings: an older sister, Kerry, and a younger brother, Sean. He was brought up in a Catholic household.

Egglesfield spent his early childhood in the Metro Detroit area. At the age of ten, he and his family moved to Morris, Illinois, a small community south of Chicago. Growing up, he was more studious than rambunctious, preferring to spend Friday nights alone building model airplanes. His dream was to follow his father's footsteps as a physician, but became interested in acting watching his older sister Kerry perform.

Shy in his adolescent years, he credits his prep football coach, Dave Mattio, with helping gain a positive self-esteem. After Egglesfield graduated from Marian Catholic High School in Chicago Heights, he attended Illinois Wesleyan University and played for the football team. He transferred to the University of Iowa, where he was in the pre-med program. After he received his BS from Iowa he backpacked throughout Europe.

To earn money for medical school, Egglesfield turned to modeling. He won a contest (he entered at the urging of a friend), and soon after, he left medicine behind for a modeling career. He is signed with Beatrice Model agency in Milan, Italy, and DNA Model Management in New York City. He modeled for Versace, Calvin Klein, and Armani, among others before he started acting. In the late 90's, he was featured on the covers of Italian Vogue (shot by Steven Meisel) and L'Uomo Vogue (twice, photographed by Bruce Weber and Ellen Von Unwerth respectively).

After taking drama classes, Egglesfield found himself guest starring on television series such as "", "The $treet", "Gilmore Girls", "Charmed", and "Nip/Tuck". He also had a small role in the 2005 film "Must Love Dogs", in addition to many other minor film projects. On September 26, 2005, he made his debut on "All My Children", taking over the role of Josh Madden from his short-lived predecessor Scott Kinworthy. In 2005, Egglesfield was named one of "People" magazine's "Sexiest Men Alive". In 2006, he attended the "Cackalacky Film Festival" in Charlotte, N.C., where his film "Beautiful Dreamer" was awarded Best American Full Feature Film.

Beginning in the fall of 2009, Egglesfield portrayed chef/surfer guy Auggie Kirkpatrick in The CW's 2009 series "Melrose Place". However, due to a change in the direction of the show, Eggelesfield and his co-star Ashlee Simpson-Wentz were fired and his character was written out of the show during the thirteenth episode. In 2011, he starred in the film adaptation of "Something Borrowed" opposite Kate Hudson. As of August 2011, Egglesfield plays the recurring role of Tommy Rizzoli on TNT's "Rizzoli & Isles". From 2012 to 2013, he starred as Evan Parks on the Lifetime drama series "The Client List".

He owns and runs his own New York City-based clothing company Shout Out Clothing!, which he principally uses as a vehicle to promote and support educational initiatives such as "Project Grad", and also "Stay in school" programs.



</doc>
<doc id="3261138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3261138" title="Jorma Taccone">
Jorma Taccone

Jorma Christopher Taccone (; born March 19, 1977) is an American comedian, director, actor, and writer. He is one-third of the sketch comedy troupe The Lonely Island, with childhood friends Andy Samberg and Akiva Schaffer. In 2010 he co-wrote and directed the "SNL" spinoff film "MacGruber", which was his directorial debut. He directed his second feature alongside Schaffer, the musical comedy "", which he also co-wrote and co-starred in with Schaffer and Samberg.

Taccone was born in Berkeley, California, the son of Sue Ellen and Tony Taccone, the artistic director of the Berkeley Repertory Theatre. His father is of half Italian and half Puerto Rican descent while his mother is of Finnish, Dutch and German descent. He attended University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and graduated with a BA in Theater in 2000. His brother, Asa Taccone, is a member of the band Electric Guest.

Taccone lives in New York City. He is married to film director Marielle Heller, with whom he has a son (born December 12, 2014). His brother-in-law Nate, a musician, composed the scores for "The Diary of a Teenage Girl" and "Can You Ever Forgive Me?". His sister-in-law Emily is a stand-up comic and a writer for the HBO comedy "Barry".

In the fall of 2005, Samberg, Taccone, and Schaffer joined the staff of NBC's late-night variety show "Saturday Night Live". Since then, as The Lonely Island, they have created more than 100 "SNL" Digital Shorts including the YouTube favorites "Lazy Sunday" (featuring Chris Parnell), "Jizz in My Pants", "I'm on a Boat" (featuring T-Pain) and the Emmy-winning "Dick in a Box" (featuring Justin Timberlake). Taccone produces much of the music for The Lonely Island, including "Lazy Sunday", "Dick in a Box", and many other tracks that appear on The Lonely Island first album, "Incredibad", released in February 2009. As a director, he is responsible for the "SNL" shorts "MacGruber", "Business Meeting", "Sloths", "Giraffes", and others. He also directed a "MacGruber" Pepsi commercial spot for the 43rd Super Bowl, which aired February 1, 2009.

In 2007, Taccone co-starred in Paramount's "Hot Rod" (starring Andy Samberg, directed by Akiva Schaffer). He is also one of the principal actors in the music video "Jizz in My Pants". He played Guy #2 in "We Like Sportz", reprising the role from "Just 2 Guyz". He played the lead role of Brett in The Lonely Island's "The 'Bu", the group's record-breaking contribution to Channel 101, where he played a ninja who did not belong. "The 'Bu", a parody of "The OC", also starred Sarah Chalke as Melissa and Andy Samberg as Aaron. In the group's first Channel 101 show, "ITV Buzz Countdown", he played Chris Hoffman, a fictional VJ in a parody of MTV's "Total Request Live".

Taccone made a cameo appearance in "Role Models" as Mitch from Graphics, where he sang a karaoke version of the Scorpions' "Rock You Like a Hurricane"; and co-starred in the Gnarls Barkley music video for the song "Who's Gonna Save My Soul".

Taccone appeared as Cha-Ka in Universal's 2009 film "Land of the Lost" (starring Will Ferrell), for which he was nominated for the Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor. In August 2009, he directed his first film, an adaptation of the "Saturday Night Live" sketch "MacGruber", and was featured as part of the group male vocals on Lightspeed Champion's album "Life Is Sweet! Nice to Meet You". As of "SNL"'s 36th season, he is no longer cited in the end credits, though he is still listed on the NBC website as a writer and holds the unofficial title of "Sexiest Member of Lonely Island". However, according to the band's website, thelonelyisland.com, "the Dudes" are still responsible for the SNL Digital Shorts. It was later confirmed Taccone had left "Saturday Night Live", though he worked on some shorts in the 36th season.

Taccone acted in season 5 of MyDamnChannel's "Wainy Days" and is the director of the AT&T Wireless television ad campaign "It's Not Complicated". He also had a recurring role on the HBO show "Girls" as the character Booth Jonathan.

In 2015, Taccone appeared in the Kickstarter short movie "Kung Fury" as Adolf Hitler (A.K.A. Kung-Führer).




</doc>
<doc id="3262070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3262070" title="Ron Masak">
Ron Masak

Ronald Alan Masak (born July 1, 1936) is an American actor. He began as a stage performer, and much of his work was in theater until he transitioned to film and television, where he became a familiar character actor.

In 1968, he appeared alongside Vince Lombardi in the short film, "Second Effort". That same year, he also appeared in a supporting role in the submarine action film "Ice Station Zebra". 

In addition to two guest appearances on the sitcom "I Dream of Jeannie", he also had a role in the pilot film for "Jeannie" star Barbara Eden's subsequent series "Harper Valley PTA" and worked again with "Jeannie" co-star Larry Hagman in an episode of the crime series "The Rockford Files".

Masak's first screen role was as the Harmonica Man in "The Purple Testament", an episode of "The Twilight Zone" in 1960. Masak appeared as "Mike the boxer" on "The Flying Nun", season 1, episode 26 ("Where There's a Will"), which first aired March 13, 1968. Masak appeared as "Officer #2" on "Bewitched", Season 7, Episode 4 ("Samantha's Hot Bedwarmer"), first aired on October 15, 1970, and “Irving Bates Sr” Season 6, Episode 23 (“Just a Kid Again”).

He had a guest appearance as Beauregard Jackson in the episode "Hurricane" on "Land of the Lost". He appeared in the second season of "Barney Miller" episode of "The Horse Thief" as officer Shriker, and was a guest star in the "Welcome Home, Vince" episode of "The Feather and Father Gang" in 1977 and in the episode "The Two-Million-Dollar Stowaway" of "The Eddie Capra Mysteries" in 1978. In 1981, he guest starred on the "Magnum, P.I." episode "Skin Deep". He also guest starred on an episode of "Quincy, M.E."

He is perhaps best known for a recurring role on "Murder, She Wrote" as the Cadillac convertible-driving Sheriff, Mort Metzger, although he did make appearances as two other characters in the series, in "Footnote to Murder" as Lt. Meyer and in "No Accounting for Murder" as Marty Giles.

In the 1980s and early 1990s, he was dubbed "The King of Commercials" for his many commercials, including voice-over work, most notably for a Vlasic pickles ad. From 1982-83, he voiced "Meatballs" on the CBS cartoon series "Meatballs & Spaghetti". He did the voice for Veteran Holt in the video-game "".

In 1990, Masak was a panelist on the revival of the television game show, "To Tell the Truth", and appeared on several other game shows as a panelist (including "Match Game" and "Super Password").

The son of Floyd Lewis and Mildred Alice Masak, Ron Masak was honorary sheriff of Tarzana, California, for 35 years.

Masak married Kay Knebes in 1961; they have six children.

Masak is also the first cousin of actor Michael Gross of "Family Ties" and former Saturday Night Live cast member Mary Gross.


</doc>
<doc id="3263294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3263294" title="Lindsay Crosby">
Lindsay Crosby

Lindsay Harry Crosby (January 5, 1938 – December 11, 1989) was an American actor and singer. He was the youngest of four sons from Bing Crosby's first marriage to Dixie Lee (his older brothers being Gary and twins Phillip and Dennis). Lindsay began his career singing alongside his three brothers and his father. He was remembered by his friends for having a laid-back, clever wit like his father.

Lindsay Crosby was born in California and named for his father's closest friend and horse racing partner, Lindsay Howard.

He was educated at Loyola High School, Los Angeles and after graduating in 1956 he enrolled at Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts but left after only one semester. He then joined the Army and after his discharge in February 1959, he formed a vocal group with his brothers. When he was 21 in 1959, Lindsay inherited $200,000 from his late mother's trust.

Lindsay had sung with his brothers on their father's radio shows and they participated in a record with Bing in 1950 called "A Crosby Christmas" which charted at number 22 in the "Billboard" lists in December, 1950. The following year, the thirteen year old Lindsay made two solo records for Decca accompanied by John Scott Trotter and his Orchestra – "That's What I Want for Christmas" (Decca 27812) and "Dear Mister Santa Claus" (Decca). <br>
In 1955 and 1956, he made many appearances on his father's radio show. On October 13, 1957, he had a guest spot on a major TV special called "The Edsel Show" singing "In the Middle of an Island". Whilst still in the Army, he signed a record contract with RCA-Victor on February 25, 1958 and he made a number of records for them.

He performed with his brothers Gary, Dennis, and Phillip Crosby as the Crosby Boys during the late 1950s and early 60s in nightclubs and on television.
They were featured on the cover of "Life" on September 15, 1958. An appearance on "The Phil Silvers Show" on November 14, 1958, followed, and they made their debut as a singing group at Tucson, Arizona in 1959. Moving on to the Chez Paree, Chicago, in June 1959, they earned a good review from "Variety" which said:

CROSBY BROS. Chez Paree, Chicago. Songs 58 Mins. Bing Crosby's four sons are launched on the cabaret scene in high style. The frères – Gary, Phillip, Dennis and Lindsay – have a superlative act that is likely to abash those skeptics who surmised the boys would trade merely on the lustrous family name.

They continued to perform successfully at locations such as the Sahara in Las Vegas and the El Morocco nightclub in Montreal. However, after one of their performances at El Morocco in December 1959, the boys fought among themselves and Gary Crosby left the group.

Phillip, Dennis, and Lindsay continued without Gary and they were given useful exposure on the "Bing Crosby Show" seen on ABC-TV on February 29, 1960. Bing took the place of Gary to sing "Joshua Fit the Battle of Jericho" with his sons, who also sang two other songs themselves. They made their first LP for their father's company, Project Records, in April 1960, which was released by MGM Records and was well received.

The Crosby Brothers – Dennis – Philip – Lindsay Crosby (MGM); "Dinah" (Mills*), a hip version of the oldie, makes a promising disk bow for this trio of Bing Crosby offspring. "The Green Grass Grows All Around" (Marfran*) is a bright ensemble of this folk tune.

To promote the album, the brothers appeared on the "I've Got a Secret" show and taught the panel how to lip-sync to "I Can't Give You Anything but Love."

Starting at the Desert Inn in Las Vegas and continuing for the next two years, the three men enjoyed useful success as The Crosby Brothers at venues such as the Chi Chi in Palm Springs, The Venetian room at the Fairmont in San Francisco, and the Latin Quarter in New York. During their stay at the Latin Quarter, they appeared on the "What's My Line?" TV show on May 14, 1961.

On television, the Crosby Brothers starred on several high-profile shows such as Perry Como's "Kraft Music Hall" (twice), "The Ed Sullivan Show" (four times) and of course the "Bing Crosby Show" (twice).

The Crosby Brothers act folded, however, when Lindsay Crosby had a breakdown in July 1962 in Juarez, Mexico. Earlier in the year, Lindsay's wife, Barbara (who was eight months pregnant), attempted suicide and was rushed unconscious into St. Joseph Hospital, Burbank. She was released from the hospital on February 20 but a few days later she gave birth prematurely to a one and one-half pound baby boy who died one hour after delivery. Lindsay, who was in Miami, suffered feelings of guilt which subsequently necessitated lengthy psychological treatment including being hospitalized for some time.

In the years after his nervous breakdown he went through two divorces and was arrested several times for drunk driving and battery. He never held a steady job, and his own attempts at an entertainment career, including appearances in such low-budget films as "The Glory Stompers" and "Scream Free!" were not successful.

The Crosby Boys' own inability to cope blighted their lives. Their father had given an interview in 1959 when he said, "I guess I didn't do very well bringing my boys up. I think I failed them by giving them too much work and discipline, too much money, and too little time and attention. But I did my best and so did their mother." Lindsay responded by saying "I don't know how our dad could feel he's failed us as a father. Reading that he had said that in an interview really shook me up. I only hope someday that I can give my son a tenth of what Dad has given us. And that I can rate any part of the admiration we've always felt for him. That's why it hurt so much to see him knocking himself in print. Taking himself apart and saying he punished us too much, that he was too strict with us, that he made us work too hard, that he spent too little time with us. That really shook me up."

Heavy drinking and emotional problems took their toll. Crosby died on December 11, 1989, from a self-inflicted rifle shot to the head. He was 51. A family spokeswoman said Crosby shot himself to death in a Las Virgenes apartment after learning that the inheritance he relied on to support his family was gone. His distraught brother Dennis never recovered from Lindsay's death and also died by suicide with a shotgun in May 1991.




</doc>
<doc id="3263725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3263725" title="Phillip Crosby">
Phillip Crosby

Phillip Lang Crosby (July 13, 1934 – January 13, 2004) was an American actor and singer. He was one of the four sons of Bing Crosby and Dixie Lee; the others were his older brother Gary, his twin brother Dennis, and his younger brother Lindsay. Phillip began his career singing alongside his three brothers and his father.

Crosby was born at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. He graduated from Bellarmine College Preparatory in San Jose in June 1952 and went on to Washington State College at Pullman with his twin brother Dennis for a three-year animal husbandry course. It was thought for a time that twins might take over the running of their father's ranch in Elko, Nevada. It had been the custom for many years for Bing Crosby to take his sons to the ranch each summer for several weeks before going on to Hayden Lake, Idaho, prior to their return to school. As children, the twins were exposed to show business in a big way and appeared on Bing Crosby's various radio shows with their brothers Gary and Lindsay.

When he was 21 in 1955, Phillip inherited $200,000 from his late mother's trust.

Phillip began his national service with the Army in 1955 and was posted to West Germany in February 1956 to join his twin. They were part of the 24th Medical Detachment of the 10th Infantry Division at Schweinfurt.

After leaving the army, Phillip went into show business.

Phillip had sung with his brothers on their father's radio shows and they participated in a record with Bing in 1950 called "A Crosby Christmas" which charted at number 22 in the "Billboard" lists in December, 1950. After leaving the army, Phillip recorded four tracks for UPA-Chevron on July 29, 1958 including "Thanks" in which his father ad-libbed various comments. Phillip and Dennis had an amusing linking role on the "Bing Crosby Show" transmitted on ABC-TV on March 2, 1959. When Phillip's younger brother, Lindsay, was released from the Army, the four brothers decided to form a vocal group called The Crosby Brothers. They were featured on the cover of "Life" on September 15, 1958. An appearance on "The Phil Silvers Show" on November 14, 1958, followed, and they made their debut as a singing group at Tucson, Arizona in 1959. Moving on to the Chez Paree, Chicago, in June 1959, they earned a good review from "Variety" which said "CROSBY BROS. Chez Paree, Chicago. Songs 58 Mins. Bing Crosby's four sons are launched on the cabaret scene in high style. The frères - Gary, Phillip, Dennis and Lindsay - have a superlative act that is likely to abash those skeptics who surmised the boys would trade merely on the lustrous family name." They continued to perform successfully at locations such as the Sahara in Las Vegas and the El Morocco nightclub in Montreal. However, after one of their performances at El Morocco in December 1959, the boys fought among themselves and Gary Crosby left the group.

Phillip, Dennis, and Lindsay continued without Gary and they were given useful exposure on the "Bing Crosby Show" seen on ABC-TV on February 29, 1960. Bing took the place of Gary to sing "Joshua Fit the Battle of Jericho" with his sons, who also sang two other songs themselves. They made their first LP for their father's company, Project Records, in April 1960, which was released by MGM Records and was well received. "The Crosby Brothers – Dennis – Philip – Lindsay Crosby (MGM); "Dinah" (Mills*), a hip version of the oldie, makes a promising disk bow for this trio of Bing Crosby offspring. "The Green Grass Grows All Around" (Marfran*) is a bright ensemble of this folk tune. To promote the album, the brothers appeared on the "I've Got a Secret" show and taught the panel how to lip-sync to "I Can't Give You Anything but Love."

Starting at the Desert Inn in Las Vegas and continuing for the next two years, the three men enjoyed useful success as The Crosby Brothers at venues such as the Chi Chi in Palm Springs, The Venetian room at the Fairmont in San Francisco, and the Latin Quarter in New York. During their stay at the Latin Quarter, they appeared on the "What's My Line?" TV show on May 14, 1961.

On television, the Crosby Brothers starred on several high-profile shows such as Perry Como's "Kraft Music Hall" (twice), "The Ed Sullivan Show" (four times) and of course the "Bing Crosby Show" (twice).

The Crosby Brothers act folded, however, when Lindsay Crosby had a breakdown in July 1962 in Juarez, Mexico. Lindsay had to be hospitalized for some time. Eventually, Phillip decided to embark on a solo career, and he had parts in several films, as well as one of the "Ben Casey" episodes. He also guest-starred on "The Bob Hope Christmas Special" on January 17, 1964. Around this time, Phillip was one of the original investors in a chain of Mexican restaurants and he accepted what was at the time a generous offer to buy him out. The chain went on to become the huge Taco Bell organization and Phillip would have made a fortune if he stayed in.

As a singer, he launched his solo act on April 27, 1965, at Hyatt's Backstage Bar in Burlingame, California. Having developed his act, Phillip went to Vietnam with Bob Hope twice to entertain the troops and enjoyed the experience so much that he returned there himself to sing on several occasions. He also appeared on "The Bob Hope Vietnam Christmas Show" on January 18, 1968, "The Hollywood Palace" show on March 23, 1968 and April 5, 1969 and "The Ed Sullivan Show" on June 15, 1969.

An opportunity then arose to buy an interest in a night club in Atlanta and he performed there nightly for some years. Phillip gave his final performance at an Elk's Club party in Burbank in 1983.

Crosby was married four times to:

In his later years, Phillip's health was not good and he had problems with his back and knees following a motorcycle accident. In the 1980s, he was arrested several times for drunk driving and, despite 18 months of Alcoholics Anonymous, he told "People", "I don't drink anymore -- but I don't drink any less."

Despite a promising start to life, the Crosby brothers were clearly overwhelmed by their emotional problems, which resulted in heavy drinking. Their mother died from ovarian cancer in 1952, but her health was not helped by acute alcoholism. Phillip's twin Dennis and his younger brother Lindsay committed suicide with shotguns, in their 50s. Gary died from lung cancer in August 1995, aged 62. Gary Crosby wrote a book called "Going My Own Way" alleging emotional and physical abuse by his father. Phillip did not accept this and he gave an interview to Neil Blincow of" The Globe" in 1999 stating:

"My dad was not the monster my lying brother said he was, he was strict, but my father never beat us black and blue and my brother Gary was a vicious, no-good liar for saying so. I have nothing but fond memories of dad, going to studios with him, family vacations at our cabin in Idaho, boating and fishing with him. . . He [Gary] knew it [the book "Going My Own Way"] would generate a lot of publicity and that was the only way he could get his ugly, no-talent face on television and in the newspapers. He wrote it out of greed. He wanted to make money and knew that humiliating our father and blackening his name was the only way he could do it. My dad took care of us from a very early age with a trust fund. But we blew it all. To my dying day, I'll hate Gary for dragging Dad's name through the mud. My dad was my hero. I loved him very much. And he loved all of us too, including Gary. He was a great father."

Crosby died on January 13, 2004, in Woodland Hills, California from a heart attack, aged 69.

"Presenting the Crosby Brothers" (MGM-C-846)

SIDE ONE
SIDE TWO





</doc>
<doc id="3265244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3265244" title="Harry Crosby (businessman)">
Harry Crosby (businessman)

Harry Lillis Crosby III (born August 8, 1958) is an American investment banker and a former film and television actor.

Crosby was born in Hollywood, California, at Queen of Angels Hospital. He is the fifth son of actor and singer Bing Crosby, the eldest from Bing's second marriage to actress Kathryn Crosby. Harry is the elder brother of Mary and Nathaniel Crosby; the younger half-brother of Gary, Dennis, Phillip and Lindsay Crosby; the half-uncle of Denise Crosby; the nephew of Bob Crosby and Larry Crosby.

Crosby has been in investment banking since 1985 and is a partner at Cranemere. He attended the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art from 1977 to 1980 and received an MBA at Fordham Graduate School of Business Administration.

Crosby has over three decades of experience in investment banking and managing a range of private equity relationships. He began his career at Lehman Brothers in 1987, working from associate level to director. 

In 1993, he became managing director of the Credit Suisse Financial Sponsors Group, where he established key relationships. He subsequently became group head and managing director of North America Financial Sponsors Group at Merrill Lynch, where he managed clients such as KKR, Carlyle and Bain.

In 2005, he became general partner at Snow Phipps, a private equity firm specializing in leveraged acquisitions, build-ups, recapitalizations, restructuring, and growth equity investments, of small to middle market companies. He was involved in the firm's sale of Excel Mining Systems to Orica for approximately $670mn.

In 2012, he became general partner at Cranemere, investing in middle market private companies in North America, Germany and Austria. Crosby has also served on a number of other corporate boards, including that of Excel Mining Systems.

Crosby has served on philanthropic boards, including the Monterey Peninsula Foundation, a charitable organisation that funds education, health, human services, arts, community and environmental projects.

As a trained musician, he is also an active fundraiser and board member of Jazz at Lincoln Center, a major performing arts institution structured as a non-profit organization and housed at the Time Warner Center in Manhattan, New York. He has worked alongside the likes of Wynton Marsalis, jazz trumpeter and artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center.

Before his career in banking and private equity, Crosby gained show business experience at an early age by appearing with his father and family on various Christmas television specials from 1970 to 1977 and at the London Palladium in 1976 and 1977. He has appeared in several films and television programs including "The Hollywood Palace", "Friday the 13th", "Riding for the Pony Express" and "The Private History of a Campaign That Failed".


</doc>
<doc id="3265958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3265958" title="Christopher Wiehl">
Christopher Wiehl

Christopher Wiehl (born ) is an American actor.

Wiehl was born in Yakima, Washington and is of Danish and German descent. His father, Dick Wiehl, was an agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). He graduated from the University of Washington with a Bachelor of Arts degree in dramatic arts. He is the younger brother of author and Fox News Channel legal analyst Lis Wiehl.

Wiehl starred in several plays during college including "Henry V", "The Owl and the Pussycat" and "Lonestar". 

Perhaps his most prominent role has been as the quarterback Derek McConnell in ESPN's short-lived series "Playmakers". Wiehl has made guest appearances on television shows including "Popular", "", "Birds of Prey" and "Charmed" (for the episode Animal Pragmatism). He had a spotlight role in the 2000 film "Broken Hearts Club" as J.Crew Guy. He also played a small role in the movie "Can't Hardly Wait".

Wiehl was a guest star on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" during season one, in the role of "Owen" in the episode "Never Kill a Boy on the First Date". He also played a police officer in "Hollywood Homicide" in 2003 as "Cheeseburger Cop".

In 2006, he played Jake Dunne on "Love Monkey". He had a recurring role as Roger on "Jericho". He plays art gallery owner Patrick on "Switched at Birth".


</doc>
<doc id="3268128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3268128" title="Jim Meskimen">
Jim Meskimen

James Ross Meskimen (born September 10, 1959) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice actor, and impressionist. He is also known for his voice-over work in video games.

Meskimen was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of Marion Ross and Freeman Meskimen.

Meskimen portrayed the father of Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen's characters in "Our Lips Are Sealed". He portrayed Officer Wholihan in "How the Grinch Stole Christmas".

He voices Thom Cat, Neighbor John, and Stumpy in the "Thom Cat" short film on "Random! Cartoons". Meskimen provided the voice of the Genie in the "Aladdin" franchise (which started with "Disney Think Fast" in 2008 and even before Robin Williams's death in 2014). In 2012, Meskimen voices several different characters in "Lego The Lord of the Rings". As well, he is the voice of George W. Bush and other politicians for the Jib Jab animated shorts. In the same year, Meskimen voices and motion captures David Petraeus in "".

Meskimen was a contestant on season eight of "America's Got Talent". He has also toured various U.S. cities performing a one-man act, entitled "Jimpressions", of celebrity impersonations and original characters.

In 1987, Meskimen married Tamra Shockley. They have a daughter named Taylor (born 1990). He is a Scientologist.







</doc>
<doc id="3268228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3268228" title="Kelly Perine">
Kelly Perine

Kelly Perine (born March 23, 1969) is an American television actor, writer, director, producer, and comedian. Perine attended Lake Forest Academy near Chicago, Illinois, where he studied stage acting. He spent his undergraduate years at Pomona College in Claremont, California. After graduating, he studied at the University of California, Irvine where he received his master's degree in Drama.

Perine is a veteran of over 25 years in Hollywood. Perine had regular roles in the sitcoms "Between Brothers" where he played Dustin "Dusty" Q. Canyon, "The Parent 'Hood'" where he played Kelly Peterson, and "One on One" which he portrayed Duane Odell Knox, from seasons 1 to 4. He also had a successful run on Nickelodeon's Knight Squad, playing Sir Gareth. He has made appearances in numerous independent films like "Convincing Clooney" where he played the role of Disco. He starred in the MyNetworkTV comedy "Under One Roof" where he played "Winston Hill" opposite the unmistakable Flavor Flav. He is currently in pre-production for the feature film Downward Hiro, which he wrote and is starring in. The film is based on the award-winning short of the same name, which won a number of festival awards. He has also penned a baseball comedy called Run Down Mongoose, which follows a washed up Dodger scout that travels to the Dominican Republic to sign an up-and-coming player.

He also has a number of unscripted shows such as From Scratch, and Finish The Fridge, which are travel/lifestyle shows unlike anything on television today. He has appeared in many television commercials, and has had bit parts in numerous sitcoms, including "21 Jump Street", "Seinfeld", "The Drew Carey Show", "Coach", "Mad About You", "Living Single", "Hangin' with Mr. Cooper", "Malcolm & Eddie", "The Steve Harvey Show", "The Hughleys", "How I Met Your Mother", "True Jackson, VP", "Austin & Ally" and "The Bernie Mac Show".


</doc>
<doc id="3273291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3273291" title="Timothy Patrick Murphy">
Timothy Patrick Murphy

Timothy Patrick Murphy (November 3, 1959 – December 6, 1988) was an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as Mickey Trotter on the popular CBS prime time soap opera "Dallas" from 1982–83.

Murphy started his acting career as an adolescent in several television commercials and from there he went on to act in the 1978 miniseries "Centennial". Other than his role in "Dallas", he spent more than a year playing a young conman on the CBS daytime soap drama "Search for Tomorrow", and also had a regular role on the short-lived 1984 ABC prime-time drama "Glitter". In addition to this, he appeared in episodes of the television shows "Quincy, M.E.", "CHiPs", "Teachers Only", "Hotel", "The Love Boat" and "Hunter".

He appeared in the 1981 film "The Bushido Blade". One of Murphy's most substantial roles was in the 1984 feature film "Sam's Son", the film biography of the early life of actor Michael Landon, in which he played the character of Gene Orowitz (the young Landon).

Murphy died of AIDS on December 6, 1988 in Sherman Oaks, California, aged 29, and was buried at the Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills Cemetery in Los Angeles.

He once stated that he had an affair with the allegedly bisexual actor Brad Davis, who had AIDS and committed assisted suicide in 1991.

His younger brother, Patrick Sean Murphy, was killed in the World Trade Center attacks of September 11, 2001.


</doc>
<doc id="3274375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3274375" title="Joey Travolta">
Joey Travolta

Joseph Anthony "Joey" Travolta (born October 14, 1950) is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He is the older brother of actor John Travolta.

Travolta, one of six children, was born and raised in Englewood, New Jersey, an inner-ring suburb of New York City, where he attended Dwight Morrow High School. His father, Salvatore Travolta, was a semi-professional football player turned tire salesman and partner in a tire company. His mother, Helen Cecilia (née Burke; 1912–1978), who was 38 when Travolta was born, was an actress and singer who had appeared in "The Sunshine Sisters", a radio vocal group, and acted and directed before becoming a high school drama and English teacher. His father was a second-generation Italian American and his mother was Irish American.

He attended Shepherd University in West Virginia and graduated from Paterson State College, now William Paterson University, with a degree in special education.

Travolta began a singing career in 1978 as a recording artist on Casablanca Records, releasing his eponymous album. The following year he made his acting debut starring in the feature film "Sunnyside" for Filmways Productions. He then became a guest star in the 1980s television show "Simon & Simon" (episode: "The Hottest Ticket in Town").

Additional acting credits include work with director John Landis on multiple feature film projects: "Beverly Hills Cop III" (1994), "Oscar" (1991), and "Susan's Plan" (1998). He was also a series regular on the WB television hit "Movie Stars" (1999).

Stage performances include starring roles in "Bye Bye Birdie", "Guys and Dolls", and "West Side Story". He wrote and directed "Diva Las Vegas" in 1989, which went on to win the Italian Funny Film Festival.

In 1991, Joey Travolta produced and starred in "Da Vinci's War". He later produced and starred in the sequel, "To the Limit" (1995). He made directing his main priority in 1994. He directed the action thrillers "Hard Vice" (1994) and "Navajo Blues" (1996). Subsequent titles include "Earth Minus Zero" (1996), "Laws of Deception" (1997), "Detour" (1999), "Mel" (1996), "Partners" (2000), "Enemies of Laughter" (2000), and "Waiting to Live" (2002).

For television audiences he directed the police drama "L.A. Heat" (1999), "Friday Night After the Movies" (2010), and the syndicated Disney series "" (2007). He has directed music videos as well such as Aqua's "Doctor Jones" and Latvia's entry, in Eurovision Song Contest 2008, "Pirates of the Sea".

Travolta has also gained national acclaim for his mission of helping students develop self-esteem, confidence, and creativity through acting and digital film making. He founded Inclusion Films, which involve individuals with special needs in the process of making films.

The first of these, "Sweet Sixteen", was made in 2008. In late 2009, Travolta hired filmmaker Tyler Norman to write and direct Inclusion's second film, "Spud". Travolta's students crewed the film, which premiered in 2010 and took numerous festival awards. Shortly thereafter, the third film "Accidents" was completed.

He has collaborated with a non-profit organization called HEAL, based in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, to form another film camp in association with Inclusion Films and Jacksonville-based Filmlab Productions, called the "HEAL Film Camp with Joey Travolta".

In 2019, Travolta directed a film called "Carol of the Bells" that won the Audience Award for Best Feature at the San Diego International Film Festival.

Joey Travolta is married to Wendy Shawn (daughter of comedian Dick Shawn) and they have one daughter, Rachel.



</doc>
<doc id="3276537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3276537" title="Leo De Lyon">
Leo De Lyon

Irving Levin (born April 27, 1926), known professionally by his stage name of Leo De Lyon, is an American actor known for his role as Spook and Brain in the prime time animated series "Top Cat".

De Lyon made his debut as a stand-up comedian on "Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts" in the 1947. He later co-starred with Bob Haymes and Dorothy Loudon in the short-lived DuMont Television Network sitcom "It's a Business" (March–May 1952). His specialty on this show was singing and whistling two different tunes - notably the "Farandole" from Georges Bizet's "Arlesienne Suite" - at the same time.

He appeared at the London Palladium in 1956 with the Platters and Lonnie Donegan.

In 1962, he did a character voice on a recording of a song written by Al Lerner for a young artist named David Lucas for Doris Day and husband Marty Melcher's Arwin Records. The song was performed by Pookie and Hippy of "The Soupy Sales Show". Leo did a fabulous "Guttural" hook "Uga Uga Boola, Uga Boola Boola Uga". He also voiced Flunkey the baboon in Disney's "Jungle Book" (1967). He also recorded a 45 rpm release (date unknown; probably early 1960s) for Musicor Records (distributed by United Artists Records), label number 1001, under Leo DeLyon and the Musclemen: "Sick Manny's Gym" (written by Alan Kooper)/ "Plunkin" (written by Alan Kooper and Eric Krackow). The Musclemen included Al Kooper on guitar and Eric Krackow on bass.

In the mid- and late 1970s he performed on stage as pianist and vocal entertainer and was musical director for several artists such as Sandler and Young.

In the mid 90's he recorded several songs with Mark Harris who was a frequent guest on the Howard Stern Show.

During the 1980s he returned to Hanna-Barbera to provide guest voices on shows such as "The Smurfs" and "Paw Paws". He also once again voiced Brain and Spook in the television special "Top Cat and the Beverly Hills Cats".

Leo De Lyon retired from performing in 2011.





</doc>
<doc id="3277982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3277982" title="Len Lesser">
Len Lesser

Leonard King Lesser (December 3, 1922 – February 16, 2011) was an American character actor, known as Len Lesser. He was known for his recurring role as Uncle Leo in "Seinfeld", starting during the show's second season in "The Pony Remark". Lesser was also known for his role as Garvin on "Everybody Loves Raymond".

Lesser was born in the Bronx in 1922. His father, a grocer, was a Jewish immigrant from Poland. Lesser received his bachelor's degree from the City College of New York in 1942 at the age of 19. Lesser enlisted in the United States Army the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, and served in the China Burma India Theater during World War II.

Lesser was a prolific character actor in film, TV and on stage. He appeared on American television steadily since 1955 on programs such as "That Girl", "The Untouchables", "Peter Gunn", "Mr. Lucky", "The Outer Limits", "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", green acres,"Get Smart", "Family Affair", "The Monkees", "Quincy, M.E.", "The Rockford Files", "The Amazing Spider-Man", "Mad About You", "All in the Family", "Boy Meets World", "Smart Guy", "My Favorite Martian", "The Munsters", and "Castle". He appeared in a variety of films such as "Birdman of Alcatraz" (1962), "How to Stuff a Wild Bikini" (1965), "Kelly's Heroes" (1970), "Blood and Lace" (1971), "Dirty Little Billy" (1972), "Papillon" (1973), "Truck Stop Women" (1974), "The Outlaw Josey Wales" (1976), "Supervan" (1977), "Moonshine County Express" (1977), "Ruby" (1977), "Death Hunt" (1981), "Take This Job and Shove It" (1981), "Grandmother's House" (1988) and "Baadasssss!" (2003).

Lesser had a recurring role on "Everybody Loves Raymond" as "Garvin", a friend of Frank Barone, who always lifted his arms in excitement whenever he saw Ray (just as Lesser did in his recurring role on "Seinfeld" as "Uncle Leo" whenever he saw his nephew, Jerry). He also appeared in Jeff Seymour's stage production of "Cold Storage" at the University of Toronto's George Ignatieff Theatre.

On February 16, 2011, Lesser died of cancer-related pneumonia in Burbank, California, at the age of 88.

After learning of Lesser's death, Jerry Seinfeld said of him,Len was one of our favorites. We always loved having him on the show. I'll never forget when Uncle Leo was in prison and tattooed "Jerry Hello" on his knuckles. He was a very sweet guy. Another "Seinfeld" castmate, Jason Alexander, tweeted,Thanks to all of you for your kind remarks re: Len Lessor "[sic]". Tonight was the opening of "Gigi" at my beloved Reprise Theater Company and I've only returned at this late hour to hear the news. ... "Hellooo" Uncle Leo. And goodbye. Sleep well. Much love. Jason.



</doc>
<doc id="3280552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3280552" title="Brian Stack">
Brian Stack

Brian Stack (born August 18, 1964) is an American actor, comedian, and writer best known for his sketch comedy work on all three Conan O'Brien late-night talk shows, previously working on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and "The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien", and on O'Brien's current talk show, "Conan" on TBS. Stack left "Conan" in April 2015 to join the writing staff of the CBS series "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert".

Stack was born in Chicago, Illinois. He attended Catholic schools from grades 5-12, graduating from St. Viator High School in Arlington Heights, Illinois. He earned an undergraduate degree from Indiana University, where he was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa. He worked at the college radio station and drew cartoons/illustrations for the Indiana Daily Student. He began doing improvisational comedy, or improv, in 1987 at the Ark Theater in Madison, Wisconsin, while attending graduate school at University of Wisconsin–Madison.

Stack got his start in comedy with the improv comedy troupe The Second City.

Stack became a sketch writer on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" in 1997, and served as a writer and actor on the show. He first appeared onscreen when one of the writers asked him to play a doctor in a sketch in which he had no dialogue. One of the first characters he did on the show was Bathtime Bob the Hygiene Cowboy, who sang about bath time, but like many of Stack's characters he had a very dark, tragic underbelly to his upbeat nature. Stack had previously tried to develop this character at Second City, but it never appeared in any shows.

Stack remained with O'Brien after O'Brien's move to "The Tonight Show" in 2009. Stack played many recurring characters on the show, most notably those clad in anachronistic or elaborate outfits, and was known for playing many characters with long beards and mustaches, such as God, Zeus, Socrates, Gandalf, Dumbledore, and The Interrupter. Jeff Loveness of "Jimmy Kimmel Live" has observed of Stack's characters that there was "such a sadness to each character, but they would not acknowledge their sadness", an assessment that Stack agrees with. Stack has further explained that, "My favorite kind of comedy on late night has always been the non-topical silly stuff where it's not really at anybody's expense. My least favorite kind of joke is a celebrity joke, because it tends to be very familiar or sometimes very mean, and if it's not mean it doesn't even work, usually...But my favorite kind of comedy on late night is at no one's expense but the character that's involved in the sketch where you're not really going after anybody." Stack made occasional appearances on "The Tonight Show", such as when he played an NRA spokesman who intimates violence to accomplish his agenda.

Among the characters he has portrayed:


Stack also provided the voices of numerous celebrities parodied in the Syncro-Vox faux interviews conducted by O'Brien, including Dick Cheney, Mike Tyson, and Martha Stewart.

Among the other characters Stack has created on the show are Stacy Richter, Andy Richter's Conan-obsessed little sister, who was portrayed by Stacks' fellow Upright Citizens Brigade alumna, Amy Poehler. Stack also created the recurring segment "Pierre Bernard's Recliner of Rage".

Stack continued his work on O'Brien's TBS series, "Conan". His last episode aired on April 2, 2015. In the episode, he appeared as The Interrupter, one of his recurring characters, in a sketch in which he and his character bade farewell to the series.

Among his recurring characters:


After fellow Second City alumnus Stephen Colbert succeeded David Letterman as the host of the CBS series "Late Show," Stack left "Conan," and returned to New York to take a job on the "Late Show" writing staff. He voices the characters of "Cartoon Donald Trump", "God," and "The Ghost of Abraham Lincoln" on the show.


Stack is married to actress Miriam Tolan, another Second City alum, regular performer at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, and former correspondent for "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" who has also appeared in the movie "The Heat" and on shows like "30 Rock", "The League", "At Home with Amy Sedaris" and "Jon Glaser Loves Gear".





</doc>
<doc id="3283707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3283707" title="Jason Wiles">
Jason Wiles

Jason Austin Wiles (born April 25, 1970) is an American actor known for his role in the TV series "Third Watch".

Wiles was born in Kansas City, Missouri, U.S., and raised in Lenexa, Kansas, where he attended Holy Trinity Catholic School. After school he found employment with the local Parks and Recreation department, having passed up the opportunity to play college football.

In 1990, Wiles began to pursue an interest in film-making, working on the set of the film "Mr. and Mrs. Bridge", filming on location in Kansas City. Not long after, the Stephen King tele-movie, "Sometimes They Come Back", came to town and he worked on the crew as well as appearing in scenes as an extra. After forming some connections while working on these films, Wiles ventured to Los Angeles where he appeared in commercials before landing the lead in an after-school special. In 1994, he had a part in the Bon Jovi music video "Always". 1994 also gave him his first lead role, in the indie movie "WindRunner", appearing with Margot Kidder and Russell Means. In 1995, Wiles made the first of 32 appearances in "Beverly Hills, 90210" as Colin Robbins, a role which gained him some note in Hollywood. In 1999, Wiles garnered the role of Maurice 'Bosco' Boscorelli in the television drama "Third Watch"; he appeared in all six seasons of the show from 1999-2005.

Wiles expanded into directing and writing, as well as theatre. In the summer of 2002, he appeared in the Cape Playhouse production of "Mass Appeal" alongside Malachy McCourt, and in 2003 he was in Imua! Theatre Company's production of "Safe" which was co-written and directed by fellow Third Watch star Anthony Ruivivar. Upon completion of the final season of "Third Watch", Wiles began work on his independent film "Lenexa, 1 Mile" (2006) which he wrote and also directed. Wiles appeared alongside Geena Davis and Donald Sutherland in the TV series "Commander in Chief". He played a soldier in the series "Army Wives", appearing in two episodes. He directed, produced and wrote a 2009 movie, "Play Dead". He had a small part in the 2007 movie "Zodiac". He appeared in 2009's horror thriller remake of "The Stepfather". In the summer of 2010, he co-starred in the NBC drama-suspense miniseries, "Persons Unknown".

Wiles appeared twice in the TV series "Criminal Minds" as a guest. He appears in "Psychodrama" (S2E4) as the "Unsub", and in "The Fight" (S5E18) as a father who is held captive along with his daughter.

Wiles performed a role as guest-star on "" on October 20, 2010.

In 2015, Wiles was part of the main cast for the MTV series "Scream" in the role of Sheriff Clark Hudson.


</doc>
<doc id="3286187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3286187" title="Ray Anthony">
Ray Anthony

Raymond Antonini (born January 20, 1922), known as Ray Anthony, is an American bandleader, trumpeter, songwriter, and actor. He is the last surviving member of the Glenn Miller Orchestra.

Anthony was born to an Italian family in Bentleyville, Pennsylvania but moved with his family to Cleveland, Ohio, where he studied the trumpet. He played in Glenn Miller's band from 1940–1941 and appeared in the Glenn Miller movie "Sun Valley Serenade" before joining the U.S. Navy during World War Two. After the war he formed his own group. The Ray Anthony Orchestra became popular in the early 1950s with "The Bunny Hop", "Hokey Pokey", and the theme from "Dragnet". He had a No. 2 chart hit with a remake of the Glenn Miller tune "At Last" in 1952, the highest charting pop version of the song in the U.S.

In 1953, Anthony and his orchestra were featured when Helen O'Connell and Bob Eberly headlined a summer replacement program for Perry Como's CBS television show.

From 1953–1954 Anthony was musical director of the television series "TV's Top Tunes", and he also appeared as himself in the 1955 film "Daddy Long Legs". In 1955 he married his second wife, actress Mamie Van Doren. Their son Perry Ray was born March 18, 1956. He then began expanding his own acting career. In 1956-1957 he starred in a short-lived television variety show, "The Ray Anthony Show". Anthony also appeared in several films during the late 1950s, including "The Five Pennies" (in which he portrayed Jimmy Dorsey), and Van Doren's movies "High School Confidential" (as "Bix") and "Girls Town". In the 1959-1960 television season, he guest-starred in the episode "Operation Ramrod" of David Hedison's espionage series "Five Fingers" on NBC. Anthony and his band appeared in the movie "The Girl Can't Help It" (1956). In 1957, Anthony and his orchestra recorded the music score for the film "This Could Be The Night", with vocals performed by Julie Wilson.

After van Doren filed for divorce in 1958, citing cruelty, they finally divorced in 1959, and Anthony's brief film career ended at about the same time. However, he continued his musical career and had another hit record with the theme from "Peter Gunn", which reached No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 pop chart. Among his pianists was Allen "Puddler" Harris, a native of Franklin Parish, Louisiana, who had been a member of the original Ricky Nelson band, and Kellie Greene, who also played the vibraphone. Anthony's compositions include "Thunderbird", "The Bunny Hop", "Trumpet Boogie", "Big Band Boogie", and "Mr. Anthony's Boogie".

Anthony was considered one of the most modern big band leaders. In the lyrics to "Opus One", which imagine a number of players performing the song, he is cited along with Les Brown and his Band of Renown:

In the early 1980s, Anthony formed Big Band '80s, other members including Buddy Rich, Harry James, Les Brown, and Alvino Rey.

Anthony, who has been honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, continues to be active as a bandleader and musician.

Anthony was a close friend of the late Hugh Hefner and appeared in numerous episodes of "The Girls Next Door".



</doc>
<doc id="3286723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3286723" title="Lucas Black">
Lucas Black

Lucas York Black (born November 29, 1982) is an American film and television actor. He is best known for his roles in the CBS television series "American Gothic" (1995–1996) as well as roles in films such as "Sling Blade" (1996), "Flash" (1997), "Crazy in Alabama" (1999), "All the Pretty Horses" (2000), "Friday Night Lights" (2004), "Jarhead" (2005), "" (2006), "Get Low" (2009), "Legion" (2010), and "Seven Days in Utopia" (2011). Beginning in 2014, he portrayed Special Agent Christopher LaSalle on CBS's "" until early in the .

Black was born in Decatur, Alabama, to Jan Gillespie, an office worker, and Larry Black, a museum employee. He has two older siblings and was raised a Southern Baptist. He grew up in Speake, Alabama, played football for the Speake Bobcats, and graduated from high school in May 2001.

Black made his film debut in Kevin Costner's film "The War". He subsequently was cast as Caleb Temple in CBS's television series "American Gothic", which ran from 1995 to 1996, and in the films "Sling Blade", "Ghosts of Mississippi", and "The X-Files". Later Black starred as Conner Strong in the TV film "Flash" (1997), which aired on "The Wonderful World of Disney;" in the movie his character visits a horse every day in the hope of buying it.

Black played a supporting role as Oakley in the historical drama "Cold Mountain" (2003). In 2004, he starred as Vernon, an autistic piano prodigy, in the indie musical drama "Killer Diller" (2004), and as Mike Winchell in the football-themed drama "Friday Night Lights" (2004), directed by Peter Berg.

Black starred as Nat Banyon in the indie thriller film "Deepwater" (2005), directed by David S. Marfield; as Chris Kruger in the Gulf War-themed drama film "Jarhead" (2005), directed by Sam Mendes; and as Sean Boswell in the third "The Fast and the Furious" film, "" (2006), directed by Justin Lin. He described the latter film as the one in which he "had the most fun".

Black starred as Buddy in the indie drama "Get Low" (2009), directed by Aaron Schneider; as Jeep Hanson in the Bible-themed fantasy thriller "Legion" (2010); and as Luke Chisholm, a talented young golfer set on making the pro tour, in the indie golfing film "Seven Days in Utopia" (2010).

He portrayed the Brooklyn Dodgers shortstop Pee Wee Reese in the drama film "42" (2013). Black, having done previous sports films and played sports early in his life, found the filming experience "a lot more enjoyable because you get to reminisce about the days when I used to play, and then you get the experience of being on a team again with the actors and have that camaraderie with the players".

In 2014, Lucas was cast in "" as a NCIS Special Agent LaSalle, a no-nonsense agent with a "work hard, play hard" motto.

In 2015, Black returned to play Sean Boswell in "Furious 7" making a cameo. Despite reports, Sean did not feature in the eighth installment, "The Fate of the Furious". In July 2016, Black declared on "The Chris Mannix Show" that he could not return due to his hard schedule with "".

In November 2019, Lucas Black left the series "NCIS: New Orleans", to devote more time to his family. However, various media sources speculate that Black left the role to focus on a possible return to the "Fast & Furious" franchise with "Fast & Furious 9". He said that he signed a contract with Universal Pictures to appear in the upcoming movies of the franchise.

In 2020, Black returns to the "Fast & Furious" franchise with "F9", playing his respective character of Sean Boswell.

Black married Maggie O'Brien, a lawyer, in 2010. They have three children. After he left he started to upload fishing videos on YouTube



</doc>
<doc id="3288735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3288735" title="Michael Dudikoff">
Michael Dudikoff

Michael Joseph Stephen Dudikoff Jr. (born October 8, 1954) is an American actor and martial artist known for lead roles in action films such as "American Ninja" series (1985–1990), "Avenging Force" (1986), "Platoon Leader" (1988), "River of Death" (1989), "Soldier Boyz" (1996), "Bounty Hunters" (1996), "" (1997), and many more.

Dudikoff's father, Michael Joseph Stephen Sr., was Eastern Orthodox Christian. Born in New York to Russian immigrants Mary Bogdanova and John Dudikoff, Michael Sr. served in the Army before marrying Dudikoff's mother: Rita T. Girardin, a French-Canadian piano-player from Quebec. The couple moved to California and had five children; the fourth, Michael Jr., was diagnosed with dyslexia.

Michael Jr. graduated from West High School in Torrance, California, and went on to study child psychology at Harbor College.

To pay for his education, he worked at a rehabilitation center for abused youth called Cedar House and waited tables at Beachbum Burt's in Redondo Beach, California. He was eventually approached to do some modelling, and did a catwalk at a shopping mall.

During lunch one day, Dudikoff served Max Evans – a fashion editor with "Esquire" magazine, who had come in with some models. Evans asked Dudikoff to walk in a Newport Beach fashion show, and his mother encouraged him to try it out.

After a couple of successful runways, Dudikoff retained an agent at the Mary Webb Davis Agency in Los Angeles. Dudikoff soon entered the high fashion world and counted Calvin Klein and "GQ" among his clients. He moved quickly to international print modeling and traveled between New York, Los Angeles, and Milan by his late 20s.

Dudikoff soon began acting, and he starred in several commercials for companies, including Coppertone, Coca-Cola for Japan, Army Reserve and Stridex.

His first television role took place after a meeting with theatrical agent Sid Craig. He went for some readings, and in 1978 he landed a supporting role in one episode of the hit TV show "Dallas", and shortly after the part as Joanie's first boyfriend in the American sitcom "Happy Days". Gary Nardino, who was the president of Paramount Studio at the time, happened to be sitting in the audience while they were filming. Nardino put a holding contract on Dudikoff so that he could work the lot.

In the early 80s, Dudikoff was cast in supporting roles or seen in the background of such films such as, "The Black Marble", "Bloody Birthday", "The Best Little Girl in the World", "Neil Simon's I Ought to Be in Pictures", "Making Love", "Tron" and one episode of "Gimme a Break!".

During that time, he was cast alongside Brian Dennehy and Katherine Saltzberg to play one of the leads in the sitcom "Star of the Family", and got the part of Huckleberry Finn in a Columbia Pictures movie-of-the-week called "Sawyer & Finn" directed by Peter H. Hunt.

In 1984, he played the role of one of Tom Hanks' sidekicks in the sizable hit comedy film "Bachelor Party".

In 1985, The Cannon Group, an independent film company with a streak of successful action films, were looking to produce an action film starring Chuck Norris called "American Ninja" (1985), which Norris turned down. Shortly after, Cannon went on a worldwide search to find who would play Private Joe Armstrong the American ninja. Over 400 candidates went on to audition for the part. Producer and Owner of Cannon Menahem Golan and director Sam Firstenberg thought he was the obvious choice for the part. Golan even went on to say that he would be the next James Dean. It was a surprise for Dudikoff, who at the time was mostly known for supporting roles in comedies. It was Dudikoff's first collaboration with actor Steve James (1952–1993) who was hired to play the partner of the American ninja, a role he maintained for the first three installments. On a $1 million budget it went on to gross over $10 million domestically in the US and did extremely well in foreign markets. This success would establish the start of the American Ninja film franchise, with Dudikoff becoming a regular action star for The Cannon Group alongside Chuck Norris, Charles Bronson, Sho Kosugi, and later on Jean-Claude Van Damme. For the rest of the 1980s, Dudikoff would continue to star in Cannon Group action film projects.

That same year, he and John Stockwell were cast as co-leads in the cult post-apocalyptic science fiction comedy "Radioactive Dreams", which was awarded the Golden Raven at the 5th Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival, and nominated for best film at the Italian film and literature festival MystFest.

In 1986, he was cast as Lt. Rudy Bodford in the critically acclaimed mini-series "North and South, Book II", starring Patrick Swayze. It went on to receive three nominations at the Primetime Emmy Awards.

Also in 1986, he reunited with director Sam Firstenberg and starred in the sequel "". In this installment, Dudikoff and James are ordered to discover why marines have been going missing from their posts at the U.S. Embassy. The two discover The Lion (Gary Conway) has been kidnapping the missing marines and having them brainwashed to join his army of assassins. The film was less successful than the predecessor, grossing $4 million domestically in the U.S.

That same year, Dudikoff starred in "Avenging Force" (1986), his last film with Steve James, directed by Sam Firstenberg. The screenplay was written by James Booth, who co-starred in the film. The film is about retired secret service agent Captain Matt Hunter (Dudikoff) who lives with his sister Sarah and their grandfather. They drive to New Orleans to meet Matt's old military comrade and local politician Larry Richards (James), who is now running for U.S. Senate. At dinner, Larry hesitantly mentions threats made against his life during the election cycle, which he dismisses as harmless. Later that day, Larry, Matt and their families ride in Larry's float in the Mardi Gras parade. Disguised as revelers, assassins open fire on Larry's float, killing his eldest son. Matt and Larry take down the attackers, but Matt loses the last assassin in charge in the crowd. He calls in a favor to his old boss, Admiral Brown (Booth), and learns the perpetrators are members of an organization that he confronts throughout the film.

His Vietnam War action film "Platoon Leader" (1988) was directed by Aaron Norris. The film is about a newly commissioned infantry lieutenant (Dudikoff) who arrives in Vietnam to take over his first platoon. He finds he has to prove himself and earn the trust of the enlisted men if he is to lead them.

He starred in Steve Carver's "River of Death" (1989), co-starring Robert Vaughn, Donald Pleasence, Herbert Lom, and L. Q. Jones. The story is set in the nightmarish last days of the Third Reich, during which a psychotic Nazi scientist (Vaughn) escapes to the impenetrable jungles of the Amazon. Years later, a mysterious incurable disease breaks out among the natives and adventurer John Hamilton (Dudikoff) is hired to lead investigators on a search for the cause. Braving bloodthirsty river pirates, hostile native tribes and headhunting cannibals, Hamilton, guides a group of explorers up the deadly Rio del Morte to the fabled lost Inca city.

In 1989, Dudikoff turned down "" because he didn't want to get type cast in martial-arts movies and didn't want to go back to South Africa as he was firmly against the Apartheid movement and government in that country. Martial-arts expert David Bradley was hired to play a new character for the lead in the third installment.

In the early 1990s, Dudikoff continued making action films with The Cannon Group. His first release of that decade was the thriller "Midnight Ride" (1990), co-starring Mark Hamill and Robert Mitchum. Afterwards, he returned to the "American Ninja" franchise for the fourth installment "" (1990) where Private Joe Armstrong teams up with the character played by David Bradley. This would be the last sequel Dudikoff appeared in. Three years later, Bradley starred in the final movie of the series, "American Ninja 5" (1993).

In 1991, Dudikoff starred in "The Human Shield" directed by Ted Post. The movie is about a former government agent who must save his diabetic brother from Iraqi abductors.

Also in 1991, he played the main villain for the first time in the television film "The Woman Who Sinned".

In 1992, he starred as father figure alongside a young Stephen Dorff in "Rescue Me", a coming-of-age action-adventure comedy directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman. The movie co-stars Ami Dolenz, Peter DeLuise, and William Lucking. Daniel's high school crush (Dolenz) is kidnapped. Daniel (Dorff) and Frazier (Dudikoff) go after her kidnappers.

The following year, he was cast in the lead role in the action TV series "Cobra" produced by Stephen J. Cannell, co-starring Allison Hossack and James Tolkan. The hour-long show ran for 22 episodes from 1993–1994.

In 1994, he did his final film with The Cannon Group, which was going bankrupt, called "Chain of Command" directed by David Worth. The film is about anti-terrorist operative Merrill Ross (Dudikoff) who gets embroiled in a deadly international conflict. Ross tries to thwart a plot to seize control of Qumir and its oil fields. Tailed by agents and a death squad, Ross dodges bullets and barely survives an oil depot blast as he tries to find out who's behind the mercenary scheme.

In 1995, he starred in the virtual thriller "Cyberjack", and the action rescue film "Soldier Boyz".

In 1996, he continued making fast-paced action films and released "Bounty Hunters" (1996) co-starring Lisa Howard, "Moving Target" with Billy Dee Williams, and "Crash Dive" (1996) alongside Frederic Forrest.

The following year, he appeared in the air hijack picture "Strategic Command" with supporting cast Richard Norton, Paul Winfield, Bryan Cranston and Stephen Quadros. The "Bounty Hunters" sequel "", and his only shoot-em-up western "The Shooter" by Fred Olen Ray were also released in 1997. The same year, the video game adaption of his film "Soldier Boyz" was released for Microsoft Windows 95.

He returned to comedy with a supporting role in the movie "Ringmaster" (1998) starring Jerry Springer. That same year he was the lead in four other action releases, "Black Thunder" (1998) with Richard Norton, "Freedom Strike" (1998) with Tone Lōc, "Musketeers Forever" (1998) with Lee Majors, and "Counter Measures" (1998) a sequel to "Crash Dive" directed by Fred Olen Ray.

In 1999, he played in the Sidney J. Furie suspense drama "In Her Defense", with Marlee Matlin, the sci-fi action film "Fugitive Mind" by Fred Olen Ray with Heather Langenkamp and the action feature "The Silencer".

In 2001, he played a fireman in the action disaster movie "Ablaze", starring John Bradley as the fire chief and co-starring Tom Arnold, Ice-T, Amanda Pays, and Cathy Lee Crosby.

In 2002, he played the main villain in the Treat Williams action vehicle "Gale Force". It co-starred Curtis Armstrong, Susan Walters, Tim Thomerson, Marcia Strassman, and many more. The film was nominated in four categories at DVD Exclusive Awards.

The year 2002 also marked his last projects with longtime collaborators before going on a hiatus. This includes director Sam Firstenberg in the thriller "Quicksand", and Fred Olen Ray sci-fi adventure film "Stranded".

After these efforts, Michael Dudikoff felt he needed a break and started working in real estate, specializing in buying old homes to refurbish them. In 2004, he married Belle Dudikoff.

In 2013, videos of Dudikoff promoting a project named "Zombie Break Room" surfaced on YouTube.

In 2014, he was interviewed for "" and "", both highly publicized dueling documentaries about The Cannon Group.

In 2015, he returned to the screen with a supporting role in "Navy Seals vs. Zombies", released by Anchor Bay Entertainment.

In 2018, he played the main villain in "Fury of the Fist and the Golden Fleece," alongside Sean Stone, Danny Trejo, Taimak, Michael Winslow, Jason London, Bill Goldberg, Cynthia Rothrock, Ernie Reyes Jr., Richard Grieco, Victor Ortiz, and many more.

Dudikoff has been married to Belle since 2004. They have three children: twins Joseph and Nancy and son Michael Joseph Stephen III.

Dudikoff had no martial arts training before making the first "American Ninja" movie, but he was already very athletic. Fight choreographer Mike Stone, an accomplished martial arts expert, assured the producers that Dudikoff would pick up the moves.

He since trained in karate, aikido, judo and in Brazilian jiu-jitsu. He began his training in Brazilian jiu-jitsu with Rorion Gracie and stays connected with the Brazilian jiu-jitsu fighting circuit, including Rigan Machado, an eighth degree red and black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu and former world champion.

In a 2012 Q&A, Dudikoff said that he doesn't lift weights, but is a swimmer and does isometric and dance exercises.

Dudikoff, due to his action film resume, is often rumored to take part in "The Expendables" film series. In a 2012 interview, he suggested there had been talk of him participating in the franchise and that he would be happy with any outcome, noting: "everything always works out for the right reasons." In that same interview, he also hinted at a possible sequel to "American Ninja" and "Avenging Force".



</doc>
<doc id="3292657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3292657" title="Douglas Emerson">
Douglas Emerson

Douglas Emerson (born October 4, 1974) is an American former child actor who played Scott Scanlon on "Beverly Hills, 90210" in the show's first and second seasons and played Eddie Beckner in "The Blob".

Scott was a nerdy freshman and best friends with David Silver, played by Brian Austin Green. As David became increasingly close with the show's core popular group the Scott/David friendship suffered. In the second season, Emerson was no longer a full-time character but only a special guest star. His character killed himself at his birthday party, when he twirled a gun around and accidentally shot himself as David looked on in horror.

After his departure from the show, Emerson enrolled in junior college and in 1993 transferred to Pepperdine University. There he met his future wife, Emily Barth. The pair married after he dropped out to join the U.S. Air Force in 1996. As of 2002, he was a staff sergeant and was stationed at Holloman AFB in New Mexico. He earned a dozen awards for, among other accomplishments, planning missions during the 1999 Kosovo War. He left the Air Force in 2003, at which time he was living in Denver with his wife and their two daughters, Hayley and Hannah.


</doc>
<doc id="3294769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3294769" title="Casey Biggs">
Casey Biggs

Casey Patrick Biggs (born April 4, 1955) is an American actor, best known throughout the Star Trek community for starring as the Cardassian Damar, on "".

Biggs was born on April 4, 1955, in Toledo, Ohio. When he was very young, he was a foster child. He decided to pursue acting when he was a student at Central Catholic High School and graduated in 1973. He received a BFA from Juilliard in 1977; studied acting at the Toledo Repertory Theatre.

In January 1996, Biggs was in the made-for-TV movie "A Promise to Carolyn". In 1996, he was nominated for the role of Damar in the science fiction show "". First intended as a minor character, Damar later became one of the major figures in the show, leading the entire Cardassian Union and having a major influence on the show's events. Biggs later returned to the "Star Trek" universe, making a guest appearance on "" in the season 3 episode "" as an Illyrian captain.

Biggs's other TV roles include the soap operas "Ryan's Hope" as Fenno Moore from 1988–1989, and "General Hospital" as Chad Wainwright in 1990. Another television role was on the 1990s TV series "Stat". He has appeared in movies such as "The Pelican Brief", "Broken Arrow", "Dragonfly" and the "Star Trek" documentary "Trekkies 2".

Biggs has made many guest appearances on TV shows, some of those appearances range from "Father Dowling Mysteries", "Matlock", "The Young Riders", "ER", "Snoops", "", "", "Person of Interest" and "Crossing Jordan". Biggs currently teaches directing and acting at The New School for Drama. Biggs appeared in the HBO docudrama "Too Big To Fail" on the 2008 financial crisis as Wells Fargo chairman Richard Kovacevich. In 2018, he will return to "General Hospital" as Dr. Lasaris.

Biggs was married to Roxann Dawson from 1985 to 1987. Dawson later played B'Elanna Torres in "". Their marriage ended before either of them was cast in "Star Trek".



</doc>
<doc id="3296933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3296933" title="Ricky Dean Logan">
Ricky Dean Logan

Ricky Dean Logan is an American actor who has been in movies and on television.

His film credits include "Back to the Future Part II", "Back to the Future Part III" as a different character, "", and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". Ricky's most recent film is in the 2016 movie "Bridget Jones's Baby'.

Logan has made guest appearances on television shows, including "Seinfeld".



</doc>
<doc id="3300095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3300095" title="Abraham Benrubi">
Abraham Benrubi

Abraham Rubin Hercules Benrubi (born October 4, 1969) is an American character actor known for his appearances as Jerry Markovic on the long-running U.S. TV drama "ER", for his first role as Larry Kubiac on the series "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", Dennis in "Without a Paddle", and for his voice acting on the Adult Swim claymation series "Robot Chicken" as well as numerous video games including many in the "World of Warcraft" series.

Benrubi was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, the eldest son of Patricia and Asher Benrubi, who was a rock singer and is currently a radio personality known as "Smash" to St. Louis radio audiences. His paternal grandfather was from a Greek Jewish family. His paternal grandmother, who was born to a Greek Orthodox Christian family, helped shelter Jews in Greece during World War II and later converted to Judaism.

Benrubi graduated from Broad Ripple High School in Indianapolis, the same high school alma mater of David Letterman and former New England Patriots star Rosevelt Colvin.

Benrubi's first major role was on the show "Wings", as Roy "R.J." Biggins, Jr., Roy's gay son. He would appear as R.J. twice: once during the show's first season, and again during the seventh season, shortly after he began working on NBC's "ER".

Between the first and second seasons of "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", Benrubi and co-star Taj Johnson worked as roadies for No Doubt's first tour.

Benrubi starred as one of the main characters in ABC's show "Men in Trees", playing bartender/millionaire Ben Tomasson. This was a role where he got noticeably more main dialog and depth than with his previous longtime characters on "ER" and "Parker Lewis Can't Lose", which primarily consisted of supporting dialog. Ben Tomasson was described as "the cuddliest TV character since Jorge Garcia's Hurley on "Lost"" by TV-critic David Bianculli. Other previous work includes playing Mose in the 2003 western "Open Range", a role the actor won because he had been cut out of director Kevin Costner's previous film, "The Postman". He frequently voices characters on Adult Swim's stop-motion animation show "Robot Chicken", and has also contributed to a second show from "Chicken's" creators, "Titan Maximum."

Following the cancellation of "Men In Trees" in early 2007, Benrubi returned to the cast of "ER" in late 2008 for the show's final season.

Benrubi played a young Dan Conner, the character portrayed by John Goodman, in a flashback episode of "Roseanne".

Benrubi starred in the short lived (April 2010 to June 2010) ABC show, "Happy Town" where he played the part of Big Dave Duncan. Almost right after the series's cancellation was announced he appeared in a new show "Memphis Beat", where he plays the part of police Sgt. Jody "JC" Lightfoot, a desk sergeant that is 1/16 Chickasaw by a distant relative, but chooses to embrace Native American culture all the same.

In May 2011, it was announced that he would star in "Glutton", a "3D psychological thriller" directed by David Arquette. Benrubi will play Jethro, a 1,200-pound man, forced to save his sister's life. Jethro's sister is played by Patricia Arquette, while Kacey Barnfield also stars as his blind neighbour and only friend.

Benrubi is a member of Los Angeles' Sacred Fools Theater Company.



</doc>
<doc id="3301802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3301802" title="Will Yun Lee">
Will Yun Lee

Will Yun Lee (born March 22, 1971) is an American actor and martial artist. He is best known for his roles as Danny Woo in the supernatural drama "Witchblade" and Jae Kim in the sci-fi series "Bionic Woman". He has also appeared in the films "Die Another Day" (2002), "Elektra" (2005) and "The Wolverine" (2013). He had a recurring role as Sang Min in "Hawaii Five-0", plays one of the bodies of series protagonist Takeshi Kovacs in "Altered Carbon", and voiced Wei Shen in the game "Sleeping Dogs" (2012). , he is appearing on the ABC medical drama "The Good Doctor" playing Dr. Alex Park.

Lee was born in Arlington, Virginia, to Korean parents. His father also has some Chinese origins. His parents are mother Jing Ja Lee and father Soo Woong Lee, a Taekwondo grandmaster. He first began training at just three years old and spent a portion of his youth teaching at Lee's Tae Kwon Do training facility, his family's business in Napa, California. 

Lee spent his youth moving across the United States and has attended 23 schools.

Lee attended UC Berkeley with a full athletic scholarship to study political science and ethnic studies.

Lee had supporting roles in high-profile films such as "Die Another Day", "Torque", "The King of Fighters" and "Elektra". He has also acted on FX Network's mini-series "Thief" and ABC Family's TV movie Mini-series "Fallen". He recently guest starred in "Hawaii Five-0" as recurring character "Sang Min", and in "True Blood" as "Mr. Gus". He also played Kenuichio Harada in James Mangold's "The Wolverine" (2013). In 2018, Lee appeared in several episodes of the Netflix science-fiction series "Altered Carbon" as the original body of protagonist Takeshi Kovacs (otherwise predominantly played by Joel Kinnaman in season one and Anthony Mackie in season two).

Lee provides the voice of the main protagonist in Square Enix's Hong Kong open-world crime game "Sleeping Dogs" as undercover cop Wei Shen.
In 2002, he was named by "People" as one of their "50 Most Beautiful People", which quickly led to high-profile roles. In November 2007, he was again recognized by "People", this time as one of the members of their list of the 15 "Sexiest Men Alive".

Lee is among the actors, producers and directors interviewed in the 2006 documentary "The Slanted Screen" directed by Jeff Adachi, about the representation of Asian and Asian American men in Hollywood. He was featured in the music video of Mariah Carey's "Boy (I Need You)" as well as Ice Cube's "Roll Call".

In October 2010, Lee married actress Jennifer Birmingham in Shreveport, Louisiana. Their son, Cash, was born in June 2013. Cash was diagnosed with the Moyamoya disease, a rare blood disorder, at the age of three.



</doc>
<doc id="3301861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3301861" title="Stuart Pankin">
Stuart Pankin

Stuart Pankin (born April 8, 1946) is an American actor, who is known for his role as anchor Bob Charles in "Not Necessarily the News" and as the voice of Earl Sinclair in "Dinosaurs". Stuart is also known for his portrayal of Commander Edward Plank in the "Zenon" trilogy films, and Orthodox Jew Ben Heineman in "Curb Your Enthusiasm", as well as making many guest appearances in many television shows and for lending his voice to various animated shows and films. Among his approximately three dozen films was "Hollywood Knights". He also appeared in "Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves" and "Arachnophobia" and as Jimmy in "Fatal Attraction".

Pankin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and attended Dickinson College, where he was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and Columbia University.

Early in his career, Pankin frequently performed at St. Vincent Summer Theatre and still returns to perform there often. Pankin is known for his portrayal as anchor Bob Charles on HBO's "Not Necessarily the News", as well for voicing Earl Sinclair in the family sitcom "Dinosaurs", he is also known for playing the father Mike Dooley on the short-lived sitcom "Nearly Departed". Pankin also played an Orthodox Jew in "Curb Your Enthusiasm". Pankin made many guest appearances and lent his voice to animated shows, as well for appearing in numerous television commercials.

One of Pankin's earliest film appearances was as asthmatic musician/magician Dudley Laywicker in "Hollywood Knights". Among his approximately three dozen film appearances, he starred in "", "", and "" as Commander Plank. He also appeared in "Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves", as the brother of Wayne Szalinski, and also co-starred as a bossy, self-important lawman in the horror/comedy "Arachnophobia".

Pankin also appeared as an absent-minded professor in a series of edutainment 3D films ("Encounter in the Third Dimension" and "Misadventures in 3D"), designed for large-screen IMAX theaters. He has been a spokesman in infomercials, including for the " WalkFit Phase 4 Orthotics" shoe insert.

Although Pankin is known for comedy roles and game show appearances (e.g., "The $100,000 Pyramid"), he has sometimes also taken dramatic roles, such as Michael Douglas's character's friend Jimmy, who attempts to hit on Glenn Close's character in Adrian Lyne's hit thriller "Fatal Attraction".

Pankin also appeared on Ken Reid's "TV Guidance Counselor Podcast" on January 24, 2017.

Pankin has been married to actress Joy Pankin since 1974; together they have a son, Andy.


</doc>
<doc id="3303602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3303602" title="Linwood Boomer">
Linwood Boomer

Linwood Boomer (born October 9, 1955) is a Canadian-American television producer, writer, and former actor. He is known for playing the role of Adam Kendall on the drama "Little House on the Prairie", and for creating the Fox sitcom "Malcolm in the Middle".

Boomer was born in a lower-middle class family in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the third of four sons. He was enrolled in a gifted program at school. His mother is named Eileen. He was the middle child in his household. Boomer made a show based on his life story called "Malcolm in the Middle", which ran from 2000-2006.

Boomer began his career as an actor. After playing Adam Kendall on "Little House on the Prairie", Boomer began focusing his talents on the behind-the-scenes aspects of television.

Boomer's writing and executive producing credits include "Night Court", "Flying Blind", "The Boys Are Back", "Townies", "3rd Rock from the Sun" and "God, the Devil and Bob". He also created and executive produced the pilots "Family Business", "Nice Try", and the U.S. version of "Red Dwarf", and served as an executive producer under James L. Brooks for the pilot of "Big". He also owns his own production company Satin City.

Boomer negotiated with CBS on a pilot order for a project that reunited him with Gail Berman, the exec who shepherded "Malcolm" during her tenure at Regency TV and as programming chief at Fox. Boomer wrote the script and exec produced along with Berman and Lloyd Braun for their "BermanBraun" shingle and Universal Media Studios, where BermanBraun is based. Dubbed "The Karenskys", the multi-camera comedy would revolve around a daughter's return to the fold of her large, eccentric, ethnic family after her husband takes a job in her hometown. It was directed by Pamela Fryman and starred Annie Potts, Desi Lydic, Jack Thompson, Mather Zickel, Sasha Alexander, Tinsley Grimes, & Todd Stashwick.

Although Boomer has created, produced and acted in many television series, he is best known for creating the Fox sitcom "Malcolm in the Middle", which was based on his life story. The debut episode of the series was watched by 22.5 million viewers, and the second episode was watched by 26 million viewers. The series ran for seven seasons from 2000 to 2006 and in total had 151 episodes. Boomer wrote two episodes, starting with "Pilot" and then "Francis Escapes" and directed five episodes, "Opera", "Stilts", "Reese vs. Stevie", "Bride of Ida", and the series finale, "Graduation". Boomer received a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for the pilot episode. 





</doc>
<doc id="3304006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3304006" title="Richard Ruccolo">
Richard Ruccolo

Richard Robert Ruccolo (born March 2, 1972) is an American television and film actor, best known for his lead role in the sitcom "Two Guys and a Girl" (originally titled "Two Guys, a Girl and a Pizza Place").

Ruccolo was born in Marlton, New Jersey. He attended Cherokee High School in Evesham Township, New Jersey. It was there Ruccolo first discovered his love of acting while starring as the lead in the high school's production of "Oklahoma!" After graduating he moved to Los Angeles to find work as an actor. Throughout his auditions, Ruccolo slept on his friend's sofa until he found work.

Gradually Ruccolo began to find guest roles in such dramas as "Beverly Hills, 90210" and "The X-Files". He starred in nationally televised commercials for Wendy's, Skittles and 7 Up. However, it was not until 1998 that Ruccolo became recognized. Ruccolo found fame as Pete Dunville in the sitcom "Two Guys and a Girl". When the series was canceled in 2001, Ruccolo starred in "All Over the Guy", "The One", "Missing in the USA", and "Anacardium". In 2005, he guest starred in three episodes of "Joey" as Glen.

In 2008 and 2010, Ruccolo starred in the Lifetime sitcom "Rita Rocks".

Ruccolo was once engaged to former "Saved by the Bell" star Tiffani Thiessen. They met in 2000 when Thiessen guest starred in several episodes of "Two Guys and a Girl". Their relationship ended in March 2003. In 2008, he married Lauren Rees.


</doc>
<doc id="3305905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3305905" title="Hansford Rowe">
Hansford Rowe

Hansford Herndon Rowe Jr. (May 12, 1924 – September 5, 2017) was an American film, stage and television actor.

Rowe was born in Richmond, Virginia, the son of Virginia Isabel (née Willis) and Hansford Herndon Rowe, who was a veterinarian. He was one of five siblings.

Rowe was a graduate of John Marshall High School. He served in the US Navy during World War II in the South Pacific on a minesweeper warship as a radio controller. He subsequently graduated with a degree in Theater Arts from University of Richmond.

His first television role was in the 1967 TV movie "The Thanksgiving Visitor". In 1968, he had a non-speaking role as a judge in three episodes of the cult series "Dark Shadows." In 1969, he played a judge on the long-running CBS daytime drama "The Guiding Light". 

Rowe played in the 1983 NBC miniseries "V" as Arthur Dupres, the stepfather of resistance leader Mike Donovan. He reprised his role in the 1984 sequel "V: The Final Battle". Rowe made guest appearances on TV shows, including "Love, Sidney", "L.A. Law", "The Greatest American Hero", "Six Feet Under", "Night Court" and "Will & Grace". He played President Harry S. Truman in "Dark Skies". 

Rowe's film roles include "Gordon's War" (1973), "Missing" (1982), "Baby Boom" (1987), and "Dry Cycle" (2003).

In 1980, Rowe appeared on Broadway in "Nuts", for which he was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play.

Rowe was married and had two sons and another by marriage.

On September 5, 2017, Rowe died in a car accident in Newhall, California. He was 93 years old. He donated his body for scientific study.



</doc>
<doc id="3306471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3306471" title="Jeffrey Weissman">
Jeffrey Weissman

Jeffrey Weissman (born October 2, 1958) is an American actor. He has appeared in dozens of motion pictures and TV shows, most notably as George McFly in "Back to the Future Part II" and "III" with Michael J. Fox, and as Teddy Conway in "Pale Rider" with Clint Eastwood, with John Lithgow in "", guest star spots on "Scarecrow and Mrs. King", "Max Headroom", "Dallas", "The Man Show", and with Dick Van Dyke on "" and as Screech's Guru on "Saved by the Bell".

He continues to act, on stage, film & television. He coaches and teaches, from the art of "commedia dell'arte" to film technique, with students including both professionals and newcomers to the arts. He recently got rave reviews as OCD winemaker Gerry Hannon in the feature mockumentary "Corked!". He co-stars in dozens of indies since 2005. And he teaches acting for film, directing, writing and improv at San Francisco School of Digital Film Making.

Jeffrey trained in acting and performance at American Conservatory Theater, San Francisco State University, UCLA and Santa Monica City College. His comedic experience includes work with The Second City Alumni, Los Angeles Theater Sports, Andy Goldberg and Bill Hudnutt Sitcom Workshops, (formerly Harvey Lembeck). He also trained at Berekely Rep. in the "Finding the Inner Imp" with Ron Campbell, and participated in acting workshops with Peter Flood, Jackie Benton, and Magic Theater Gym. He has trained in dance, movement, storytelling workshops with the Voice of Men In Motion. He also trained under Jackie Benton, Peter Flood, and Bill Hudnut, and was a Varsity Player with Los Angeles Theatersports.

Jeffrey Weissman has worked in commercials, television shows, and feature films, and is probably best known for his portrayal of the role of George McFly in the two "Back to the Future" sequels, taking over the role from Crispin Glover, who declined. For the role, Weissman wore extremely heavy makeup to have him resemble Glover, and most of his scenes were shot with him either upside down or in the background (which led to Glover suing the producers for using his likeness without his permission).

He has appeared in roles in feature films including "Pale Rider" and "". He has also made guest appearances on television shows such as "Saved by the Bell", "The Man Show", "Dallas", "Max Headroom", "Scarecrow and Mrs. King", "Chip and Pepper's Cartoon Spectacular", and "Divorce Court". His commercial credits include an interactive television commercial for Ameritech and a Christmas commercial for the grocery chain Publix.

Jeffrey has done ADR and looping on dozens of projects; Heathers, Loverboy, The Best Times, Crime of Innocence, Pale Rider, Hot Resort, and others. Also on camera and off in PSAs, Industrials and live trade shows.

He has directed for Universal Studios in Japan, and he was artistic director of the ‘Flying Penguins’ improv comedy group, (helping to form the highly acclaimed Los Angeles Theater Sports, now in its 18th year). He has recently been teaching theater games to training teachers at Dominican College, commedia dell'arte & "The Business of Acting" at Sonoma State University, as well as "Kidprov" & "Teenprov" workshops & shows at various libraries in Marin County and South San Francisco.








</doc>
<doc id="3307665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3307665" title="Anthony Ray Parker">
Anthony Ray Parker

Anthony Ray Parker (born May 13, 1958) is an American actor.

Parker was born in Saginaw, Michigan, United States, and currently resides in Los Angeles, California. For years during the late 1990s and early 2000s, Parker settled in Auckland, New Zealand and had a prominent career on television in various shows as Suzanne Paul's sidekick. He appeared in the film "The Matrix" as the character Dozer. In 2006, Parker starred in John Cena's film "The Marine". He will also appear in the horror film "Dead Air".

He has filmed a number of television shows and movies in Australia and New Zealand.

In 2007 he performed the role of Buddy McDeere, the Head coach of the Russian boxer, Anton Kolchin in the Russian movie "".

Parker has appeared in the Starz production of "" in the role of a rebel slave named Sanus in 2013.

Anthony Ray Parker has a daughter and two sons, all of whom currently reside in New Zealand. His son Joseph Lavell Parker received widespread media attention after alleged involvement in gang rapes in the Roast Busters scandal.


</doc>
<doc id="3308948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3308948" title="Mauricio Ochmann">
Mauricio Ochmann

Mauricio Ochmann (born November 16, 1977) is an American born, Mexican actor best known for his roles in telenovelas, such as "Amarte Asi", where he starred as Ignacio "Nacho" Reyes. He also appeared in Kevin Costner's film "Message in a Bottle", the TV series "That's life" and "Latino Green". He appeared as Fabián Duque in Telemundo's "Dame Chocolate". He starred as Victorino Mora in Telemundo's hit "Victorinos" and was the leading role in the Telemundo novela "El Clon". He is also the star of "El Chema" a spin off of his character "Chema Venegas" from the hit television series "El Señor de los Cielos".

Mauricio Ochmann was born on November 16, 1977 in Washington, D. C.. Ochmann never knew his biological parents and during his first years of life grew up with his adoptive mother, María, and her first husband, Guillermo, who finally divorced. After the separation, Mauricio and his mother moved to Mexico, where the actor's mother began a relationship with German Thomas Ochmann and lived with his brothers Thomas, Christian and Paulo. Years later Mauricio moved to Los Angeles, where he studied acting in Joanne Baron Studio of Santa Monica.

From a young age, Mauricio showed interest in the performance by participating in various local activities and works, but it was at age 16 that he got his first professional opportunity on the TV show "La Otra Cosa" by Héctor Suárez. After studying in Los Angeles he got a small role in the movie "Message in a Bottle", alongside actors like Kevin Costner and Robin Wright. After his first works, he returned to Mexico where actor and producer Humberto Zurita and his wife Cristian Bach give him the opportunity to star in his first telenovela with Bárbara Mori, titled "Azul Tequila", which premiered in 1998. The following year he is chosen by Elisa Salinas to star in the telenovela "Háblame de amor" with Danna García. After entering in the television, decides to act in works of theaters and its first putting in scene was in "Equus" with which it obtains to several recognitions, among them the prize to "Actor Revelation in Theater" by the National Association of Theater Critics.In 2000 he returned to Los Angeles and participated in the series produced by Diane Ruggiero, entitled "That's Life". At the end of this one returned to Mexico to act along to Lorena Rojas in the telenovela "Como en el cine" (2001), for Televisión Azteca. In 2003, he participated in the telenovela "Mirada de mujer, el regreso", sequel of "Mirada de mujer". Also he was part of the cast of productions like "Ladies' Night", in 2004 on "7 mujeres, 1 homosexual y Carlos", along to Adriana Fonseca, Rogelio Guerra, Luis Felipe Tovar and Ninel Conde. In 2005 he appeared in the thriller film, "Ver, oír y callar", along to Luis Felipe Tovar and Paola Núñez. Also, with Litzy he protagonized the telenovela "Amarte así, Frijolito", in the character of "Ignacio"; and in the film "Tres", by Carlos Valdivia.

Among his works are the telenovelas "Dame chocolate" and "Marina" which he abandoned because of addiction problems. In 2007 he participated in "Victoria", in which he shared credits with Géraldine Bazán and Andrea López, among other artists; the melodrama was a remake of "Señora Isabel" and "Mirada de mujer" (1997), starring Angelica Aragón and Ari Telch. Between 2010 and 2011 i starred in the telenovelas "Victorinos", remake of "Cuando quiero llorar no lloro" and that in turn is based on the book written by the Venezuelan author Miguel Otero Silva and "El sexo débil" along to Itatí Cantoral. Already in 2012, he stars in her last telenovela titled "Rosa diamante", along with Carla Hernández, then the following year he entered the Telemundo series, "El Señor de los Cielos", where he only appeared in the final episode of the first season, in the second and third season was promoted to main protagonist. Thanks to this series he was nominated several times in the annual awards of Telemundo. But it was at the 2015 ceremony where he won the "Best Bad Boy" award. After concluding his participation in the series, Mauricio began to dedicate himself to the cinema and to participate in publicity campaigns.

In 2015 he premiered his film "A la mala"; this would be his first project with his current partner Aislinn Derbez. In 2016 he appeared in the American series "Easy"; later he returned to play Jose María "Chema" Venegas, in the series "El Chema", spin-off of the series "El Señor de los Cielos". Thanks to this character Mauricio has managed to be recognized in several parts of the world, receiving positive critics as well as negative, given a personage supposedly based on El Chapo.

2018 ya veremos




</doc>
<doc id="3310159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3310159" title="Jack Plotnick">
Jack Plotnick

Jack Stuart Plotnick (born October 30, 1968) is an American film and television actor, writer, and producer.

Plotnick is possibly best known for his role as Edmund Kay in the 1998 period drama "Gods and Monsters", which won an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay, and recurring roles on the television series "Ellen" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", his role as part of the main cast of "Drawn Together", his leading performance in the film "Wrong" and his drag persona, "Evie Harris" in "Girls Will Be Girls". He had a recurring role on "The Mentalist" as Red John suspect Brett Partridge. Plotnick directed and co-wrote the 2014 science fiction comedy "Space Station 76".

Plotnick was born in Worthington, Ohio, the youngest of four children, and graduated from Worthington High School in 1987. He attended Carnegie Mellon University. Plotnick was raised Jewish and is openly gay.

Along with co-stars Miss Coco Peru and Varla Jean Merman, Plotnick shared the Best Actor Grand Jury Award at Outfest 2003 and "Best Actress" honors at the 2003 U.S. Comedy Arts Festival for his role in "Girls Will Be Girls".



Plotnick performed in the July 2012 edition of "Don't Tell My Mother! (Live Storytelling)", a monthly showcase in which actors, authors, screenwriters and comedians share true stories they would never want their mothers to know.

In 2015 he released the e-book "New Thoughts for Actors" which he offers for free, writing "I wrote it as a way to give back to my community."

In 2018, he made a cameo in Brandon Rodgers' "A Day at the Beach" as Lyle Lemon. The video is currently on YouTube and has over 4 million views. He was also featured in Brandon Rodgers’ “North Pole Complaints (Offensive)” as Tiny Toni. As of right now, the video has 1.1 million views. In 2019, he made a cameo as Mr. Best in Brandon Rogers' "Blame the Hero" episode 3.



</doc>
<doc id="3310330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3310330" title="Michael Reilly Burke">
Michael Reilly Burke

Michael Reilly Burke (born June 27, 1964) is an American actor. He played Rex Van De Kamp on the unaired pilot of "Desperate Housewives". Steven Culp replaced him before the pilot aired. He also appeared in The WB series "Charmed" in the episode "Heartbreak City". He is a 1982 graduate of Marin Catholic High School in Marin County, California.

The lone starring role of his career has been as serial killer Ted Bundy in the 2002 film "Ted Bundy". He played the role of Officer Kevin Lund on ABC Family's "Lincoln Heights". He has guest starred on various "Star Trek" series and CSIs.




</doc>
<doc id="3311579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3311579" title="Thomas Hill (actor)">
Thomas Hill (actor)

Thomas N. Hill (June 2, 1927 – April 20, 2009) was an American character actor and director on stage for decades before starting in film in the mid-1960s and on television in the 1980s.

Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana in 1927, one of Hill's most prominent recurring roles was as the zany sidekick Jim Dixon on the 1980s TV series "Newhart". Hill also appeared as King Baaldorf in the short-lived 1980s series "Wizards and Warriors". His TV movie roles include Father Andrew Doyle in the 1984 NBC miniseries "V: The Final Battle". He had guest appearances on such shows as "St. Elsewhere", "Remington Steele", "The Facts of Life", "Married... with Children", "Coach", and "Law & Order".

Hill's first feature film performance was in the 1965 film "The Slender Thread". Other film credits include "The Postman Always Rings Twice", "Firefox" (1982), and was well known for his role as Mr Coriander, the bookstore owner in "The NeverEnding Story", as well as the .

Hill died of a motor neurone disease on April 20, 2009, aged 81 in Bloomington, Indiana.


</doc>
<doc id="3311839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3311839" title="Sandy Simpson">
Sandy Simpson

Sandy Simpson is an actor who starred on television, he did not have a long career in acting though he is remembered for his role in the science fiction community in the 1984 hit NBC mini series "V: The Final Battle" as Mark, a former police officer who is a member of the resistance.

Sandy also co-starred in the 1980s short lived TV series "Off the Rack" as well as making an appearance on "The Facts of Life" in season 9 episode "Down and Out in Malibu" as Jo's boyfriend, Paul


</doc>
<doc id="3315174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3315174" title="Mitch Holleman">
Mitch Holleman

Mitch Holleman (born Mitchell James Holleman; September 13, 1994) is an American actor. On the TV sitcom "Reba", he played Jake Hart, the son of Reba Hart, who was played by country music singer Reba McEntire.

Born in Auburn, Alabama, Mitch began begging to be on television at the age of 2. The family moved to Naples, Florida and he was signed to a Miami-based talent agency. By 4, he had done two commercials for Nickelodeon and Burger King. In addition to acting, Mitch enjoys Taekwondo, amusement parks and surfing on his days off. He currently lives with his family in Los Angeles, California.

Aged 4, he took a trip to New York City with his mother, which resulted in numerous commercials and a guest-starring role on "The Sopranos". His big break came at age 5 when he landed a series regular role on "Daddio". He also had a lead role on the show, Reba. Since then, he has guest-starred on "Everybody Loves Raymond" and appeared in the films "The Animal"alongside Rob Schneider, “Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid” and "Bubble Boy" alongside Jake Gyllenhaal. He also periodically serves as an on-air reporter for TV Guide Channel. By the age of 9, he had amassed several credits in television and movies. He has also had a voice-over role playing The Duke on "". He recently guest starred on Disney Channel's "Shake It Up".




</doc>
<doc id="3316240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316240" title="Keith Prentice">
Keith Prentice

Keith Prentice (February 21, 1940 – September 27, 1992) was an American TV, film and stage actor, whose most famous role was the part of Larry in both the original stage and film versions of "The Boys in the Band". Prentice also appeared on the TV soap "Dark Shadows" during the series' final months in 1971. For a number of years, his picture was displayed on the Tasters Choice coffee label.

Prentice studied in New York City at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. His stage musical credits include "Sail Away", "The Sound of Music", "Paint Your Wagon", and "The King and I". In 1968, he appeared off-Broadway in the play "The Boys in the Band", a once controversial play featuring gay characters at a dramatic birthday party - the Summer before the Stonewall gay civil rights riots. He also appeared in the film version of the play.

In 1971 Prentice joined the cast of "Dark Shadows" playing Morgan Collins in the show's 1841PT plot line. Prentice also appeared as Nils Fowler in the 1972 film "The Legend of Nigger Charley" and had a small role in the 1980 film "Cruising" which, like "The Boys in the Band", was directed by William Friedkin.

In 1982, Keith Prentice co-founded Kettering Theatre Under the Stars, and directed summer shows there until the year of his death.

Prentice died of AIDS-related cancer on September 27, 1992 in Kettering, Ohio.



</doc>
<doc id="3316323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316323" title="Mitchell Ryan">
Mitchell Ryan

Mitchell Ryan (born January 11, 1934) is an American former film, television, and stage actor, who in his six decades of television is known for playing Burke Devlin in the 1960s gothic soap opera "Dark Shadows", and later for his co-starring role as Thomas Gibson's father Edward Montgomery on "Dharma & Greg". He also played the villainous General Peter McAllister in the 1987 buddy cop action film "Lethal Weapon."

Ryan was born on January 11, 1934, in Cincinnati, Ohio, and raised in Louisville, Kentucky. His father was a novelty salesman. He served in the United States Navy during the Korean War. After the Korean War, he went to the Barter Theatre in Abingdon, Virginia. There, he went on to make his acting debut in "Thunder Road" along with the theatre's founder Robert Porterfield.

A life member of the Actors Studio, Ryan's Broadway theatre credits include "Wait Until Dark", "Medea", and "The Price".

Ryan was an original cast member on the cult TV soap opera "Dark Shadows", playing Burke Devlin until he was fired from the show in June 1967 due to his alcoholism, and replaced by Anthony George.

In 1970, Ryan was in one episode of "The High Chaparral" as a character named Jelks, who was on the run from the law.

He appeared in an episode of "Cannon", "Fool's Gold" in 1971, and in ABC's "The Streets of San Francisco" episode "The Unicorn". In 1973, he played the lead in the NBC adventure show "Chase", with co-stars Wayne Maunder and Reid Smith.

In 1975, Ryan played in Barnaby Jones, episode titled “Counterfall”. In 1976-77, he portrayed the leading character on "Executive Suite" and worked with his future on-screen wife from "Dharma & Greg", Susan Sullivan, in the short-lived series "Julie Farr, M.D.".

His other acting credits include "Liar, Liar", "Cannon", "Magnum Force" playing as Dirty Harry's ill-fated despondent best friend and fellow police officer, a burned out motorcycle patrolman named Charlie McCoy, "Lethal Weapon" playing the key villain, General Peter McAllister, "Grosse Pointe Blank", "Electra Glide in Blue", and "Hot Shots! Part Deux" playing senator Grey Edwards. And in 1985, he portrayed Tillet Main, the patriarch of the Main family in the first "North and South" miniseries. In 1991, he played Ellis Blake in the sixth season Matlock episode: "The Foursome".

Ryan appeared in NBC's "The A-Team" episode "Waste 'Em", as Grant Everett in the two-part "Silk Stalkings" episode "Partners", and as Kyle Riker, the father of Commander William Riker, in the "" episode "The Icarus Factor"; Ryan had earlier been considered for the part of series lead Captain Jean-Luc Picard. He also portrayed the roles of the abusive boyfriend of Blanche Deveraux in "The Golden Girls" and a police officer in a 1993 episode of "NYPD Blue". That same year, Ryan was Dallas Shields in "Renegade". He appeared in the 1963 episode of "Hart to Hart" 'Highland Fling'. In 1994, he appeared again in Hart to Hart, this time in the episode 'Home Is Where the Hart Is'. In 1995, he appeared in "Judge Dredd" and "" as Dr. Terence Wynn (played by Robert Phalen in the original "Halloween" film). 

He played the role of Greg's father Edward Montgomery on the show "Dharma & Greg", which ran from 1997 to 2002. The following year, Ryan voiced Highfather on "Justice League".

He was the Screen Actors Guild Foundation president.

Ryan married Lynda Morse in 1972. They later divorced. The couple had three children.

9. Demetria Fulton; previewed Ryan in Barnaby Jones; episode titled “Counterfall”(02/04/1975). 



</doc>
<doc id="3316360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316360" title="Jerry Lacy">
Jerry Lacy

Gerald LeRoy Lacy (born March 27, 1936) is an American soap opera actor best known for playing the roles of Tony Peterson, Reverend Trask, Reverend Gregory Trask, Mr. Trask, and Lamar Trask on the TV serial "Dark Shadows". He has also appeared on "The Secret Storm", "As the World Turns" (as Simon Gilbey), "Love of Life" (as Rick Latimer), and "The Young and the Restless" (as Jonas).

Lacy was born in Sioux City, Iowa. He played Humphrey Bogart in both the Broadway show and film version of Woody Allen's "Play It Again, Sam". During the 1970s Lacy appeared in the films "House of Dark Shadows", "The Money", and "Blood Bath" His other film roles included "The Big G" and "Imps*", as well as the TV films "Pleasure Cove", "Fighting Back" and "Chiller". Lacy was offered the role of Rev. Trask in the second film based on "Dark Shadows", "Night of Dark Shadows", but at the time he was under contract with "As the World Turns" and his schedule on the show was too heavy for him to shoot the film. The character's name was changed to Rev. Strack and played by veteran actor and "Dark Shadows" co-star Thayer David.
He has been married to actress Julia Duffy since 1984 and they have two children. The couple met when they were both appearing on the CBS soap opera "Love of Life". In the 1990s he appeared with his wife on the series "Designing Women", as her character's (Allison Sugarbaker) ex-fiance, Barry, who dumped her at the altar and in 2005, in an episode of "Drake & Josh" (which aired in 2006), he appeared as Duffy's character's (Alice Hayfer) husband. He also wrote one of the episodes of Duffy's other comedy series, "Newhart".

In the summer of 1970, Lacy was a regular on the CBS summer replacement series, "Comedy Tonight", and later a similar show, "20th Century Follies". He has guest-starred in a number of primetime shows, including "McCloud", "Eight is Enough", "The White Shadow", "Knots Landing", "Hardball" and "Saved by the Bell".

He returned to the role of Gregory Trask in the "Dark Shadows" audio dramas "The Wicked and the Dead" (2009) and "Kingdom of the Dead" (2010).

In mid-2010, Lacy sat for an exclusive interview with freelance writer (and "Dark Shadows" fan) Rod Labbe. Entitled "Saints and Sinners," it ran in the September 2010 edition of "Fangoria" magazine. Labbe and Lacy collaborated again on a lengthier interview for "Scary Monsters Magazine". The issue, #90, was released in December 2013, and the interview is entitled "Right for the Part." Also in 2013, Lacy reunited with his "Dark Shadows" costars Lara Parker and Kathryn Leigh Scott for the feature film "Doctor Mabuse", written and directed by Ansel Faraj. Lacy starred as the titular doctor, reprising his role in "Doctor Mabuse: Etiopomar", released in 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="3316423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316423" title="Michael Stroka">
Michael Stroka

Michael George Stroka (May 9, 1938 in Passaic, New Jersey – April 14, 1997) was an American actor on soap operas including ABC-TV's "Dark Shadows", in which he played Aristede, Bruno Hess, and Laszlo Ferrari from 1969 to 1970. In addition, he made a cameo appearance as a pallbearer in MGM's "House of Dark Shadows" (1970), the first of two feature films based on the series. He also appeared in 1965 on "Combat!" in two episodes, "Heritage" in season 3 and in "9 Place Vendee" in season 4.

Stroka was the son of Slovak immigrants, and was born in Passaic, New Jersey. Stroka was Byzantine Catholic, and a member of Saint Mary's Byzantine cathedral in Sherman Oaks.

From 1975 to 1976, he appeared as Dr. Quentin Henderson on "The Edge of Night". He also guest-starred in the "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" episode "Journey to Oasis".

Michael Stroka died from kidney cancer in Los Angeles, California at age 58.



</doc>
<doc id="3316452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316452" title="Robert Rodan">
Robert Rodan

Robert Rodan (born Robert Trimas January 30, 1938 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American actor who played Adam on the TV soap opera "Dark Shadows". In 2007, he guest starred in the "Dark Shadows" audio drama, "".


</doc>
<doc id="3316487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316487" title="Robert Gerringer">
Robert Gerringer

Robert Gerringer (born Robert Geiringer; May 12, 1926 - November 8, 1989) was an American character actor perhaps best known as Dr. Dave Woodard on the soap opera "Dark Shadows", a role he played during 1967. Gerringer left the show because he refused to cross the picket line during a technician's strike; he was replaced by actor Peter Turgeon for six episodes and the character then killed off.

Gerringer was born in New York City, the son of Mary Agnes (née Moran), a teacher, and Arthur Joseph Geiringer, a surgeon. He appeared in the film "The Exorcist" (1973) and in soap operas including "The Guiding Light", "Texas", in which he played Houston attorney Striker Bellman; and "The Edge of Night". He died from a stroke at age 63 in Damariscotta, Maine.



</doc>
<doc id="3316603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316603" title="Bryan Johnson (comic book writer)">
Bryan Johnson (comic book writer)

Bryan Cornelius Johnson (born December 7, 1967) is an American comic book writer, podcaster, actor and television personality associated with filmmaker Kevin Smith and the View Askewniverse. He is best known by his local fame in New Jersey and appearances in Smith's New Jersey films as comic book store owner Steve-Dave Pulasti. He was also the basis for the "Clerks" character Randal Graves. Through his friendship with Smith, he was often involved in his productions until Smith moved to Los Angeles. He wrote and directed one film, "Vulgar" (2000), for View Askew. He worked briefly at the Los Angeles branch of Smith's comic book store, Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash. He became co-host of the "Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!" podcast with friend Walt Flanagan and Brian Quinn. He also has co-starred on the AMC reality series "Comic Book Men" since 2012.

Johnson has collaborated with Flanagan in creating comics adapted from their screenplays, including the 2004 miniseries "Karney" and the 2007 miniseries "War of the Undead".

Bryan Lee Johnson was born in Highlands, New Jersey. Johnson attended Highlands Elementary School there (part of the Highlands School District) and Henry Hudson Regional High School, graduating in the mid 1980s.

In late 2009 Johnson began the podcast "Tell 'Em Steve-Dave" with his friends Walt "Baron Von" Flanagan and Brian "Q" Quinn.

Johnson has discussed his life and work with Kevin Smith in detail in various SmodCo podcasts, including 'Highlands, a Peephole History,' 'Why Bry?' with Kevin Smith, and 'Tell 'Em Steve-Dave,' the podcast he has hosted since Johnson created it in 2009.

On February 12, 2012, the reality television series "Comic Book Men" premiered, which stars both Johnson and Flanagan.







</doc>
<doc id="3316772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316772" title="Eric Christian Olsen">
Eric Christian Olsen

Eric Christian Olsen (born May 31, 1977) is an American actor and producer. He is known for his portrayals of Detective Marty Deeks on the CBS television series "", and of Austin in the film "Not Another Teen Movie".

Olsen was born in Eugene, Oregon, the son of Jeanne (née Donstad), a non-denominational chaplain, and Paul V. Olsen, a professor of English, and head track and cross country coach of Augustana College in Rock Island, Illinois. He has an older brother, David, who acts as his stunt double; David is married to actress Daniela Ruah. Olsen is of Norwegian descent. Olsen spent most of his childhood in Bettendorf, Iowa and attended Bettendorf Middle and High School, where he pursued interests such as sports, Japanese, and Chinese. In addition to many local theatre performances, Olsen trained in improv with ComedySportz Quad Cities and later joined the cast.

Olsen's first starring role was the titular role in the 1999 TV movie "Arthur's Quest", soon after he gave an Emmy submitted portrayal of a dying burn victim on NBC's "ER". His next role was a small one in HBO's "Black Cat Run". Eric soon landed a starring role in the Fox TV series "Get Real", playing Cameron Green. The series lasted for a year before Eric made his transition onto the big screen when he played Ben Affleck's gunner in "Pearl Harbor", that was quickly followed by a leading role as Austin "The Cocky Blond Guy" in the teen send up feature film "Not Another Teen Movie".

Olsen next played Jake in the teen comedy "The Hot Chick". In 2003, he won the role of Lloyd Christmas in "", the prequel to the hit movie "Dumb and Dumber". Olsen followed that up by playing opposite Chris Evans for a second time in "Cellular". He starred in the yet to be released "Mojave" and then joined the final season of Fox's "Tru Calling". He claimed three highly contrasting roles in 2006 and 2007 with the release of "Beerfest", "License to Wed" and Zach Braff's "The Last Kiss".

Olsen co-starred as Sully in the Fox sitcom "The Loop". Olsen had four other projects in 2008 and continues to reside in Malibu, California.

Olsen appeared on Will Ferrell and Adam McKay's streaming video website Funny or Die, with a small series of segments featuring a character called Perry Hilton, a parody of Paris Hilton. He starred in the 2011 science-fiction horror film "The Thing".

Olsen portrays Detective Marty Deeks on the CBS show "". His character appeared in two episodes of season one before joining the cast as a series regular in the second season.

He is a part of the cast of Mortal Enemy Audio Book by Nicholas Ryan Howard from 2018.

Olsen is a producer of a short film "Bald" from 2014 and executive producer of a documentary "Andy Irons: Kissed by God" from 2018.. He has his own production company Cloud Nine Productions. In 2019 he started his first show as an executive producer picked up in production for Hulu called "Woke".

Olsen made his writing debut with the season 11 episode 10 (the 250th overall episode) of titled "Mother", which aired December 1, 2019.

Olsen became engaged to actress Sarah Wright in October 2011. They were married near Jackson Hole, Wyoming, on June 23, 2012. Their first child, a son, Wyatt Oliver Wright Olsen was born on August 16, 2013 and their second child, a daughter, Esmé Olivia Wright Olsen was born on August 9, 2016. Olsen and Wright were featured in a 2015 episode of the HGTV series "House Hunters" buying a vacation home near Jackson Hole. Olsen works with the charity Hats Off for Cancer as an Honorary Board Member and Spokesperson, featured on their Public Service Announcement video.. He and his wife Sarah are members of Board of Directors of Environmental Media Awards.

Young Artist Awards

Teen Choice Awards

Razzie Awards

Prism Awards by Entertainment Industries Council


</doc>
<doc id="3316942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3316942" title="Nick Sakai">
Nick Sakai

Nick Sakai is an American actor and producer. He has been seen in "High Maintenance", "The Affair", "Orange Is The New Black", and other shows. He produced, directed and starred in his own short films, "Ms Kiss" and "Three Minute Love Affair". His 2010 film "12", a parody of "24," became a YouTube sensation and was premiered at the 2010 Comic-Con. He also associate produced (and acted in) "The Professor" starring Betsy Brandt and Rick Peters. The film won the Best Action/Adventure short at 2014 San Diego Comic-Con International.

He studied with Suzanne Shepherd "(Requiem for a Dream", "The Sopranos)", Maggie Flanigan at William Esper Studio, James Price, Loyd Williamson and Larry Moss.

On stage, he appeared in Off Broadway production of "The Shanghai Gesture", produced by Mirror Repertory Company, directed by Robert Kalfin, starring Tina Chen and Larry Pine plus many others in New York City.




</doc>
<doc id="3317009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3317009" title="Gary Collins (actor)">
Gary Collins (actor)

Gary Ennis Collins (April 30, 1938 – October 13, 2012) was an American film and television actor and talk-show host.

Collins was born in the Los Angeles neighborhood of Venice, California. He was raised there by a single mother who was a waitress and factory worker. Gary attended Venice High School and graduated with the class of 1955. After attending Santa Monica City College, he went into the United States Army.

Collins enlisted in the Army and served in Europe, where he was a radio and television performer for the Armed Forces Network. After his return, he performed at the Barter Theatre, a year-round repertory theatre in Abingdon, Virginia, whose director Robert Porterfield provided chances for many aspiring actors.

Collins made a career in television, co-starring, with Jack Warden and Mark Slade, in the 1965 series "The Wackiest Ship in the Army". He co-starred, with Dale Robertson and Robert Random, in the 1966-68 series "Iron Horse". He starred in the 1972 television series "The Sixth Sense", in syndication part of Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", as the parapsychologist and extrasensory perception-gifted Dr. Michael Rhodes. In 1974, he starred in the series "Born Free", based on the life of George Adamson, a Kenyan wildlife conservationist best known for his work with lions. Collins appeared in two episodes of "Perry Mason": in 1965, he played assistant district attorney and defendant Larry Germaine in the 1965 episode, "The Case of the Fatal Fetish", and in 1966, he played murderer Alex Tanner in "The Case of the Crafty Kidnapper".

Collins guest-starred in dozens of television shows beginning in the 1960s, including "The Virginian", "Hawaii Five-O", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "ALF", "The Love Boat", "The Bionic Woman", "Charlie's Angels", "Roots", "Gimme A Break!", "Friends", ""Yes, Dear"", "JAG", and most recently "Dirty Sexy Money". Collins also appeared in Barnaby Jones; episode titled, “Deadly Reunion”(02/12/1976). He appeared in the episode "You're Not Alone" from the 1977 anthology series "Quinn Martin's Tales of the Unexpected" (known in the United Kingdom as "Twist in the Tale").

Collins also had many film roles, including "The Pigeon That Took Rome" (1962), "Angel in My Pocket" (1969) also starring Andy Griffith, the original "Airport" (1970), "Quarantined" (1970), "Houston, We've Got a Problem" (1974), "The Night They Took Miss Beautiful" (1977), the horror thriller "Killer Fish" (1979), starring Lee Majors, "Watchers Reborn" (1998), and "The Jungle Book: Search for the Lost Treasure" (1998). He also played an American astronaut involved in a UFO coverup in the 1980 film "Hangar 18".

Collins hosted the Group W television talk show "Hour Magazine" from 1980 to 1988, and co-hosted the ABC television series "The Home Show" from 1989 to 1994. He was the host of the Miss America Pageant from 1982 to 1990. His wife Mary Ann Mobley and he replaced Bob Barker as co-hosts of the Pillsbury Bake-Off on CBS from 1984 to 1988 before being replaced by Willard Scott in 1990.

Collins was nominated for an Emmy Award six times and won in 1983 for Outstanding Talk Show Host. In 1985, he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Collins was first married to Susan Peterson, with whom he had two children: Guy William and Melissa Collins. They divorced.

In 1967, Collins married Mary Ann Mobley, Miss America (1959). They had one child, a daughter, Mary Clancy Collins. They separated in 2011, but reconciled. He moved to her home state of Mississippi to be with her in 2012 while she battled breast cancer.

Collins died around 1:00 am on October 13, 2012, at Biloxi Regional Medical Center in Biloxi, Mississippi, of natural causes.

The final decade of Collins's life was marred by several run-ins with the law. In January 2008, Collins served four days in jail in Glendale, California, for his second DUI conviction. He was arrested a year later, on January 31, 2009, in Santa Barbara County, California, and pleaded no contest to driving a motor home while drunk. He was sentenced to 120 days "home detention" according to a Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office spokesperson. His blood alcohol content was measured at 0.29, more than three times the legal limit.

In November 2010, Collins was charged with a misdemeanor for leaving the scene of an accident in Jackson, Mississippi. He was fined $500. On January 5, 2011, Collins was charged with defrauding an innkeeper, a felony, in Harrison County, Mississippi, for allegedly failing to pay his bill at Jazzeppi's Restaurant, according to a statement released by the Biloxi Police Department. Collins said the restaurant was taking too long to deliver his dinner, so he left and refused to pay the bill. He paid a $500 fine two weeks later and did not appear in court.



</doc>
<doc id="3317052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3317052" title="Isaiah Washington">
Isaiah Washington

Isaiah Washington IV (born August 3, 1963) is an American actor. Washington has appeared in Spike Lee films "Crooklyn", "Clockers", "Girl 6" and "Get on the Bus". Washington is also known for his role as Dr. Preston Burke on the ABC medical drama television series "Grey's Anatomy" from 2005 until 2007, and again in 2014. From 2014 to 2018, Washington portrayed Thelonious Jaha on The CW's science fiction television series "The 100".

Washington was born in Houston, Texas where his parents were residents in the Houston Heights community. His parents moved to Missouri City, Texas around 1980, where he was one of the first graduates from Willowridge High School, Houston, in 1981. Washington appeared in films included, "Strictly Business", "Stonewall", "Dead Presidents", "Love Jones", "Out of Sight", "Bulworth", "True Crime", "Romeo Must Die", "Exit Wounds", "Hollywood Homicide", "Wild Things 2", "Hurricane Season", "Blue Caprice" and "Blackbird". Washington revealed in an interview with Star Jones that his father, after whom he was named, was murdered when he was 13 years old. Washington went on to serve in the United States Air Force and attended Howard University.

In 2005, Washington originated the role of gifted cardiothoracic surgeon Dr. Preston Burke on the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy". His portrayal earned him two NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series, as well as a Screen Actors Guild Award. He was paired onscreen with Sandra Oh, who plays intern Cristina Yang. Washington had originally auditioned for the role of Derek Shepherd, which ultimately went to Patrick Dempsey. Burke had originally been described as a nebbishy, stout forty-something man. For his portrayal of Burke, Isaiah was honored by "TV Guide" as one of "TV's Sexiest Men" in June 2006, and was named one of TV's sexiest doctors in June 2008 on "TV Guide"s television channel. Prior to the "TV Guide" honor, Isaiah was named as one of "People"s "50 Beautiful People" in May 2006. On March 6, 2014, ABC announced that Washington would be returning to the show in a guest appearance as Burke. He returned in season 10, which served as part of a farewell storyline for Sandra Oh's character, Cristina Yang. The characters had been previously engaged to be married.

In the show's third season, Washington became a central figure in a widely reported backstage controversy. In October 2006, rumors surfaced that Washington had insulted co-star T. R. Knight with a homophobic slur. Shortly after the details of the argument became public, Knight publicly disclosed that he was gay. The situation seemed somewhat resolved when Washington issued a statement, apologizing for his "unfortunate use of words during the recent incident on-set".

The controversy later resurfaced when the cast appeared at the Golden Globes in January 2007. While being interviewed on the red carpet prior to the awards, Washington joked, "I love gay. I wanted to be gay. Please let me be gay". After the show won Best Drama, Washington, in response to press queries as to any conflicts backstage, said, "No, I did not call T.R. a faggot". However, in an interview with Ellen DeGeneres on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," Knight said that "everybody heard him".

After being rebuked by his studio, Touchstone Television (now ABC Studios), Washington issued a statement apologizing at length for using the epithet in an argument with Patrick Dempsey. On January 30, 2007, a source told "People" magazine that Washington was scheduled to return to the "Grey's Anatomy" set as early as that Thursday for the first time since entering "executive counseling" after making the comments at the Golden Globes.

However, on June 7, 2007, ABC announced it had decided not to renew Washington's contract, and that he would be dropped from the show. "I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore," Washington said in a statement released by his publicist (borrowing the famous line from "Network"). In another report, Washington stated he was planning to "spend the summer pursuing charity work in Sierra Leone, work on an independent film and avoid worrying about the show". Washington, in late June 2007, began asserting that racism within the media was a factor in his firing from the series. On July 2, 2007, Washington appeared on "Larry King Live" on CNN, to present his side of the controversy. According to Washington, he never used the "F Word" in reference to Knight, but rather told Dempsey to stop treating him like a "F-word" during an argument "provoked" by Dempsey, who, he felt, was treating him like a "B-word", a "P-word", and the "F-word", which Washington said conveyed "somebody who is being weak and afraid to fight back". He also disputed the accusations made by Knight, who he claimed was misrepresenting himself out of disappointment over his character.

In July 2007, NBC decided to cast Washington as a guest star in a story arc in its new series "Bionic Woman". NBC co-chairman Ben Silverman noted his eagerness to work with Washington, saying it would be "like A-Rod leaving the Yankees in midseason". However, "Bionic Woman" was cancelled after only eight episodes due to low ratings. Washington himself said that his dismissal from "Grey's Anatomy" was an unfortunate misunderstanding that he was eager to move past. By the beginning of the next season of "Grey's Anatomy", Washington's character "Burke" had left the show following the end of the season finale.

In January 2014, in an interview with "I Am Entertainment" magazine, Washington spoke about life after "Grey's Anatomy" and he stated, "I don't worry about whether or not the stories I tell will destroy my acting career, because you can't take away something that doesn't exist. They killed the actor [in me] on June 7, 2007."

Washington played the role of Chancellor Jaha in "The 100", an American post-apocalyptic drama television series that began airing on The CW Television Network in spring 2014. The series is based on a book of the same name by Kass Morgan, and developed by Jason Rothenberg. Washington's character was killed in the second episode of the show's fifth season, "Red Queen".

Washington also starred in the film "Blue Caprice", which was inspired by the Beltway sniper attacks during which two men, John Muhammed (played by Washington) and Lee Malvo (Tequan Richmond), conducted a siege of terror on the Washington, D.C. area. The film was released in theaters on September 13, 2013.

Washington married Jenisa Marie Garland on February 14, 1996. The couple has three children. Washington has written a book called "A Man from Another Land", which chronicles Washington's early life, his TV and film career, and his search to find his roots after going through a DNA test that showed his ancestors came from Sierra Leone in West Africa. Since learning about his history, Washington has traveled to Sierra Leone, donated medical supplies to a hospital there, and built a school. He has also been vested with a chieftaincy title of the Mende people in appreciation for his work in the country, taking the regnal name of Gandobay Manga I.

Washington had endorsed Jill Stein for President of the United States, but has since become a member of the #walkaway movement and has endorsed the re-election of President Trump in 2020.

Washington is of African descent. A genealogical DNA test conducted by African Ancestry, Inc. revealed that Washington's maternal ancestry can be traced to what is now Sierra Leone, and that he has an ancestral link to the Mende and Temne peoples there. In May 2006 he visited Sierra Leone, and received a warm welcome. He travelled to Sierra Leone in May 2006 marking the beginning of his charity work and was granted Sierra Leonean citizenship, making him the first African American to be granted full citizenship based on DNA.

His paternal ancestry links him to the Mbundu people, an ethnic group in Angola.

Image Awards

Screen Actors Guild Awards


</doc>
<doc id="3317813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3317813" title="Steve Sandor">
Steve Sandor

Steve Sandor (born October 27, 1937 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, died April 5, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada) was an actor who made his first television appearance on "", playing Lars in the second season episode "The Gamesters of Triskelion".

Before becoming an actor, Sandor grew up in the Greenfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. Employed as a steel worker before his acting career, he also used to train sentry dogs while serving as an Air Police Officer in the U.S. Air Force.

Having appeared in many television shows such as "Gunsmoke", "Ironside", "The Streets of San Francisco", "Starsky and Hutch", "CHiPs", "Charlie's Angels", "Fantasy Island", "Three's Company", "The A-Team", "Knight Rider", and "Hardcastle and McCormick", he is perhaps best known for his role as the ill-fated biker gang leader Stanley in the 1980 cult film "The Ninth Configuration", and as the voice of the heroic Darkwolf in the 1983 animated fantasy film "Fire and Ice".

Sandor also had supporting roles in the 1967 western "Rough Night in Jericho", the 1968 crime drama "If He Hollers, Let Him Go!", the 1969 World War II classic "The Bridge at Remagen", the 1969 outlaw biker film "Hell's Angels '69", the 1971 western "One More Train to Rob", the 1973 crime drama "Bonnie's Kids", the 1973 Vietnam film "The No Mercy Man", a semi-regular role on the short-lived TV series "The Yellow Rose", and the title role in the 1983 science fiction film "Stryker". Sandor was also part of the extensive cast of the epic 1978 TV mini-series "Centennial". He was also cast in the 1988 IMAX film "" as the legendary Jim Bowie.


</doc>
<doc id="3319651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3319651" title="Ed Gardner">
Ed Gardner

Ed Gardner (June 29, 1901 – August 17, 1963) was an American comic actor, writer and director, best remembered as the creator and star of the radio's popular "Duffy's Tavern" comedy series.

Gardner was born Edward Poggenberg in Astoria, New York. His father was an ornamental plasterer who also played semiprofessional baseball. Gardner attended Public School 4 and William Cullen Bryant High School in Astoria. He dropped out of school when he was 14 in order to play the piano at a neighborhood saloon.

Before going into entertainment as a career, Gardner worked as a stenographer, a clerk for a railroad, and a salesman. He became interested in the theater when he worked with publicity for producer Crosby Gaige.

During World War I, Gardner served in the 7th Regiment from New York.

Gardner's initial venture into producing came when he and actor Eddie Blaine joined forces to produce the comedy "College" (or "Collitch") at the Cherry Lane Theatre in Greenwich Village. It was then that he changed his name, signing the contract with "Ed Gardner", rather than "Ed Poggenburg".

Gardner was a representative for the J. Walter Thompson advertising agency before going into show business. He began producing for the stage in the early 1930s. He produced the drama play "Coastwise" on Broadway (1931) and wrote and directed the Broadway comedy "After Such Pleasures" (1934).

In the early 1940s, Gardner worked as a director, writer, and producer for radio programs. In 1941, he created a character for "This Is New York", a program that he was producing. The character, which Gardner played, became Archie of "Duffy's Tavern".

He found fame on radio with "Duffy's Tavern", portraying the wisecracking, malaprop-prone barkeeper Archie. The successful radio program aired on CBS from 1941 to 1942, on the NBC Blue Network from 1942 to 1944, and on NBC from 1944 to 1951. Speaking in a nasal New York accent, and sounding like just about every working class New Yorker his creator had ever known, Gardner as Archie invariably began each week's show by answering the telephone and saying, "Duffy's Tavern, where the elite meet to eat, Archie the manager speaking, Duffy ain't here—oh, hello, Duffy."

Duffy the owner never appeared, but Archie did, with Gardner assuming the role himself after he could not find the right actor to play the role. Regulars in the tavern included Duffy's airheaded, man-crazy daughter, droll waiter Eddie, barfly Finnegan and Clancy the cop. The daughter was played by several actresses but began with Shirley Booth, Gardner's first wife, with whom he remained friends even after their 1942 divorce.

Gardner also brought radio directing experience to "Duffy's Tavern". He had previously originated the Rudy Vallee-John Barrymore radio show and directed shows for George Burns and Gracie Allen, Bing Crosby, "Ripley's Believe It or Not", Al Jolson and Fanny Brice. In addition, Gardner was one of the show's writers and its script editor in all but name, though he had a staff that included Abe Burrows, Sol Saks, Parke Levy, Larry Rhine and Dick Martin. He was notorious for hiring as a writer anyone who sounded funny to him in passing, but Gardner ultimately had the final say on each show's script. In 1949, hoping to be able to take advantage of Puerto Rico's income-tax-free status for future media ventures, Gardner moved his radio show there.

Gardner recreated his role as Archie for the motion picture version, "Duffy's Tavern" (1945), at Paramount. Besides Gardner, the movie featured dozens of Paramount Pictures stars. Gardner was the producer of the film noir crime/thriller "The Man with My Face" (1951) for his own company, Edward F. Gardner Productions. It was released by United Artists but was a box office disappointment. He also tried bringing "Duffy's Tavern" to television in 1954, but this, too, proved a failure. Radio historian Gerald Nachman ("Raised on Radio") quoted writer Larry Rhine as saying the film and television failures were in large part due to Gardner's inability to adapt to camera angling. "He thought he could do TV, so he left radio," Rhine told Nachman. "He was a bad actor, and he knew it."

Gardner and Booth were married for 13 years, divorcing in 1942. Gardner's second marriage, to Simone Hegemann in 1943, endured until his death and produced two sons, Edward, Jr. (b. 1944) and Stephen (b. 1948). By 1958, the tall, gangling comedian was semi-retired, living with his wife and sons in Beverly Hills and making only occasional guest appearances, such as a few turns on "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" in 1961 and 1962.

On August 17, 1963, Gardner died at age 62 of a liver ailment at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles. He was interred in Chapel of the Pines at Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Hollywood.

Some of Gardner's once-famous malaprops as Archie on "Duffy's Tavern" include:




</doc>
<doc id="3320358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3320358" title="Victor Moore">
Victor Moore

Victor Frederick Moore (February 24, 1876 – July 23, 1962) was an American actor of stage and screen, a major Broadway star from the late 1920s through the 1930s. He was also a comedian, writer, and director.

Victor Moore appeared in over 50 films and 21 Broadway shows. His first appearance was on Broadway in "Rosemary" (1896). He also appeared in George M. Cohan's "Forty-five Minutes from Broadway", which opened January 1, 1906, and its sequel, "The Talk of New York" (1907). He went on to star in shows such as "Oh, Kay!" (1926) as Shorty McGee, "Hold Everything!" (1928) as Nosey Bartlett, Gershwin's "Of Thee I Sing" (1931) as Vice-President Alexander Throttlebottom, "Let 'Em Eat Cake" (1933), Cole Porter's "Anything Goes" (1934) as Moonface Martin, and Irving Berlin's "Louisiana Purchase" (1940) as Oliver P. Loganberry.

Moore's talent was first recognised by screenwriter Beatrice deMille. He made his film debut in 1915. He starred in three films that year, two of which were directed by Cecil B. DeMille – "Chimmie Fadden" and "Chimmie Fadden Out West". He also appeared in "Swing Time" (1936) with Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, "Make Way for Tomorrow" (1937), "The Heat's On" with Mae West, "Duffy's Tavern" (1945), "Ziegfeld Follies" (1946), "It Happened on 5th Avenue" (1947), "On Our Merry Way" (1948), "A Kiss in the Dark" (1949), and "We're Not Married" (1952), working with Ginger Rogers for a second time. His last screen appearance was a role as a plumber in "The Seven Year Itch" (1955).

He worked in film twice with Bob Hope, first in "Louisiana Purchase" (1941) and again in "Star Spangled Rhythm" (1942).

Moore made a guest appearance as himself on "The Martin and Lewis radio show" on August 16, 1949, and was a regular (as himself) on "The Jimmy Durante Show".

In 1945 Moore appeared in the Daffy Duck cartoon "Ain't That Ducky". He was so pleased with his caricature he offered to add his voice free of charge on the condition that the animators draw him with a little more hair.

He was married twice – first to actress Emma Littlefield from 1902 until her death on June 25, 1934, and then to Shirley Paige in 1942, when Moore was 66 and Paige was 22. The marriage was not publicly announced for a year and a half. They remained married until Victor Moore's death 20 years later.

He had three children with his first wife: Victor, Jr. (1910), Ora (1919), and Robert (1921).

Moore died of a heart attack on July 23, 1962. He was 86 years old. He is interred at Cypress Hills Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York, United States.

The Victor Moore Bus Terminal and business arcade at the New York City Subway's Roosevelt Avenue / 74th Street station in Jackson Heights, Queens was named for him when it opened in 1941. In 2005, the arcade was replaced by an Intermodal Transportation Complex serving the same subway and bus lines.



</doc>
<doc id="3325359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3325359" title="Bill Walker (actor)">
Bill Walker (actor)

William Franklin Walker (July 1, 1896 – January 27, 1992) was an American television and film actor. Walker is best remembered for his role as Reverend Sykes in the 1962 film "To Kill a Mockingbird".

Born in Pendleton, Indiana, Walker began his acting career in 1946. In a career that spanned five decades, Walker appeared in numerous television shows and films including "Goodyear Television Playhouse", "Raintree County", "Yancy Derringer", "Official Detective", "The Amos 'n' Andy Show", "The Twilight Zone", "Rawhide", "Daniel Boone", "Good Times", "The Long, Hot Summer", "To Kill a Mockingbird", "Big Jake", "What's Happening!!", "Twilight's Last Gleaming", "The President's Plane is Missing", "Our Man Flint", "Billy Jack Goes to Washington", "Maurie", "A Piece of the Action", "The Girl Who Had Everything", and "The Choirboys".

He was in the 1961 film "The Mask", not to be confused with the "Twilight Zone" episode "The Masks" (1964), in which he also appeared (uncredited).

Walker was married to Canadian actress Peggy Cartwright, a member of the original silent "Our Gang" troupe.

Walker died of cancer on January 27, 1992. A World War I United States Army veteran, he is buried alongside his wife at Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3328188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3328188" title="George Dolenz">
George Dolenz

George Dolenz (born Jure Dolenc, or Giorgio Dolenz and George Dolentz, 5 January 19088 February 1963) was an American film actor born in Trieste (then part of Austria-Hungary, now in Italy), in the city's Slovene community.

Under the name Giorgio Dolenz, he emigrated to the United States via Cuba, arriving by steamship at the port of Key West, Florida, in October 1934; by 1937, the young actor-to-be was in Hollywood and earning his living as a waiter. After appearing in small parts in B movies, he graduated to supporting roles. Following the end of World War II, Dolenz became a leading man under contract to RKO Pictures under Howard Hughes. However, the failure of the feature film "Vendetta" in 1950 resulted in his return to character and supporting parts for other studios, including MGM's "The Last Time I Saw Paris" as the husband of Donna Reed's character.

Better luck came to him when he was cast as the star of the 1956 ITC Entertainment 39-episode television series, "The Count of Monte Cristo" as the title character, Edmond Dantes.

On April 21, 1958, Dolenz played Count Peter Von Gilsa in the episode "The Outlander" of the NBC Western television series "The Restless Gun".

In 1959, he portrayed Colonel Gutterez in "The Town Is a Prisoner" of the NBC Western series, "Cimarron City".

He was cast as Juan Amontillo in the 1961 episode "The Uncourageous" of the ABC Western series, "The Rebel", starring Nick Adams. That same year, he played Ramon Ortega
in "Brand of Honesty" on the NBC Western, "The Deputy", starring Henry Fonda and Allen Case.

Dolenz, who was of Slovene descent, married actress Janelle Johnson. They had four children: actor and singer Micky Dolenz (George Michael Dolenz) of the 1960s musical group, The Monkees, Gemma "Coco" Dolenz, Gina Dolenz, and Debbie Dolenz.

Dolenz died of a heart attack in 1963 at the age of 55. He is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3329902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3329902" title="Barry Atwater">
Barry Atwater

Garrett "Barry" Atwater (May 16, 1918 – May 24, 1978) was an American character actor who appeared frequently on television from the 1950s into the 1970s. He was sometimes credited as G.B. Atwater.

He appeared on "Gunsmoke" in 1959, Season 5, Episode 22; "The Twilight Zone" (1960), "Lawman" (1962), "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", "Perry Mason", (1959–1965); "", "Bewitched" (1966); "", "Mannix" (1968); "Hawaii Five-0" (1970); "Kung Fu" (1974); and "The Rockford Files" (1977).

The son of the landscape painter of the same name, Garrett Atwater was born in Denver, Colorado. He served as head of the UCLA Sound Department before he began his acting career. His work teaching audio techniques led to a role in the student film "A Time Out of War", a Civil War allegory that won the Oscar as best short film of 1954. 

Atwater began appearing in television series in the 1950s, often as a primary guest star or as a title character, on episodes of shows such as "The Millionaire", "Meet McGraw", "The Court of Last Resort", "" (as Abraham Lincoln), "Cheyenne" (as George Armstrong Custer), "The Rebel", "Empire", and "Riverboat".

By 1960 he had achieved enough stature to be named by host Rod Serling in the on-screen promo as one of the stars of the well-known CBS "Twilight Zone" episode "The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street". Atwater made six guest appearances on "Perry Mason" including as murderer Robert Benson in the 1959 episode "The Case of the Dangerous Dowager" and as murder victim Dr. Stuart Logan in the 1965 episode "The Case of the Cheating Chancellor". Atwater also performed regularly on stage throughout his career.

Atwater in the mid-1960s spent three years on the ABC soap opera "General Hospital" while he also made prime-time appearances, billing himself as G.B. Atwater from 1963–1965, a period in which he was cast in supporting parts. By the late 1960s and early 1970s, Atwater was again scoring primary guest-star roles, particularly on fantasy and science fiction series, including "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "The Wild Wild West", "The Outer Limits", ("Corpus Earthling"), "Night Gallery" and "Kung Fu", where his altered facial appearance suited his grim and sinister countenance due to its menacing and intense appearance.

Atwater’s role as vampire Janos Skorzeny (pictured, far right) in the acclaimed TV thriller "The Night Stalker" (1972) made him a popular guest at 1970s fan gatherings that capitalized on the resurgence of classic horror during that decade. 

Atwater was one of the few actors to play a character from Spock's planet on "", portraying Surak, father of Vulcan philosophy, in the episode "The Savage Curtain". Atwater could not achieve the Vulcan salute naturally, so when he bids farewell in a medium shot, he has to first lower his arm so his hand is out of camera view as he pushes his fingers against his body to configure them properly. 

His final television role was as a gun fence in one scene on "The Rockford Files" in 1977, with Atwater's character "Roach" interviewed by star James Garner in closeup while he fed pigeons from a park bench.

Early in his career, Atwater reportedly used steroids heavily to add bulk to his six-foot-one-inch frame. Suffering from terminal cancer, he died from a stroke on May 24, 1978 in Los Angeles, shortly after his 60th birthday.


</doc>
<doc id="3330033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3330033" title="Alan Ritchson">
Alan Ritchson

Alan Michael Ritchson (born November 28, 1984) is an American actor, model, and singer. He is known for his modeling career as well as his portrayals of the superhero Aquaman on The CW's "Smallville" and Thad Castle on Spike TV's "Blue Mountain State".

Ritchson also starred as Gloss in 2013's "", Raphael in 2014's "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" reboot, and its sequel, "", and Adam in 2016's "Lazer Team". Since 2018, he has portrayed Hank Hall / Hawk on the series "Titans".

Ritchson was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota, the son of Vickie (born June 21, 1958), high school teacher and David Ritchson (born June 5, 1956), a retired U.S. Air Force chief master sergeant. He is the second of three boys and is a father to three boys himself. During his childhood, his family moved to Rantoul, Illinois. At age 10, Ritchson's family settled in Niceville, Florida. He attended Niceville High School and graduated in 2002. In a 2013 interview with Indonesian magazine Da Man, he stated that he once obtained a full music scholarship. From 1999 to 2003, he attended as a dual-enrollment student and graduated with an Associate of Arts degree at Okaloosa Walton Community College, now Northwest Florida State College. He was a member of the Fine Arts division's Soundsations and Madrigal Singers.

He began his modeling career in the Abercrombie and Fitch catalogue; he also modeled underwear for the men's online underwear store internationaljock.com. In 2008, he was signed to Los Angeles agency Vision Model Management and appeared on N2N Bodywear. By early 2009, Ritchson made his final appearance in his modelling career for Abercrombie and Fitch.

Alan Ritchson first came to the attention of the public in 2004 when he appeared on "American Idol" as one of the top 87 contestants in the third season before being cut in Hollywood. His appearance on the show was noted for his striptease in one episode in which he wooed judge Paula Abdul.

His television acting credits include a recurring guest star role on the television series "Smallville" as Arthur Curry, a.k.a. Aquaman, a small role as an army officer in the 2006 Hallmark Channel movie "Though None Go with Me" alongside Cheryl Ladd, and the role of Lucian Manet in the 2009 Lifetime original film "Nora Roberts' Midnight Bayou". His role in Smallville marked the first time that an actor portrayed Aquaman in an officially licensed live-action production. His "Smallville" co-star, Justin Hartley, has since portrayed Aquaman in an unaired pilot of the same name. Ritchson reprised his role as Aquaman for a cameo appearance in the animated film: "", and the final season of "Smallville". In 2009, he appeared on a third-season episode of Starz's "Head Case" in which he played a male stripper. Ritchson also made an appearance on "", in which he played a dead victim in episode 19 of season 8. In 2011, he appeared in an episode of season 3 of "90210" as a love interest for main character Teddy Montgomery (Trevor Donovan). 

In 2010, he started playing the main role of Thad Castle, the captain of a college football team, in Spike TV's "Blue Mountain State". He stayed on the show until it was cancelled after its third season in February 2012. He also appeared in number of television shows, including Hawaii Five-0. In 2015, Ritchson became a regular on the NBC variety show "I Can Do That" (based on Israeli variety show) alongside Nicole Scherzinger, Ciara, Joe Jonas, Cheryl Burke and Jeff Dye, and hosted by Marlon Wayans. In 2016, he appeared in "Nosedive", an episode of the anthology series "Black Mirror". 

In 2017, he played the main character in the Syfy series "Blood Drive". In 2018, Ritchson played the recurring role of Hank Hall / Hawk in the DC Universe series "Titans". He was promoted to a series regular for the second season, which premiered in 2019.

Movie credits include a role in the 2006 film "The Butcher", as well as a minor role in 2009's "Fired Up!" In 2007, director Robert Zemeckis used Ritchson for his facial image, physique and movement for actor Ray Winstone of the title character of "Beowulf".

Ritchson portrayed Gloss, a tribute in the 75th Hunger Games, in "" (2013). Ritchson also portrayed Raphael in "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", a reboot to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film series after the four previous films. He returned to his role as Thad Castle in the Blue Mountain State movie, "". Ritchson co-starred in Rooster Teeth Production's first feature-length movie—the science fiction comedy "Lazer Team" in January 2016. He also played a medium role in The Wedding Ringer.

In 2018, Ritchson was announced as the director, co-writer, and producer of "Cicada 3301", a film based on the organization of the same name. The film will be the first original project of Phreaker Films, a film fund run by Ritchson.

Other projects include an independent album called "This Is Next Time", released in late 2005 and appearing in a Russian commercial for Orbit gum.
Alan also appears in a web series entitled, "Enormous Friends" with his Blue Mountain State co-star, Rob Ramsay.

Albums


</doc>
<doc id="3331001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3331001" title="David Wallace (American actor)">
David Wallace (American actor)

David Wallace (born November 23, 1958) is an American actor.

Wallace was born in Miami, Florida.

Wallace has been married to actress Lisa Trusel since 1986. They met on "Days of Our Lives." They have 4 children: Ryan Elizabeth, Benjamin, Emma and Joseph.

His first television role was in the 1980 television movie "The Babysitter" with Stephanie Zimbalist and William Shatner. Wallace starred on the soap operas "Days of Our Lives" as Todd Chandler from 1985–1986, and "General Hospital" as Dr. Tom Hardy from 1987-1993.

The first feature film he starred in was the 1979 comedy "Money to Burn"; he appeared in the 1982 horror movie "Humongous" as Eric Simmons and starred in the 1983 horror movie "Mortuary".

He has made guest appearances on television series such as "Vega$", "The Facts of Life", "Diff'rent Strokes", "The Powers of Matthew Star", "Hart to Hart", "Matt Houston", "Hotel", "JAG" and "The Young and the Restless".

He also works as an electrical engineer.



</doc>
<doc id="3331223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3331223" title="Beau Starr">
Beau Starr

Beau Starr (born September 1, 1944) is an American actor who has starred in movies and on television. He is known for his film role as Sheriff Ben Meeker in the 1988 hit horror movie ""; he reprised his role in the 1989 sequel "". Many also remember him as Lt. Harding Welsh in "Due South".

Starr was born in Queens, New York, to a retail employee mother and a meatpacker father. His brother is actor Mike Starr. Beau Starr's well-known television role was in the 1990s Canadian television series "Due South" as Lieutenant Harding Welsh of the Chicago Police Department. He also starred in the 1980s television series "Rituals", "Bizarre" and "True Blue". He has starred in several made-for-television movies, and appeared in a number of productions based in Canada, including "Due South", "" and "Doc" as well as some advertisements.

His first feature film role was in the 1982 comedy film "Hanky Panky" with Gene Wilder and Gilda Radner. He also appeared in Carl Reiner's 1987 comedy "Summer School", Martin Scorsese's hit 1990 crime drama "Goodfellas" as Henry Hill's father, and in the 2005 drama "Cinderella Man". Starr made many guest appearances on television series, including "T.J. Hooker", "The A-Team", "Knight Rider", "Hill Street Blues", "V: The Series", "Hunter", "The 4400", "A Nero Wolfe Mystery" and " NYPD Blue.


</doc>
<doc id="3331399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3331399" title="Larry Bagby">
Larry Bagby

Larry Bagby (born March 7, 1974) is an American actor and musician who is best known as Ernie 'Ice' in "Hocus Pocus", Larry Blaisdell in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", Pvt. Shirley "Hickey" Kendrick in "Saints and Soldiers", Marshall Grant in "Walk the Line", and Frank Ellis in "The Young and the Restless"

Bagby was born Lawrence Bagby III in Marysville, California. His father was a member of a dance band. From 1994 to 1996, Bagby served in the Argentina Córdoba Mission of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

Besides his appearances in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Saints and Soldiers", "Walk the Line", and "The Young and the Restless", Bagby has also had featured appearances on television shows including "", "Cold Case", "Malcolm in the Middle" and "JAG." As a child, he acted in "Airborne" and "Hocus Pocus". 

In 2005, Bagby released his first album entitled "Where I Stand", followed by his 2007 EP "On The Radio" which includes "Counting My Lucky Stars" featured on a TV episode of "Cold Case". Larry has performed and toured with WS Holland, Rodney Blake Powell, and Lisa Horngren of The Tennessee Three.



</doc>
<doc id="3333210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333210" title="Nokie Edwards">
Nokie Edwards

Nole Floyd "Nokie" Edwards (May 9, 1935 – March 12, 2018) was an American musician and member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was primarily a guitarist, best known for his work with The Ventures, and was known in Japan as the 'King of Guitars'. Edwards was also an actor, who appeared briefly on "Deadwood", an American Western drama television series.

Edwards was born in Lahoma, Oklahoma, the son of Elbert Edwards and Nannie Mae Quinton Edwards, an original enrollee of the Western Cherokee. Edwards came from a family of accomplished musicians, so that by age five he began playing a variety of string instruments, including the steel guitar, banjo, mandolin, violin, and bass. His family relocated from Oklahoma to Puyallup, Washington.

During Edwards' late teen years he joined the United States Army Reserve. After traveling to Texas and California for training, he returned home and began playing regularly for pay in numerous country bands in the area.

In January 1958, country songwriter and guitarist Buck Owens relocated from California to Tacoma, Washington, as owner of radio station KAYE. Prior to the formation of The Buckaroos with Don Rich, Edwards played guitar with Owens in the new band he formed in the area, and also played in the house band of television station KTNT, located in the same building as KAYE. In 1960 Edwards recorded a single, "Night Run" b/w "Scratch", on Blue Horizon Records with a band called The Marksmen.

The Ventures, an instrumental musical quartet, were founded in Tacoma, Washington, in 1958. Original members included Don Wilson on rhythm guitar, Bob Bogle on lead guitar (who later became the bass player), and drummer George Babbitt, who went on to become a 4-star general in the U.S. Air Force. When Babbitt left, Howie Johnson took his place, and was later replaced by Mel Taylor. Edwards met Wilson and Bogle when they performed on KTNT. Edwards originally played bass for The Ventures, but he took over the lead guitar position from Bogle. The Ventures released a series of best-selling albums throughout the 1960s, and Edwards left towards the end of this period in 1968. He returned full-time as the Ventures' lead guitarist in 1972, and stayed with the band until 1984. In subsequent years, he would occasionally reunite with the band, and starting in the early 2000s, he once again toured with The Ventures until 2012. During his last stint with the Ventures, Edwards primarily played during the annual winter Japan tour, along with several dates in the United States.

In 1971, Edwards began a solo career with the release of "Nokie!". While he released an album each year through 1974, his solo attempt was unsuccessful in America, and he suspended his solo efforts to concentrate on further recordings with the Ventures. Upon leaving the Ventures a second time in 1984, Edwards pursued a music career in Nashville, Tennessee. He played lead guitar for Lefty Frizzell, on what would become Frizzell's final recording sessions. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, he was involved with numerous country-influenced recording projects, and relaunched his solo career with the release of several albums starting in 1988.

Edwards performed occasionally in the United States as both a soloist and member of various bands, including AdVenture, Art Greenhaw, and Texas Western swing outfit The Light Crust Doughboys. The fruitful and critically acclaimed collaboration of Edwards and artist-producer Greenhaw, resulted in a number of albums in several music genres including Edwards' two nominations for "Grammy Award for Best Southern, Country or Bluegrass Gospel Album of the Year", album titles "20th Century Gospel" (2005) and "Southern Meets Soul" (2006). AllMusic noted about the "20th Century Gospel" album that the "former Ventures member Nokie Edwards guests on several tracks ("Ode to Joy," "The Great Speckled Bird") and his sound has never been twangier".

In July 2010, Deke Dickerson announced on his Facebook page that he was currently working on a new studio album with Nokie Edwards. Dickerson and his band backed Edwards for several shows, including Deke's yearly Guitar Geek Festival held in Anaheim, California.

In 2008, Edwards was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, along with The Ventures. The award was presented by John Fogerty. The band performed their biggest hits, "Walk Don't Run" and "Hawaii Five-0", augmented on the latter by Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame musical director Paul Shaffer and his band.

After accepting an offer to pursue an acting career, Edwards landed a role on "Deadwood", an American Western drama television series. Edwards played the mysterious friend of Wild Bill Hickok and a local citizen, who serves as a bridge between the villains and heroes of the show. During production, Edwards temporarily relocated to Santa Clarita, California and lived on the set's location with his wife Judy.

Edwards had a long association with Mosrite. In 1963, Edwards introduced the other members of the Ventures to Semie Moseley, which led to a five-year association between Mosrite and the band. During this time, Edwards and the band used and popularized the Ventures Model Mosrite guitars. Several notable features of the Ventures Model include hot single-pole pickups, a light-touch tremolo, zero fret, a sloped-back tilt headstock, and a German carve body.

In the mid 1980s, Edwards rekindled his relationship with Moseley, and Moseley designed the Mosrite Nokie Model, an update of the Ventures Model. A custom Anniversary version of the Nokie Model came with a metallic blue finish and white accents.

Edwards played Fender Telecasters and Jazzmasters during the 1950s and early 1960s, before switching to Mosrite guitars. For solo projects and with the Ventures, he also toured and recorded with Telecasters at various times during the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s.

In 1996, Fender released the "Nokie Edwards Custom Signature" model Telecaster, which was designed by Edwards. The limited edition guitar featured gold hardware,
an ebony fingerboard, sloped-back tilted headstock, a zero fret, sealed tuners, and Seymour Duncan humbucker pickups with split coils.

Edwards designed and recently sold his own custom guitar, the "HitchHiker", a hybrid of the best elements of the Fender Telecaster and Mosrite guitars. The HitchHiker features a sloped-back tilt headstock, a neck-through-body with swamp ash and quilted maple, zero fret, gold control plates, Seymour Duncan humbuckers with split coils, and an ebony fingerboard. Its bridge works on a slide scale invented by Edwards. The HitchHiker can simulate an acoustic guitar and provides 15 different sound selections. The body design is essentially the original Mosrite body, which Edwards preferred. The hybrid guitars are being crafted in New River, Arizona.

Edwards designed the "Nokie Edwards Dual Blade Humbucker Pickup". Manufactured and sold by Seymour Duncan, it produces tones similar to Nokie's Telecaster and HitchHiker guitar models.

Edwards died in Yuma, Arizona following complications from hip surgery, at the age of 82.




</doc>
<doc id="3333479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333479" title="Stephen Mailer">
Stephen Mailer

Stephen McLeod Mailer (born March 10, 1966) is an American stage and screen actor. His credits include appearances in films like "Cry-Baby", "Baby Mama", and "Another Woman" and the television shows "Gilmore Girls", "", and "A League of Their Own".

Mailer was born in New York City, New York, the son of novelist Norman Mailer and stage actress Beverly Bentley. He was married to fashion designer and film director Visnja Rodic Clayton then to producer Lindsay Marx. He was married to Elizabeth Rainer in 2010 and he has two children, Cal and Teddy.


</doc>
<doc id="3333887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3333887" title="Anthony Barrile">
Anthony Barrile

Anthony Barrile is an actor, musician, writer, and native New Yorker of Italian descent who has starred in many film and stage productions. He is well known to New York City audiences for his memorable performance as 'Cousin Kevin', the twisted lout in the original Broadway production of the Tony Award winning 'The Who's Tommy', and can be heard on its original cast recording. He also appeared in the acclaimed Off-Broadway production of "End of the World Party", among his other New York stage credits. 

He is well known to cinema audiences for his role as 'Vinnie' in the 1985 horror film "", and as 'Vincent 'Alphabet' Languilli', in the 1987 Vietnam War movie "Hamburger Hill", as well as his favorite film appearance - 'Warren' in Kiss Me, Guido.

Mr. Barrile has made numerous guest appearances on television, including turns on "Miami Vice", "Law & Order", and "Falcone".

He is currently continuing work on a screenplay about life, love and theatre, with co-screenwriter Geoffrey Nauffts. That work has been presented in several readings in both New York and Los Angeles, to wide acclaim. It is to be produced by Red Hour Films, in association with Ted Hope's This is That Productions (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, In the Bedroom, 21 Grams)

Appeared in Paula Abdul's music video of "Rush Rush".

He is originally from Brooklyn, New York. The nephew of Leo Barrile.

He is close friends with Ben Stiller.



</doc>
<doc id="3338613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338613" title="Ty Burrell">
Ty Burrell

Tyler Gerald Burrell (born August 22, 1967) is an American actor and comedian. He originally rose to prominence in several roles on Broadway including "Macbeth", and the off-Broadway plays "Corners", "The Blue Demon", "Burn This", and "Show People".

His first feature film role was in 2001's "Evolution". He also appeared in "Black Hawk Down", "Dawn of the Dead", "Muppets Most Wanted" and Marvel's "The Incredible Hulk" as Doc Samson. He has since voiced characters in a number of animated films "Mr. Peabody & Sherman", "Finding Dory" and "Storks". Burrell had recurring roles on the television series "Out of Practice" and "Back to You".

Burrell is best known for his role as Phil Dunphy in the ABC sitcom "Modern Family", for which he has won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series in 2011 and 2014 and five Screen Actors Guild Awards: one for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series in 2013 and four consecutive awards for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series shared with the cast from 2011 to 2014.

Burrell was born in Grants Pass, Oregon, the son of Sheri Rose (née Hauck), a teacher, and Gary Gerald Burrell (1940–1989), a family therapist. He is of mostly English and German descent. According to the television series "Finding Your Roots", Burrell is of African descent through his great great grandmother Susanna Weeks (the daughter of white slave-owner Colonel Dudley Byron Mask and 13 year-old slave girl Penelope "Nellie" Ellender Mask), who was a former slave from Tennessee and became a homesteader in Oregon. Her son George Washington Weeks would eventually pass for white. Burrell grew up in the small southern Oregon town of Applegate, near the California border.

He attended Hidden Valley High School in Grants Pass, where he played football and was a lineman for the Hidden Valley Mustangs. After graduating, he enrolled at Southern Oregon University in Ashland, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in theatre arts in 1993; he was the school's commencement speaker in 2008. While in college, he worked as a bartender at the Oregon Shakespeare Festival.

During this time, Burrell attended the University of Oregon and became a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. He continued his education at Penn State University, where he earned an MFA and was a member of the Theatre 100 Company along with Keegan-Michael Key. In 1999, Burrell worked as a festival actor at the Utah Shakespeare Festival. 

Burrell has also stated that for a period of time in graduate school, he lived out of his van to save money.

Burrell's first credited film roles were 2001's "Evolution" and "Black Hawk Down". He subsequently appeared in the 2004 remake of "Dawn of the Dead", and in several stage roles (like 2000's Broadway production of "Macbeth", and the off-Broadway plays "Corners", "The Blue Demon", "Burn This", and "Show People"). 

He was a co writer and actor in the original production of the offbeat comedy "The Red Herring O' Happiness" directed by Russell Dyball. Burrell's stage work also includes writing and working in the off Broadway play "Babble" with his brother, Duncan. He has also made an appearance as a New Jersey prosecutor in "".

After that, Burrell was cast as Oliver Barnes, a shallow but well meaning plastic surgeon, on the CBS sitcom "Out of Practice" (2005–06), also created by screenwriter Christopher Lloyd. The show was canceled in May 2006, with eight episodes remaining unaired in the United States. After the show's cancellation, he played Allan Arbus in the film "Fur: An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus".

In the Marvel film adaptation of the comic "The Incredible Hulk," Burrell played Leonard Samson (without superpowers), who had a short relationship with Betty Ross. 

In 2007, he had a small role in the film "" as the curator of the White House followed by a starring role in the sitcom "Back to You" on Fox later that same year. On the show, created by Steven Levitan and Christopher Lloyd, Burrell played a field reporter (alongside Kelsey Grammer and Patricia Heaton). The show was canceled in 2008.

His current role is as a realtor Phil Dunphy in the acclaimed ABC situation comedy "Modern Family" which is also created by Christopher Lloyd and Steve Levitan. For his performance, he has received eight consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series (2010–2017), winning the award twice in 2011 and 2014. 

He also received nominations for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series for his role, sharing the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series with his co stars. He was the recipient of the individual SAG award in 2014, defeating Alec Baldwin, who had previously won the award seven years in a row. 

Burrell also appears as Phil in commercials for National Association of Realtors.

In November 2014, Burrell inked an overall deal with 20th Century Fox Television to develop his own comedy projects. His web series "Boondoggle", loosely based on Burrell's own life, debuted in June 2016 on ABC.com and ABCd. He was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Actor in a Short Form Comedy or Drama Series in July 2017.

Burrell and his wife, Holly, married on August 18, 2000. They resided in New York City until moving to Salt Lake City in 2008. They still own a two bedroom apartment in the Astoria, Queens, neighborhood that they rent out. The couple have since relocated to Southern California for Burrell's work on "Modern Family". On March 18, 2010, it was announced that Burrell and his wife had adopted a baby, a daughter. Two years later, they adopted another daughter.

Burrell is a self described lifelong fan of the Oregon Ducks, Portland Trail Blazers, New York Mets and St. Louis Rams (which have since been relocated to California and renamed as the Los Angeles Rams).

Burrell also owns two bars in Utah, Bar X and Beer Bar located next to each other with interconnecting doors. 



</doc>
<doc id="3338747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3338747" title="Travis Willingham">
Travis Willingham

Travis Hampton Willingham (born August 3, 1981) is an American film, television and voice actor.

Willingham rose to fame in the voice acting world for his portrayal of Roy Mustang in "Fullmetal Alchemist" and reprised the role in "". His roles include Yu Kanda in "D.Gray-man", Cleo in "Glass Fleet", Ginko in "Mushishi", Portgas D. Ace in the Funimation re-dub of "One Piece" and Takashi Morinozuka in "Ouran High School Host Club". He also voices Thor in several Marvel projects and King Roland II in Disney Junior's "Sofia the First". Between 2010 and 2018, he was the voice of Knuckles the Echidna from the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. He is a cast member of "Critical Role", a web series in which voice actors play "Dungeons & Dragons".

Willingham married fellow voice actor Laura Bailey on September 25, 2011. They reside in Los Angeles. He also participates in triathlons. Their son, Ronin Willingham, was born on June 28, 2018.

Willingham also has a brother named Carson.

Willingham is also a long-time and vocal fan of the Dallas Cowboys.



</doc>
<doc id="3343705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3343705" title="David Leisure">
David Leisure

David Russell Leisure (born November 16, 1950) is an American actor. He played Charley Dietz in the sitcom "Empty Nest" from 1988 to 1995 and fictional automotive "pitch man" Joe Isuzu in a series of North American television commercials for Isuzu from 1986 to 1990, and again from 1999 to 2001.

Leisure was born in San Diego and attended San Diego State University.

Leisure moved to Los Angeles after graduating. His first acting job was a minor role in "Airplane!" (1980) as a Krishna. He had been roommates with the star, Robert Hays, in college but attributed his casting to his willingness to shave his head. After a period hardship in which he lived in his car, he found work as a commercial pitchman, including a series of commercials for Bell Atlantic. Della Femina Travisano & Partners cast him as Joe Isuzu because they believe he could "lie like a pro". The character made over-the-top claims and obvious lies about Isuzu cars in a series of commercials throughout the 1980s. The character's popularity led to a costarring role as Charley Dietz on the television series "Empty Nest". His Joe Isuzu character was brought back in 2001. Other roles include Roger Wilkes on the CBS daytime drama "The Young and the Restless" and, as of July 2010, a recurring role as Salem District Attorney Charles Woods on "Days of Our Lives".

Additional television credits include "Sabrina the Teenage Witch", "One on One", "V.I.P.", "", "The Parent 'Hood", "", "For Your Love", "Caroline in the City", "The Wayans Bros.", "Touched by an Angel", "", "Renegade", "The Golden Girls", "Married... with Children", "ALF", "227", "T. J. Hooker", "The Equalizer", "Falcon Crest", "Sledge Hammer!", "Nurses", and "The Brady Bunch Movie".




</doc>
<doc id="3345836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3345836" title="Lisle Wilson">
Lisle Wilson

Lisle Astor Wilson (September 2, 1943 – March 14, 2010), born Lisle Astor Wilson Jr., was an American actor known for playing Leonard Taylor on the ABC sitcom "That's My Mama" which ran from 1974 to 1975. His film roles included appearances in Brian De Palma's horror film "Sisters" (1972) and "The Incredible Melting Man" (1977). He was also widely recognized for his guest appearances on television shows such as "Lou Grant", "The White Shadow", and "Falcon Crest", to name a few. Lisle was the Director of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts West in Pasadena, California for several years. After ending his regular acting career in 1992, Lisle went on to teach Vocal Techniques, to up and coming Broadcasters at the Academy of Radio and Television Broadcasting in Huntington Beach, California. His parents were Lisle Wilson, Sr. and Cecile (Ross) Wilson.



</doc>
<doc id="3348028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3348028" title="Mark Famiglietti">
Mark Famiglietti

Mark Famiglietti (born September 26, 1979) is an American actor and screenwriter. He is also an occasional film producer and author.

Famiglietti was born in Providence, Rhode Island. He was raised in Clinton, Connecticut, where frequent family trips to the Goodspeed Opera House sparked his interest in performing. However, it was not until his teen years that he shifted to the other side of the footlights in Goodspeed's "An Evening with Max Showalter and Friends" and won the Goodspeed Guild Musical Theatre Award for his performance.

In high school, he was class president in his junior and senior years, captain of the baseball team, a member of the band and chorus and co-announcer of school football and basketball games. On winning a small part in his school's production of "Guys & Dolls" he added drama classes to his curriculum and began to exercise acting and singing muscles. Leading roles followed in local theater productions of "Bye, Bye Birdie" and "The Music Man" and school plays including "Kiss Me Kate" and "Once Upon a Mattress".

Mark attended New York University as a drama major, where he studied with the Atlantic Theatre Company. During his second semester, he put college on hold and headed for Hollywood after being cast as Nick Hammer, on the NBC series "Hang Time". He also guest-starred on The WB comedy "Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane", landed the role of Scout on the short-lived WB series "Young Americans" and co-starred as a friendly bartender in the February-slated TV movie "A Tale of Two Bunnies" starring Marilu Henner and Rhea Perlman.

In 2002 and 2003, he appeared in "We Were the Mulvaneys" and "Fullride" and he had a role in the blockbuster movie "" playing Claire Danes' fiancé, named "Scott Mason."

After being involved in "Terminator 3", Famiglietti finished his first screenplay ("Chasing Fate"). The movie is a romantic comedy where a wealthy young man kicks his fiancée to the curb, only to watch her ascend to fame and fortune while his life falls apart. Actors Jordana Brewster and Kip Pardue were set to star in the film, however, financing was never secured.

He also wrote another screenplay called "Succubus", an action-comedy movie about a guy who decides to set out and bring a succubus (a female demon who seduces men and steals their souls) down; after discovering that his nerdy best friend is dating her. The project was set up at MGM, with Mark Steven Johnson attached to direct. However, Sony bought MGM and the project was never made.

In 2005 he appeared in 9 episodes of ABC's "Eyes", but only the first 5 were aired because the show was cancelled. The show subsequently ran four years later in its entirety on Direct TV's 101 network from September to December 2009. Mark also played an assistant district attorney in CBS pilot "Conviction" which also starred Sally Field and Eriq LaSalle. The show was not picked up.

Mark Famiglietti appeared in "Nobel Son" and "Bottle Shock", both for director Randall Miller who also directed Mark in "The Tale of Two Bunnies" a decade earlier. Those indie films both feature Alan Rickman, Eliza Dushku, and Bill Pullman.

In 2008, he appeared on the "Without a Trace" episode "True/False". He also does his voice role in the upcoming film "".

In 2009, Famiglietti began a recurring role on the ABC series "FlashForward". The series was cancelled in May 2010 after he had filmed multiple episodes opposite Tony Award winner Brian O'Bryne.

In 2010, Famiglietti filmed opposite 50 Cent, Val Kilmer and James Remar for the indie movie "Gun (2010 film)" released in 2011.

In late 2010, Famiglietti filmed the "Untitled Josh Berman Pilot" playing Jamie-Lynn Sigler's fiancé. Other cast members include Lou Diamond Phillips and Sherry Stringfield.

In the summer of 2011, Famiglietti filmed "Live at the Foxes Den" opposite Jackson Rathbone, Jocelin Donahue, Carly Craig, Pooch Hall, Caity Lotz and Jack Holmes who co-wrote the screenplay with Michael Kristoff. Immediately following, Famiglietti began production on the movie "Stealing Roses" opposite John Heard, Cindy Williams, Bruce Davison and Josie Davis for director Megan C. Johnson from her original screenplay. In April 2012, "Stealing Roses" won "Best of the Fest" at the LA Comedy Fest.

In late summer of 2011, Famiglietti shot the movie "Acting Like Adults" playing the lead role of "Brett." In December 2011, Mark was reunited with his fellow Terminator star Kristanna Loken, shooting a cameo in the movie "Dark Power."

In the spring of 2012, Mark began shooting the movie "Home for Christmas" opposite Shantel VanSanten, Rob Mayes, Nikki DeLoach and Orson Bean in a family comedy directed by Michael Feifer which was later aired on television as "Golden Christmas 3" in 2012. Later that summer, Famiglietti began work on an independent romantic-comedy titled "The March Sisters at Christmas" (an update of "Little Women"), the cast includes Julie Berman, Justin Bruening and Kaitlin Doubleday. The movie was bought by Lifetime during the 2012 holiday season and set over the course of multiple years.

Mark appeared in episode 9 of the fifth season of "Mad Men" playing "Bernie Rosenberg."

In 2013, Famiglietti booked the lead role in the feature "Secrets of a Psychopath" opposite Kari Wuhrer for director Bert I. Gordon. Having written, directed and produced over 30 feature films, he was bestowed with a Saturn award in 2011 for his body of work. Later that summer, Mark was added to the cast of "Christmas Belle" alongside Haylie Duff and C. Thomas Howell.

In late 2013, Famiglietti was cast as one of the male leads opposite Cary Elwes, Ruth Bradley and Meg Chambers Steedle in the USA Network pilot "Horizon" produced by Gale Anne Hurd. In 2014, the network decided not to pick up the pilot to series.

Famiglietti has made regular, recurring and guest appearances totaling over 60 episodes in television shows such as "Mad Men", "How to Get Away with Murder", "Castle", "Grimm", "FlashForward", "Drop Dead Diva", "Eyes", "Fastlane", "", "", "", "Without a Trace", and "Bones", among others.


</doc>
<doc id="3354525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3354525" title="Joe Spinell">
Joe Spinell

Joe Spinell (born Joseph Spagnuolo; October 28, 1936 – January 13, 1989) was an American character actor who appeared in numerous films in the 1970s and 1980s, as well as various stage productions on and off Broadway.

His notable roles included performances in "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part II" (1974), "Rocky" (1976) and "Rocky II" (1979), "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Sorcerer" (1977), "Cruising" (1980), and many more. He was a recurring actor in early Sylvester Stallone films. Spinell's career consisted of bit to major supporting roles, many of them villainous, in major and small American films.

Spinell became a figure in the cult film genre. His three leading roles were in horror films. Actress Caroline Munro, with whom he shared the screen three times, was his co-lead in two films: the psychological slasher film "Maniac" (1980), which Spinell also wrote; and "The Last Horror Film" (1982), a horror comedy. The two had initially worked together in "Starcrash" (1978). Spinell's final lead role was "The Undertaker" (1988), a slasher film released posthumously.

Spinell was born Joseph Spagnuolo () in Manhattan, New York, the youngest of six children of Italian immigrant parents. His father, Pelegrino Spagnuolo (1892–1950), died from liver and kidney disease. His mother, Filomena Spagnuolo (1903–1987), was an actress who played bit parts in several movies, some of them alongside her son. Spinell was born at his family's apartment on Second Avenue in Kips Bay, Manhattan, an area then home to 10,000 Italian Americans. A few years after the death of his father, he moved with his mother and older siblings to Woodside, Queens, New York, where he lived off-and-on for the remainder of his life. He was known to heavily abuse drugs and alcohol intermittently throughout his career, especially during periods of unemployment. Spinell was born with hemophilia and suffered most of his life from chronic asthma.

Because of his large, heavyset frame and imposing looks, Spinell was often cast as criminals, thugs, or corrupt police officers. As a teenager and young adult, Spinell starred in various stage plays, both on and off Broadway.

In 1972, he landed his first film role in a small part as the mafioso hitman Willie Cicci working for the Corleone crime family in the crime film "The Godfather," directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It was the highest-grossing film of 1972 and was for a time the highest-grossing film ever made. It won the Oscars for Best Picture, Actor and Best Adapted Screenplay, as well as other nominations. Spinell was so liked by Coppola that he asked Spinell to sit in on much more of the film's shooting than was required, for which he was paid the daily actor rate even if not appearing in the day's scenes. 

In 1973, he appeared in a small but memorable role as a mafioso bagman in "Cops and Robbers", a crime comedy film directed by Aram Avakian starring Cliff Gorman, and Joseph Bologna.

That same year he appeared in another small role in "The Seven-Ups", a crime drama thriller film produced and directed by Philip D'Antoni and starring Roy Scheider. Spinell appears as a parking garage manager, named Toredano, whom the Seven-Up vice squad detectives interview during their criminal investigation.

In 1974, Spinell reprised his role as Willie Cicci in "The Godfather Part II", where Cicci is still working for the Corleone crime family, but having been promoted from "soldier" (aka: 'button man') to being the personal bodyguard to Frank Pentangeli (Michael V. Gazzo). The film was nominated for eleven Academy Awards, and became the first sequel to win for Best Picture. It was Paramount Pictures' highest-grossing film of 1974 and was the fifth-highest-grossing picture in North America that year.

In 1975, he had a supporting role in as a Native American half-breed cowboy in "Rancho Deluxe", a contemporary western film that was directed by Frank Perry and released in 1975, starring Jeff Bridges and Sam Waterston. Spinell appeared in one scene as the father to Waterston's character.

His second supporting role that year was in "Strike Force", a television film directed by Barry Shear and starring Richard Gere.

The following film he was in was "Farewell, My Lovely", an American neo noir film, directed by Dick Richards and starring Robert Mitchum as private detective Phillip Marlowe. Set in Hollywood in the year 1941, the picture is based on Raymond Chandler's novel by the same name. Spinell appears in a minor role playing Nick, one of three chief henchmen who also include Cowboy (Burton Gilliam) and Jonnie (Sylvester Stallone); all of whom work for brothel madam Frances Amthor (Kate Murtagh), for whom they hound and harass Marlowe during his mystery case investigation.

Finally he was in "92 in the Shade" written and directed by Thomas McGuane, based on his 1973 novel of the same name, where Spinell appeared in a minor role late in the film playing a Southern-accented tourist and coal miner, named Ollie Slatt, and which starred Peter Fonda, Warren Oates, Elizabeth Ashley, Harry Dean Stanton and Margot Kidder.

In 1976, he had a small role as a New York policeman in "Next Stop, Greenwich Village," a drama film, set in the early 1950s, written and directed by Paul Mazursky, featuring, among others, Lenny Baker, Shelley Winters, Ellen Greene, Lois Smith, and Christopher Walken.

Following this release, he had another small role in Martin Scorsese's Palme d'Or winner "Taxi Driver" starring Robert De Niro. The gritty film tells the story of a lonely veteran (De Niro) working as a taxi driver, who descends into insanity. Spinell appeared in only one scene at the beginning of the film as a personnel officer at a taxi depot who gives De Niro's character his job interview in a cold and moody setting.

His third role that year was in "Stay Hungry", a comedy-drama by director Bob Rafelson. The film stars Jeff Bridges, Sally Field, and Arnold Schwarzenegger. Set in Alabama, the story centers on Craig Blake (Bridges), who is a young Birmingham scion who gets involved in a shady real-estate deal by a slick local con artist named Jabo (Spinell). In order to close the deal, he needs to buy a gym building to complete a multi-parcel lot. When he visits the gym, however, Blake finds himself romantically interested in the receptionist (Field) and drawn to the carefree lifestyle of the Austrian body builder Joe Santo (Schwarzenegger) who is training there for the Mr. Universe competition.

Later, Spinell played a supporting role in John G. Avildsen's "Rocky." It was Sylvester Stallone's first lead in a studio picture which he also wrote. Other co-stars include Talia Shire, Burt Young, Burgess Meredith and Carl Weathers It tells the rags to riches American Dream story of Rocky Balboa (Stallone), an uneducated but kind-hearted working class Italian-American boxer working as a debt collector for Tony Gazzo (Spinell), a loan shark, in the slums of Philadelphia. In the meantime, the heavyweight champion of the world, Apollo Creed (Weathers) decides to give a local contender a chance to challenge him and settles for Rocky. As the drama unfolds, Gazzo eventually lets go of Rocky so that he can train for the fight. The film, made on a budget of just over $1 million, was a sleeper hit; it earned $225 million in global box office receipts, becoming the highest-grossing film of 1976, and went on to win three Oscars, including Best Picture. The film received many positive reviews and turned Stallone into a major star.

In 1977, he acted in "Sorcerer, a" thriller adaptation of "The Wages of Fear" directed by William Friedkin and starring Roy Scheider, Bruno Cremer, Francisco Rabal, and Amidou. Spinell has a small role as "Spider", an out-of-luck American expatriate working for an unscrupulous multi-national oil company somewhere in the Dominican Republic jungle and a friend of Scanlon (Scheider). Spider takes part in a truck-driving contest but fails.

His first role of 1978 was in "Nunzio", a drama film directed by Paul Williams. The film stars David Proval, with Morgana King, and Tovah Feldshuh. The story centers around Nunzio Sabatino (Proval) is a grown man with the demeanor of a young child. He lives at home with his doting mother (King) and has a job as a bicycle delivery man for Angelo (Spinell), the neighborhood grocer, which Angelo provides as a favor for Nunzio's brother.

His second role that year was in "Big Wednesday", a coming of age film directed by John Milius. The picture stars Jan-Michael Vincent, William Katt, and Gary Busey as three best friends and California surfers facing life and the Vietnam War against the backdrop of their love of surfing. Spinell appeared in a small role as a US Army psychologist who interviews Leroy "The Masochist" Smith (Busey) who pretends to be mentally insane to avoid being drafted.

Next he played a nightclub owner and wrestling MC known only by his stage name 'Burp' in Sylvester Stallone' directorial debut "Paradise Alley", which Stallone wrote and starred in. The sports film tells the story of the three Carboni brothers, Cosmo (Stallone), Lenny (Armand Assante), and Victor (Lee Canalito), living in Hell's Kitchen, New York City in the 1940s who become involved in professional wrestling.

His third role that year was in "The One Man Jury", a crime film starring Jack Palance.

His final role that year was a major part as the main antagonist in "Starcrash", an Italian-produced space opera film directed by Luigi Cozzi. The cast includes Caroline Munro, Marjoe Gortner, Christopher Plummer, and David Hasselhoff. The film is set in a distant galaxy, where a star ship searches for the evil Count Zarth Arn (Spinell). Closing in on a planet, the ship is attacked by a mysterious weapon. Three escape pods launch during the attack, but the ship crashes into the planet and is destroyed. Shortly after, smugglers Stella Star (Munro) and Akton (Gortner), find the sole survivor of the crash, from which their adventures against Count Zarth Arn start.

He started 1979 with a small role in "Last Embrace", a thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme. It stars Roy Scheider, Janet Margolin and Christopher Walken.

Spinell's next role was a small part in "Winter Kills" a black comedy film directed by William Richert, based on the novel by satirist Richard Condon. Its all-star cast includes Jeff Bridges, John Huston, Anthony Perkins, Eli Wallach, Richard Boone, Toshirō Mifune, Sterling Hayden, Dorothy Malone, Belinda Bauer, Ralph Meeker, Elizabeth Taylor, Berry Berenson and Susan Walden. Spinell appeared in the opening scene as a dying man with bandages covering his face who confesses to the assassination of a fictitious US President.

Spinell reprised his role as Gazzo in "Rocky II" this time directed by Sylvester Stallone. "Rocky II" finished in the top three highest-grossing films of 1979, in both the North American market and worldwide. The film grossed $6,390,537 during its opening weekend, $85,182,160 at the U.S. box office, and $200,182,160 overall.

His final release of the decade was in Curtis Hanson' "The Little Dragons", a martial arts family comedy film. It stars Charles Lane, Ann Sothern, Chris Petersen, Pat Petersen, Sally Boyden, and John Davis Chandler. The film is about two young brothers (Chris, and Pat Petersen) who use their karate skills to rescue a friend (Boyden) after she is held captive for ransom by the Forbinger family, the tough-talking backwoods mother (Sothern) and her two bumbling sons (Spinell and Chandler).

His first supporting role in films of the 1980s was "Cruising" a crime film and thriller written and directed by William Friedkin and starring Al Pacino, Paul Sorvino, and Karen Allen. The film is about a serial killer targeting gay men into S&M activities. Officer Steve Burns (Pacino), who resembles the victims' dark-haired, slim figure image, is sent deep undercover by Captain Edelson (Sorvino) in the urban world of leather bars. Edelson eventually meets Patrolman DiSimone (Spinell), a corrupt NYPD officer, who harasses and abuses gay men from these communities, despite his own willingness to engage in gay sex and to appear in the leather bars as a customer.

He followed up with a minor role in "The Ninth Configuration", a psychological drama film directed by William Peter Blatty. Spinell played Lt. Spinell, (a role which was not part of the original screenplay) one of several inmates of an isolated mental hospital for former members of the U.S. military, where the psychopath director of the institute, Colonel Vincent Kane (Stacey Keach), turns up on the heat on the patients treatment. While Spinell has very few lines (all of his dialogue was "ad libbed"), the best of the film’s comic dialogue is given to the other members of its strong ensemble cast which includes Scott Wilson, Jason Miller, Ed Flanders, Neville Brand and Moses Gunn. 

His next effort was a small role as a sailor-suited slob in "Forbidden Zone", a musical fantasy comedy film directed and produced by Richard Elfman. The cast includes Hervé Villechaize, Susan Tyrrell, Warhol Superstar Viva, and The Kipper Kids.

Although primarily known as a character actor, Spinell co-wrote, co-produced, and starred in his first lead role as a serial killer named Frank Zito in the 1980 film, "Maniac". The psychological slasher film directed by William Lustig and co-starring Caroline Munro. It is an intense psychological horror film centered around Frank Zito (Spinell), an unhinged serial killer residing in New York City who murders and scalps young women.

Afterward he returned to acting in supporting roles starting with the television film "Nightside", a 1980 television pilot starring Doug McClure.

Spinell's next film was "Brubaker" a prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg. It stars Robert Redford. The film features a large supporting cast including Yaphet Kotto, Jane Alexander, Murray Hamilton, David Keith, Tim McIntire, Matt Clark, M. Emmet Walsh, Everett McGill, and Morgan Freeman. Based on a true story set in Arkansas in the late 1960s, Redford stars as newly arrived prison warden Henry Brubaker, who attempts to clean up a corrupt and violent penal system. He first infiltrates the prison as an inmate and discovers rampant abuse and corruption, including open and endemic sexual assault, torture, worm-ridden diseased food, insurance fraud and a doctor charging inmates for medical care. Spinell appeared in a supporting role as Floyd Birdwell, one of the prison guard trustees alongside Kotto, McGill and others as the warden Brubaker's personal staff in which he and the others are reluctant to Brubaker's approach to running the prison.

After, he had an uncredited cameo as a go-go club owner in Jonathan Demme's "Melvin and Howard".

His final role of 1980 was Brian G. Hutton' "The First Deadly Sin", a crime mystery thriller film produced by and starring Frank Sinatra which Spinell appears in a minor role as a doorman/bouncer at a New York apartment building that Sinatra's character interviews while looking for a serial killer who resides in the building. The film also features Faye Dunaway, David Dukes, Brenda Vaccaro, James Whitmore, and Martin Gabel.

In 1981, Spinell had a supporting role in the Sylvester Stallone' vehicle "Nighthawks". The crime-thriller film also co-stars Rutger Hauer, Billy Dee Williams, Lindsay Wagner, Persis Khambatta and Nigel Davenport. The story is about Sgt. DaSilva (Stallone) and Sgt. Fox (Williams) who serve as high-risk warrant officers in the Bronx. After a terrorist named Wulfgar (Hauer) arrives in New York City, DaSilva and Fox's direct supervisor Lt. Munafo (Spinell) transfers them to an anti-terrorist squad.

In 1982, he started with a small role in "National Lampoon's Movie Madness" is an American comedy film produced by "National Lampoon".

His next film was "Night Shift," a comedy film, directed by Ron Howard and starring Henry Winkler and Michael Keaton. Spinell appeared in a small role late in the film playing a nightclub/brothel owner.

In his third film of 1982, he appeared in the lead role in David Winters' "The Last Horror Film", co-starring Caroline Munro. Filmed guerrilla-style without permits during the 1981 Cannes Film Festival, the movie is about Vinny Durand (Spinell) a New York City taxi driver who is obsessed with the international actress Jana Bates (Munro), known as the "queen of horror films". He goes to attend the Cannes Film Festival in France hoping to meet her and get her to star in his movie to kickstart his career as a film director. Upon his arrival strange things start happening around Jana Bates, until it leads to a mysterious string of murders. It went on to win numerous awards, including the Paris Film Festival Award, the Los Angeles Golden Scroll Award, and the Sitges Film Festival Award. It was one of several films where Spinell wrote in a small role for his mother Filomena.

Next, he had a small role in "Monsignor" directed by Frank Perry in the early scenes playing the father of a bride at a wedding reception. The cast includes Christopher Reeve, Geneviève Bujold, Fernando Rey, Jason Miller, Joseph Cortese, Adolfo Celi, and Leonardo Cimino.

His final film that year was "One Down, Two to Go" written, directed, and starring Fred Williamson. It also stars Jim Brown, Richard Roundtree and Jim Kelly.

His first role of 1983 was a small role playing the corrupt lawyer Eisenberg in "Vigilante." The vigilante film was directed by William Lustig and producer Andrew W. Garroni, both of whom Spinell had worked with on Maniac. It stars Robert Forster, Richard Bright, and Fred Williamson.

Spinell played a small part as a U.S. Border Customs Officer in Curtis Hanson's "Losin' It" a comedy film starring Tom Cruise, Shelley Long, Jackie Earle Haley, and John Stockwell.

Then came "Eureka", a drama film directed by Nicolas Roeg. It stars Gene Hackman, Theresa Russell, Rutger Hauer, Joe Pesci and Mickey Rourke. Spinell had a non-speaking small role as Pete, one of the hoods employed by Miami gangsters Aurelio D’Amato (Rourke) and Mayakofsky (Pesci) to murder erstwhile gold prospector Jack McCann (Hackman), who is refusing to sell his Caribbean Island to the mobsters so they can build a casino on it. 

Finally that year, he acted in "The Last Fight" directed by Fred Williamson playing a corrupt boxing promoter.

In 1985, he co-starred as the main villain Brusstar in the crime film "Walking the Edge", starring Robert Forster, Nancy Kwan and A Martinez. Set in Los Angeles, a criminal gang led by Brusstar enters a home with the intention of killing a former drug dealer. His wife Christine (Kwan), survives the hit that kills her husband and young son. She decides to take revenge on the gang and enlists a hapless taxi driver (Forster) to help her.

His first film role of 1986 was a small part appearing in one scene as a Mafia boss in "The Whoopee Boys", a comedy film starring Michael O'Keefe and Paul Rodriguez.

His second film that year was "Hollywood Harry", a comedy/mystery film set in Los Angeles starring and directed by Robert Forster where Spinell had a supporting role playing Max Caldwell, the business partner and friend to private detective Harry Petry (Forster) in helping him solve cases.

His third project that year was "", a horror short promotional film directed by Buddy Giovinazzo and co-written by Spinell and Joe Cirillo which was loosely based on a 1973 feature film titled "An Eye for an Eye" (aka: "The Psychopath"). The short film was produced by Joe Spinell in order to raise financing for a sequel to Spinell's 1980 horror film "Maniac". The short was included with the 30th anniversary edition release of "Maniac". The feature-length version of the film was never shot after Spinell's death in 1989.

His fourth picture of 1986 was "The Messenger", directed by and starring Fred Williamson.

In 1987, Spinell appeared in another small role as one of several Atlantic City mafioso thugs in "The Pick-up Artist", an American romantic comedy film written and directed by James Toback, starring Molly Ringwald and Robert Downey Jr..

His second film appearance in 1987 was a cameo in "Deadly Illusion", an action/crime thriller film. It stars Billy Dee Williams, Vanity and Morgan Fairchild.

In 1988, Spinell appeared in a small but significant role in the first of two David A. Prior directed films for AIP (Action International Pictures) Studios which was "Operation Warzone", an American Vietnam War film. He plays Brig. Gen. George Delevane, a corrupt military official who is involved in an arms-for-profit deal with a corrupt U.S. Army officer back in Vietnam. Meanwhile, three U.S. Army soldiers survive a Viet Cong ambush and rescue two undercover American agents, named Hawkins and Jensen, whom are seeking out Delevane.

His last lead role was in "The Undertaker", a slasher film. The film was completed in 1988, but was never released for the public and existed only in an incomplete form. "The Undertaker" was later re-edited for a DVD release by Code Red in 2010, and by Vinegar Syndrome on an expanded Blu-ray in 2016. The film is considered a cult classic, due in part to Joe Spinell's involvement and its long and troubled production.

Spinell's very last role was a supporting part in playing a U.S. government official, named Hansen, in the low-budget 1989 action-thriller "Rapid Fire", his second (and last) film in working with director David A. Prior for AIP, which was filmed in Mobile, Alabama a few weeks before his death.

Spinell was married to adult film star Jean Jennings (1957-2011) from February 1977 to July 1979. Together they had one daughter before they divorced.

Spinell was a distant cousin of Kansas City Chiefs defensive coordinator Steve Spagnuolo.

A close friend of Sylvester Stallone, Spinell was the godfather of his late son Sage Stallone. Spinell had a falling out with Sylvester Stallone during the filming of their final collaboration "Nighthawks" (1981).

Spinell died in his apartment located off of Greenpoint Avenue in Sunnyside, Queens, New York on January 13, 1989 at the age of 52. Sometime during that morning, he cut himself badly on his glass shower stall door after apparently slipping in his bathtub while showering. Soon afterward he fell asleep on his living room couch instead of calling for help, and his hemophilia caused him to bleed to death. His body was found by his friend Vincent Gabriele. Gabriele had phoned Spinell that evening after a woman who knew Vincent called and said Spinell did not sound well. Gabriele called, and Spinell asked him to stop over and bring some ice cream and other groceries. However, when he got there about 20 minutes after the call, Spinell did not answer the door. Gabriele then called the building superintendent who said he did not have a key, so Gabriele called 911. The ambulance workers entered the apartment through the fire escape, where they found Spinell dead sitting on a white sheet draped over the couch, having bled to death over part of the couch from an apparent deep cut on the back of his head.

Spinell was buried in Calvary Cemetery, Queens near his home.



</doc>
<doc id="3362702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3362702" title="James Stacy">
James Stacy

Maurice William Elias (December 23, 1936 September 9, 2016), known professionally as James Stacy, was an American film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for starring in the late 1960s TV western "Lancer".

In 1973, Stacy was hit by a drunk driver while driving his motorcycle, resulting in the amputation of his left leg and arm and the death of his girlfriend. He returned to acting in 1975 before retiring in 1992.

Stacy was born Maurice William Elias on December 23, 1936, in Los Angeles to an Irish-Scottish waitress and a Lebanese-American bookmaker.

Stacy made his film debut in "Sayonara" in 1957, and his television debut in "Highway Patrol". He had a recurring role as "Fred" in "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet" from 1958 to 1963. During the 1960s he made guest appearances in television shows, including multiple episodes of "Gunsmoke", "Hazel", "The Donna Reed Show", "Have Gun - Will Travel", "Combat!", and "Perry Mason" in the 1964 episode 'The Case of the Simple Simon' and the series finale "The Case of the Final Fade-out" in 1966.

Stacy is perhaps best remembered as a star of the western series "Lancer", along with Andrew Duggan, Wayne Maunder, and Paul Brinegar. "Lancer" aired on CBS from 1968 to 1970. Stacy played the character "Johnny Madrid Lancer", a former gunslinger, the son of Duggan's character, Murdoch Lancer. Stacy also acted in several motion pictures from the 1950s through the 1970s, including a minor part in the musical "South Pacific".

On September 27, 1973, Stacy was taking Claire Cox for a ride on his motorcycle in the Hollywood Hills when a drunken driver struck them. As results of the accident, she died and Stacy lost his left arm and leg. Stacy's ex-wife, actress and singer Connie Stevens, organized a 1974 celebrity gala to raise money for his expenses. The gala, whose attendees included Frank Sinatra and Barbra Streisand, raised $118,000 ($ million today) for his expenses. In 1976, he won a $1.9 million lawsuit ($ million today) against the bar that had served the drunk driver.

After his recovery, Stacy appeared in roles created to accommodate his disability. His comeback film was the 1975 Kirk Douglas Western "Posse", in which he was cast as newspaper editor "Harold Hellman", a part Douglas had written for him. In 1977, he starred in the TV movie "Just a Little Inconvenience", playing a double-amputee Vietnam veteran. The role earned him his first Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama or Comedy Special. In 1980, Stacy starred in and produced the TV movie, "My Kidnapper, My Love". His brother, Louie Elias, a character actor and stuntman, wrote the screenplay, based on the novel by Oscar Saul, to accommodate Stacy's disability. Elias was also the associate producer. He also played Ed, the Bartender in the film "Something Wicked This Way Comes".

Other television appearances included "Hotel", "Cagney & Lacey" (for which he was nominated for a second Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Performer in a Drama Series), and "Highway to Heaven". His last TV role was in five 1990 episodes of the cop series "Wiseguy", playing "Ed Rogosheske".

Stacy was married twice. He married actress and singer Connie Stevens on October 12, 1963, in Hollywood. They were divorced in November 1966. Stacy's second marriage was to actress Kim Darby in 1968. They had a daughter, Heather, before divorcing in 1969.

In November 1995, Stacy pleaded no contest to a charge of molesting an 11-year-old girl. On December 7, 1995, he failed to appear for sentencing in Ventura County Superior Court and was arrested the next day in a Honolulu, Hawaii, hospital after having fled California. He attempted suicide by jumping off a cliff. After recovering, Stacy waived extradition and returned to California. On March 5, 1996, he received a six-year prison sentence. The prosecutor in the case initially said she believed Stacy might have been eligible for probation for the molestation, but his post-arrest behavior, coupled with two arrests in June 1995 for prowling at the homes of other girls, led her to seek a prison sentence. He served his sentence at the California Institution for Men at Chino.

On September 9, 2016, Stacy died of anaphylactic shock in Ventura, California, after being administered an antibiotic injection at the office of Dr. Cedric Emery.
He was 79 years old.

Stacy is portrayed by Timothy Olyphant in the 2019 Quentin Tarantino film "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood".



</doc>
<doc id="3364543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3364543" title="Greg Morris">
Greg Morris

Francis Gregory Alan Morris (September 27, 1933 – August 27, 1996) was an American actor. He was best known for portraying Barney Collier on "" and Lt. David Nelson on "Vega$".

Born in Cleveland, Ohio, to the jazz trumpeter Francis Williams, Morris served in the United States Army during the Korean War.
While in college at Iowa on the G.I. Bill, Morris was active in college theater and hosted the late afternoon Jazz radio show, "Tea-Time", on the University of Iowa station, WSUI. He co-produced concerts at the university with a student friend.
Morris began his television acting career in the 1960s, making guest appearances on numerous TV shows such as "The Twilight Zone", "Branded" and "Ben Casey". In 1966, Morris was cast in his most recognizable role as the team electronics expert Barney Collier in the TV series "". Morris, Peter Lupus, and Bob Johnson were the only actors to remain with Mission Impossible throughout its entire run.
After Iowa, Greg's first professional stage role was in "The Death of Bessie Smith". One of his earliest television roles was a cameo appearance on "The Dick Van Dyke Show" in the episode "That's My Boy?", where Rob becomes convinced that they have taken home the wrong baby from the hospital. The revelation of Morris' character as the other child's father prompted a record setting bout of laughter from the studio audience. In the 1963–1964 season, he appeared on ABC's drama about college life, "Channing", starring Jason Evers and Henry Jones.

After "Mission: Impossible" was cancelled, Morris appeared in several movies and made guest TV appearances (1974 – "The Six Million Dollar Man" – Episode 1-05 "Little Orphan Airplane") before he was cast in 1978 as Lt. David Nelson of the Las Vegas Metro Police, during the 1978-79 season of the ABC TV detective series "Vega$", co starring with Robert Urich as Las Vegas detective Dan Tanna and Phyllis Davis as Bea. After the cancellation of Vega$ in June 1981, Morris recovered from a serious car accident on I-15 near Las Vegas. After his recovery, Morris continued to make guest TV appearances in the next decade, including several episodes in the short-lived 1988–1990 remake of the "Mission: Impossible" TV series, which starred his son Phil Morris. Phil Morris was cast as Grant Collier, the son of Barney. Morris also appeared in two episodes of the TV series "What's Happening!!" as Lawrence Nelson (father of Dwayne) and in three episodes of "The Jeffersons", in which he reprised his role of an electronics expert (although not as Barney Collier) in a comparison sequel of the "Mission: Impossible" series. Morris was also a frequent guest star on "Password" and "Password Plus" in the 1960s and 1970s.

Shortly before his death in 1996, he went to see the film version of "" that starred Tom Cruise. The reports were that he disliked the movie so much (an opinion that was shared by some of his former co-stars) that he left the theater early. 
According to the Associated Press, he said of the movie: "It's an abomination."

Morris died on August 27, 1996 of lung cancer and a brain tumor in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was 62 years old. 



</doc>
<doc id="3365806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3365806" title="Steve Cardenas">
Steve Cardenas

Stephen Antonio Cardenas (born May 29, 1974) is an American martial artist, musician, and semi retired actor. Cardenas is best known for playing the character Rocky DeSantos, which was the second Red Power Ranger in "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and eventually became the Blue Zeo Ranger in "Power Rangers Zeo", two seasons later.

Cardenas was born Stephen Antonio Cardenas on May 29, 1974 in Hampton, Virginia, at the Langley Air Force Base. Spending his early childhood as a military brat, Cardenas was raised in San Antonio, Texas. He is of Mexican descent. He started training in martial arts when he was about 12 years old and reached black belt in Taekwondo at age 16. Steve Cardenas has been in martial arts for 28 years. He earned 5th degree black belt in Taekwondo and a black belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.

At age 20, Cardenas left his native Texas and settled in Los Angeles to audition for a "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" role that would change his life. His character, Rocky DeSantos, replaced Jason Lee Scott (played by Austin St. John) as the Red Ranger in the "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" TV series (eventually the Gold Ranger in "Zeo"), and he later became the Blue Ranger for "Power Rangers Zeo". He had no previous acting experience and had to learn on the job. Cardenas left the "Power Rangers" series and retired from acting during "Power Rangers Turbo", due to contract disagreements, and possibly to focus on his martial artist career. Many years later, starting at the 2007 Power Morphicon convention, he began making convention appearances with other former cast members.

After "Power Rangers", he owns a martial arts studio in Burbank, California and one in his hometown of San Antonio. In 2009, he started a kids-specific program at Hollywood Brazilian jiu-jitsu studio in West Hollywood, and in 2011 he opened the Force/Balance Brazilian jiu-jitsu & Yoga school. Cardenas had become interested in Brazilian jiu-jitsu after losing a friendly match against "a blue belt in BJJ... [he] choked me out in 10 seconds! He was only training for a year and a half at that time and I had been training for 10 yrs. It was an immediate eye opener." The style was more difficult for him to learn than other martial arts disciplines.

He holds multiple awards from martial arts contests, including two Silver Medals at Copa Pacifica (2009 and 2011), Gold Medal winner of the 2009 American National Championship, Gold Medal in the 2010 Jujitsu Pro Gear Open, and Silver Medal in the 2010 No-Gi World Championships.

In 2017, he starred in the short movie "The Order" alongside : Austin St. John, Catherine Sutherland, David Yost, Johnny Yong Bosch, Paul Schrier, Karan Ashley, Walter Emanuel Jones, Erin Cahill, Blake Foster, Nakia Burrise, Hilary Shepard Turner, Dan Southworth, Alyson Sullivan, Deborah Estelle Phillips and Azim Rizk.

For the first time since "Power Rangers Turbo", Cardenas returned to the Power Rangers Franchise in "Power Rangers Super Ninja Steel" for the 25th anniversary Episode reprising his role as Rocky DeSantos.





</doc>
<doc id="3366612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3366612" title="Kevin Kilner">
Kevin Kilner

Kevin Kilner (born May 3, 1958) is an American television and film actor.

Kilner was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Dorothea, a kindergarten teacher, and Edward Kilner, who worked in advertising sales and insurance. He went to Dulaney High School in Baltimore County. He made his first television appearance on an episode of "The Cosby Show" in 1989. He is perhaps best known for playing the protagonist in the first season of "", and Officer Dean in The Stoned Age. In 1995-96, Kilner starred in "Almost Perfect" as the romantic interest of Nancy Travis, who played a screenwriter, but Kilner was written out of the show in the second-season premiere. In 2009, he appeared on a few episodes of the Joss Whedon show "Dollhouse".

Kilner is an alumnus of Dulaney High School and the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore. While attending Johns Hopkins he was a member of the National Champion lacrosse team.

From June 30 to July 16, 2006, he appeared on stage in the Alley Theatre production of "Wait Until Dark".



</doc>
<doc id="3370958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3370958" title="Vito Scotti">
Vito Scotti

Vito Giusto Scotti (January 26, 1918 – June 5, 1996) was an American character actor who played many roles on Broadway, in films, and later on television, primarily from the late 1930s to the mid 1990s. He was known as a man of a thousand faces for his ability to assume so many divergent roles in 231 screen appearances, in a career spanning 50 years. He was known for his resourceful portrayals of various ethnic types. Born of Italian heritage, he was seen playing everything from a Mexican bandit, to a Russian doctor, to a Japanese sailor, to an Indian travel agent.

Vito Giusto Scozzari was born in 1918 in San Francisco, California. His family spent the early 1920s in Naples, Italy, where Scotti developed his gift for farce, modeled after the Commedia dell'arte, a symbolic style of Italian theatre.

In 1925, after the Scozzari family had returned to the United States, his mother became a diva in New York City theatre circles. Scotti worked the night club circuit as a stand-up magician and mime. He made his debut on Broadway in "Pinocchio", where he played a small role.

Scotti entered movies and television by the late 1940s. He made his film debut, playing an uncredited role as a Mexican youth in "Illegal Entry" (1949), with Howard Duff and George Brent.

By 1953, Scotti replaced J. Carrol Naish as Luigi Basco, an Italian immigrant who ran a Chicago antique store, on the television version of the radio show "Life with Luigi". Five years later, he portrayed another ethnic character, Rama from India (among other characters) in the live-action segment "Gunga Ram" on the Andy Devine children's show, "Andy's Gang",
where he also played a foil to the trickster Froggy the Gremlin. He was cast as French Duclos in the 1959 episode "Deadly Tintype" of the NBC Western series, "The Californians".

In 1963, Scotti was cast as the Italian farmer Vincenzo Perugia in the episode "The Tenth Mona Lisa" of the CBS anthology series, "General Electric True", hosted by Jack Webb. In the episode, Perugia in 1911 steals the "Mona Lisa" from the Louvre museum in Paris but is apprehended by a French detective when he attempts to unload the painting on an art dealer.

He also appeared in television series, such as "How to Marry a Millionaire" (as Jules in the 1958 episode "Loco and the Gambler"), in four episodes of "The Rifleman", "Rescue 8" (1959), "State Trooper" (1959), "Sugarfoot" (1959), "The Texan" (1959), "Johnny Staccato" (1960), "The Twilight Zone" (Mr. Bevis), (1960), "" (1962), "Lassie", "Stoney Burke" (1963), "The Wide Country" (1963), "Dr. Kildare" (1963), "Going My Way" (1963), "Breaking Point" (1963), "The Dick Van Dyke Show" (1963), and "The Addams Family" (1964–1965).

Scotti appeared in two episodes of "Bonanza", in "Gunsmoke" (1965–1970), "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." (1965 and 1967), "The Wild Wild West", "Ironside", several episodes of "Columbo", "The Monkees", "The Flying Nun", "Get Smart", "Hogan's Heroes", as one of The Penguin's henchmen in two episodes of "Batman", two episodes of "The Bionic Woman" (1976), and two episodes of "The Golden Girls" (1988-1989). He played Geppetto in "Geppetto's Workshop" in the 1980s.

He appeared three times on Gilligan's Island in the 1960s, as a Japanese sailor who did not know World War II was over in season one (1964–65), and as Dr. Boris Balinkoff, a mad scientist, in season two and season three.

Scotti was cast as a Mexican bandit in two one-hour episodes of "Zorro" entitled "El Bandido" and "Adios El Cuchillo" alongside Gilbert Roland, and an Italian restaurant owner in episode 35 of season one of "Bewitched".

The actor appeared in hundreds of film and television roles, including the train engineer in "Von Ryan's Express", Nazorine in "The Godfather" (1972), as Vittorio in "Chu Chu and the Philly Flash" (1981), and most notably as the scene-stealing cook in "How Sweet It Is!" (1968). In the pivotal scene, Scotti grabs a flustered Debbie Reynolds and plants a kiss on her midriff.

He portrayed Colonel Enrico Ferrucci in "The Secret War of Harry Frigg" (1968) and later appeared in the Academy Award-winning comedy "Cactus Flower" (1969), as Señor Arturo Sánchez, who unsuccessfully tries to seduce Ingrid Bergman's character.

He voiced the Italian Cat in the Walt Disney animated film "The Aristocats" (1970), and appeared with Lindsay Wagner on her television special, "Another Side of Me" (1977). His last screen performance was as the manager at Vesuvio's in the criminal comedy "Get Shorty" (1995).

Scotti died of lung cancer at the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital in Woodland Hills, California on June 5, 1996. He was interred at Hollywood Forever Cemetery, with his first wife Irene, in the Abbey of the Psalms Mausoleum.

In addition to his accomplishments as an actor, Scotti was highly regarded as a chef. He loved cooking, especially the recipes of his beloved mother and grandmother. Two generations of Hollywood's top names always left his dinner parties raving about the food and wine.

He was married for many years to Irene A. Scozzari until her death at age 54, on April 15, 1979. Vito then married Beverly and they were married until his death. He was a dedicated fundraiser for the 'Carmen Fund', set up by the Joaquin Miller High School Parents Guild, to assist the school's special-needs students in obtaining medical treatment. The fund was named after the Scottis' daughter, one of the first patients to undergo pioneering spinal implant surgery.



</doc>
<doc id="3380514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3380514" title="Scott Wilkinson">
Scott Wilkinson

Scott Wilkinson is an actor, who has played in such films as "A Crime Of Passion" and "A Secret Life" and "Harry's War" and played the role of Thomas Jefferson in the movie "A More Perfect Union" and "Wish Upon a Star" and on the television series "Charmed".


</doc>
<doc id="3380669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3380669" title="Ian Gomez">
Ian Gomez

Ian Gomez (born December 27, 1964) is an American actor known for his comedic TV work, which include series-regular stints as Javier on "Felicity" and Andy on "Cougar Town".

He was born in New York City, New York, to an artist father and a dancer mother.

On "The Drew Carey Show" from 1994–2005, Gomez played Larry Almada, a co-worker of Drew Carey's character (also named Drew Carey) at Winfred-Louder. He also worked with Carey in 1999 on the show "Whose Line is it Anyway?" From 1998–2002, he played Javier Clemente Quintata on the WB show "Felicity".

In 2002, Gomez starred in Alanis Morissette's "Hands Clean" music video. In the same year, he appeared with Jeff Greene, Ted Danson, Michael York, and Hugh Mellon in two episodes of the HBO series "Curb Your Enthusiasm", where he played the "bald chef", hired by Larry to cook in the restaurant he owned.

Gomez appeared in ABC's "Jake in Progress" (2005–2006), which starred John Stamos. 2006 saw Gomez appear in the fourth episode of "Lost"'s 2006 third season, "Every Man for Himself", and as a therapist in the April 2006 episode "Here We Go Again" of "Reba".

Gomez took the part of Andy Torres in the ABC and later TBS comedy "Cougar Town" alongside fellow "The Drew Carey Show" castmate Christa Miller, from 2009–2015. In 2016, Gomez and his then-wife, Nia Vardalos, co-presented "The Great American Baking Show", a revival of "The Great Holiday Baking Show".

In 2019, he appeared in the Clint Eastwood film "Richard Jewell".

He was married to actress-writer Nia Vardalos of "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" fame. He appeared in her films "My Big Fat Greek Wedding", "Connie and Carla", "My Life in Ruins", "I Hate Valentine's Day", and "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2". Gomez is of Puerto Rican and Russian Jewish descent, and converted to Greek Orthodoxy upon marrying Vardalos, which is mirrored as a plot element in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding". In 2008, the two adopted a daughter. It was announced on July 3, 2018 that Vardalos filed for divorce from Gomez after 23 years of marriage due to irreconcilable differences. The divorce was finalized in December 2018.


</doc>
<doc id="3382479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3382479" title="Grant Goodeve">
Grant Goodeve

Grant Goodeve (born July 6, 1952) is an American actor and television host. He is best known for playing the role of David Bradford, the oldest son, on "Eight Is Enough", from 1977 to 1981. He sang the theme song for the show as well. More recent work includes Home & Garden Television and voice roles, such as the Engineer in the multiplayer video game "Team Fortress 2" and as Wolf O'Donnell in "".

Goodeve was born in Middlebury, Connecticut. He moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1975. His earliest role was on a fifth-season episode of "Emergency!" After a February 1977 screen test, he signed up as a cast member of "Eight Is Enough", taking over a role played in the series' pilot episode by Mark Hamill.

When "Eight Is Enough" ended in 1981, Goodeve appeared in guest roles in series such as "The Love Boat", "T. J. Hooker", "Dynasty" and "Fantasy Island", among others. In 1983, Grant did television pilot "The Night Watchman". In the summer of 1984, Goodeve hosted "Solid Gold Hits". In 1985-86, he played Michael James "Woody" Woodward on the soap opera "One Life to Live". He also co-starred in the television movie "Pigs vs. Freaks" (a.k.a. "Off Sides (Pigs vs. Freaks)") (1984). He also did several weeks as a celebrity guest on the Pyramid game shows in the late 1970s and 1980s.

He reprised his "Eight Is Enough" role in two reunion movies during the late 1980s and also appeared on several episodes of "Murder, She Wrote". As the 1990s came to a close, he also made an appearance on The WB's hit series "7th Heaven" as Captain Jack Smith. In 2000, Goodeve appeared as the host of Word Pictures production "Proving the Bible Through Archeology".

Goodeve moved to the Pacific Northwest in 1989 with his wife and three children. Soon after moving there, he began appearing in the recurring role of Rick Pedersen, an ill-fated bush pilot, on "Northern Exposure". He also began contributing to KING-TV's "Evening Magazine" and starting hosting that station's travel show "Northwest Backroads" in 1998. As of 2014, Grant has hosted this show for 16 years.

From 2000 to 2004, he hosted ""If Walls Could Talk"" and "Homes of Our Heritage" on Home & Garden Television He has worked as a voice actor for several video games, including the role of Wolf O'Donnell in "", the Engineer in "Team Fortress 2", and various voices for "F.E.A.R.". He also lent his singing voice to Bob Rivers' "Twisted Christmas" series of holiday CDs.

He is active in his Presbyterian church in Seattle, engaging part-time in an itinerant music ministry in the region.

In 2006, Goodeve appeared as George Bailey in Seattle's Taproot Theatre Company's production of "It's A Wonderful Life: A Live Radio Play". He returned to the Taproot stage in 2008's production of "The Christmas Foundling" as Old Jake.

Goodeve also appears in the Amtrak Cascades safety video.




</doc>
<doc id="3383119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3383119" title="George O. Gore II">
George O. Gore II

George O. Gore II (born December 15, 1982) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Michael Kyle, Jr. ("Big Head Junior") on the ABC sitcom "My Wife and Kids", Gore's television credits include guest roles on "Law & Order" and "Touched by an Angel". He was also a main character in the cast of the comedy "Second Generation Wayans". 

For his role as G, the young son of Malik Yoba's character, in "New York Undercover", he received three NAACP Image Award nominations.


</doc>
<doc id="3385487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3385487" title="Skip Homeier">
Skip Homeier

George Vincent Homeier (October 5, 1930 – June 25, 2017), known professionally as Skip Homeier, was an American actor who started his career at the age of eleven and became a child star.

Homeier was born in Chicago, Illinois on October 5, 1930. He began to act for radio shows at the age of six as Skippy Homeier. At the age of 11, he worked on the radio show "Portia Faces Life" as well as making "dramatic commercial announcements" on "The O'Neills" and "Against the Storm". In 1942, he joined the casts of "Wheatena Playhouse" and "We, the Abbotts". From 1943 until 1944, he played the role of Emil in the Broadway play and film "Tomorrow, the World!". Cast as a child indoctrinated into Nazism who is brought to the United States from Germany following the death of his parents, Homeier was praised for his performance. He played the troubled youngster in the film adaptation of "Tomorrow, the World!" (1944) and received good reviews playing opposite Fredric March and Betty Field as his American uncle and aunt.

Homeier changed his first name from Skippy to Skip when he turned eighteen. He attended the University of California, Los Angeles.

Although Homeier worked frequently throughout his childhood and adolescence, playing wayward youths with no chance of redemption, he did not become a major star; but he did make a transition from child actor to adult, especially in a range of roles as delinquent youths, common in Hollywood films of the 1950s.

He also developed a talent for playing strong character roles in war films, such as "Halls of Montezuma" (1950), Sam Fuller's "Fixed Bayonets" (1951) and "Beachhead" (1954).
In 1954, he guest-starred in an episode of the NBC legal drama "Justice", based on cases of the Legal Aid Society of New York. He was cast later in an episode of Steve McQueen's "", a CBS western series. Homeier played a man sought for a crime of which he is innocent, but who has no faith in the legal system's ability to provide justice. Fleeing from McQueen's bounty hunter character Josh Randall, Homeier's character's foot slips and he accidentally falls to his death from a cliff. 

He appeared in a 1955 episode of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", with co-star Joanne Woodward entitled "Momentum".
Homeier appeared as Kading in an episode of the NBC western "Jefferson Drum" ("The Post", 1958), starring Jeff Richards. In 1959, he appeared as a drover named Lucky in Rawhide, "Incident of the Blue Fire." In 1960, Skip appeared on an episode of "The Rifleman": The Spoiler as Brud Evans. Then, from 1960 to 1961, he starred in the title role in "Dan Raven", a crime drama also on NBC set on Sunset Strip of West Hollywood, California, with a number of celebrities playing themselves in guest roles. The series only lasted for thirteen episodes. In the summer of 1961, he appeared in an episode of "The Asphalt Jungle", and later that same year he performed as a replacement drover and temporary "ramrod" in an episode of "Rawhide" ("Incident of the Long Shakedown"). Homeier also made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason", both times as the defendant. In 1961, he played Dr. Edley in "The Case of the Pathetic Patient", and in 1965 he played the police sergeant Dave Wolfe in "The Case of the Silent Six". In 1964, he guest-starred in "The Addams Family" episode "Halloween With The Addams Family" with Don Rickles. Also in 1964, he portrayed the Dr. Clinton role in The Outer Limits episode "Expanding Human". In a very busy year, he also appeared in “The Impostor” episode of Combat! (1964, S3 E10)

Homeier was cast as Doc Holliday in the 1964 episode, "The Quiet and the Fury", on the syndicated anthology series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. The episode focuses on Holliday as a card player. Grace Lee Whitney played Kate in the episode. In a 1965 "Death Valley Days" episode, "Fighting Sky Pilot", hosted by Ronald Reagan, Homeier played a pastor, Ben Darniell, in Carson City, Nevada. In the story line, the minister Darniell attempts to rescue a saloon girl, Claire Vernon (Carol Brewster), from her oppressive employer.

Homeier was cast in the feature film "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken" (1966) with Don Knotts; and he continued to be frequently cast on television as a guest star, often as a villain, including in all four of Irwin Allen's science-fiction series in the mid-to-late 1960s. He guest-starred as well on "" in two episodes: as the Nazi-like character Melakon in "" (1968), and as Dr. Sevrin in "The Way to Eden" (1969). One of his last roles was a one-liner in the television film "The Wild Wild West Revisited" (1979) as a senior Secret Service official. He retired from acting aged 50.

Homeier died on June 25, 2017 at the age of 86 from spinal myelopathy at his home in Indian Wells, California. He is survived by his wife, Della, and Homeier's sons Peter and Michael from his first marriage (1951-1962) to Nancy Van Noorden Field.



</doc>
<doc id="3395785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3395785" title="Henry Silva">
Henry Silva

Henry Silva (born September 15, 1928) is a retired American film and television actor. A prolific character actor, Silva has been a regular staple of international genre cinema often as a criminal or gangster. Notable film appearances include "Ocean's 11" (1960), "The Manchurian Candidate" (1962), "Johnny Cool" (1963), "Sharky's Machine" (1981), and "" (1999).

Silva was born in Brooklyn, New York, of Sicilian and Spanish descent. He grew up in Harlem and quit school when he was 13 years old to attend drama classes, supporting himself as a dishwasher and waiter at a Manhattan hotel. 

By 1955, Silva felt ready to audition for the Actors Studio. He was accepted, one of only five successful applicants out of more than 2,500. When the Studio staged Michael V. Gazzo's play "A Hatful of Rain" as a classroom project (which itself grew out of an earlier improvisation by Silva, Paul Richards and Anthony Franciosa, based on a scene written by Gazzo, entitled "Pot"), it proved so successful that it was presented on Broadway, with students Ben Gazzara, Shelley Winters, Harry Guardino, along with Franciosa, Richards and Silva, in key roles. Silva also appeared in the play's film version.

In Hollywood, he played a succession of villains in films including "The Tall T" (1957) with Randolph Scott, "The Bravados" (1958) with Gregory Peck and "The Law and Jake Wade" (1958). In the 1959 adventure film "Green Mansions", he played a forest-dwelling Venezuela native known as Kua-Ko who tries to murder a young woman played by Audrey Hepburn.

Silva was one of the eleven casino robbers in the 1960 Rat Pack caper film "Ocean's 11", starring Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr. and Peter Lawford. He also played the communist agent Chunjin in the original "The Manchurian Candidate" (1962), again opposite Sinatra, and portrayed a Native American in Sinatra's and Martin's Rat Pack Western "Sergeants 3" that same year.

Silva gradually became typecast playing mobsters, robbers and other criminals, although he did play a comic role as one of the stepbrothers in the 1960 Jerry Lewis film "Cinderfella", a parody of Cinderella with Lewis in the title role. He appeared in two episodes of "The Outer Limits" television series. Other TV appearances included as a hitman in the episode "Better Bargain" on "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", plus roles on episodes of "The Untouchables", Rod Serling's "Night Gallery", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" and "", as well as Boris Karloff's suspense series "Thriller".

In 1963, Henry Silva played the lead role in the gangster film "Johnny Cool", which was produced by United Artists and Chrislaw. His character Salvatore "Johnny Cool" Giordano was a hitman sent on a mission by exiled mobster Johnny Colini to kill the underworld figures who had plotted against the mobster. Premiering on October 19, 1963, the film was successful at the box-office and was critically well received. So was the actor's first lead performance, which carried the film. The strong supporting cast features Elizabeth Montgomery, Mort Sahl, Telly Savalas, Jim Backus, Joey Bishop, and Sammy Davis, Jr., most of whose characters were murdered by Silva's during the course of the film. Variety praised Silva's performance, writing "Henry Silva, as a Sicilian-born assassin, is at home as the 'delivery boy of death'". The film's box-office receipts dropped by late November (partly due to the death of President John F. Kennedy).

In 1965, an Italian film producer made Silva an offer to star as a hero for a change and he moved his family overseas. Silva's turning-point picture was a spaghetti western, "The Hills Run Red" (1966), which made him a hot box-office commodity in Spain, Italy, Germany, and France. Between 1966 and 1977 he starred or co-starred in at least 25 movies, the majority of which were Italian Poliziotteschi films, where he normally played the villain or hitman, or the dark hero, or a combination of the two. His best remembered of these are "Manhunt" (1972), "Il Boss" (1973), and "Almost Human" (1974).

He also appeared against type as the Japanese detective Mr. Moto in the 1965 murder mystery "The Return of Mr. Moto", and as an Apache who helps rape victim Michele Carey in the 1970 revenge western "Five Savage Men".

Returning to the United States in the mid-1970s, he co-starred with Frank Sinatra in "Contract on Cherry Street" (1977) and Charles Bronson in "Love and Bullets" (1979). He then signed on as the evil adversary Killer Kane in "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" (1979).

In the 1980s and 1990s, he appeared as the arrogant hunter Colonel Brock in "Alligator" (1980), a drug-addicted hitman in Burt Reynolds' "Sharky's Machine" (1981), a former prison warden-turned-enforcer in "Escape from the Bronx" (1983), which was lampooned on "Mystery Science Theater 3000", a comedy gangster in "Cannonball Run II" (1984) opposite many of his former Rat Pack buddies, the villainous CIA agent Kurt Zagon in Steven Seagal's debut "Above the Law" (1988), the sinister mob hitman Influence in "Dick Tracy" (1990), and the voice of the ruthless supervillain Bane in "" (1994) and "The New Batman Adventures" (1998). Silva also plays the crime boss Ray Vargo in Jim Jarmusch's "" (1999) who puts out a hit on the titular character.

Silva also starred as himself in a spoof of "In Search of ..."-type shows in the comedy "Amazon Women on the Moon" (1987) for a segment titled Henry Silva's "Bullshit, or Not!", and played a spectator at a boxing match in the 2001 version of "Ocean's Eleven".



</doc>
<doc id="3402901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3402901" title="Larry Pine">
Larry Pine

Larry Pine (born March 3, 1945) is an American actor.

A veteran of the Broadway stage, he began his career playing the role of Fop in the 1968 production of "Cyrano de Bergerac". He has since starred in film and television, with roles on series including "As the World Turns", "One Life to Live", "All My Children", "Hostages", and "House of Cards", and roles in films including "Alone in the Dark", "Plain Clothes", "Vanya on 42nd Street", "Dead Man Walking", "Before and After", "The Royal Tenenbaums", "Maid in Manhattan", "Melinda and Melinda", "Killing Kasztner", "Moonrise Kingdom", "", and "The Grand Budapest Hotel".

Pine began his professional acting career Off-Broadway, then in 1968 appeared as Fop in "Cyrano de Bergerac" at the Vivian Beaumont Theater. A founding member of the avant-garde theater company the Manhattan Project, he appeared in its 1968 production of "Alice in Wonderland", directed by Andre Gregory.

In 1978, he made his film debut in James Ivory's "Hullabaloo Over Georgie and Bonnie's Pictures", which was made for television but later released theatrically. Since then, he has performed in Louis Malle's "Vanya on 42nd Street" and Woody Allen's "Celebrity", "Small Time Crooks", and "Melinda and Melinda", among other films. Pine appears in the book "Are You Dave Gorman?" as the first actor the writer encounters to have played a fictional Dave Gorman (in "The Ice Storm"). In both "The Royal Tenenbaums" and "The Door in the Floor", he appears as a Charlie Rose-type interviewer, conducting a one-on-one interview in a dark studio. From 1997 to 1999, Pine portrayed Barry Shire #1 on "All My Children".

Pine was born in Tucson, Arizona. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of North Texas, and went on to graduate from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts in 1968 with a Master of Fine Arts degree. Since 1969, he has been married to composer and sound designer Margaret Pine (née Rachlin). The couple have one son, Jacob Pine (born 1972).




</doc>
<doc id="3413334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3413334" title="Mark Feuerstein">
Mark Feuerstein

Mark Feuerstein (; born June 8, 1971) is an American actor. He first came to public notice in a guest appearance in an episode of Season 2 of "Sex and the City" and went on to appear in TV series "The West Wing" (2001–2005), "Royal Pains" (2009–2016) and "Prison Break" (2017). He co-wrote, co-produced as well as starred in the short-lived CBS sitcom "9JKL".

Feuerstein was born in New York City, the son of Audrey, a school teacher, and Harvey Feuerstein, a lawyer. He was raised in a Jewish family and celebrated his Bar Mitzvah in an Orthodox synagogue. He was a wrestler in high school and won the state championship. Feuerstein attended The Dalton School, and graduated from Princeton University in 1993. He won a Fulbright scholarship and studied at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and at L'École Phillipe Gaulier in France.

Feuerstein got his breakthrough on television as a recurring character on the daytime soap opera "Loving". When director Nancy Meyers was casting "What Women Want", her daughter recognized Feuerstein from "Practical Magic" (1998), and insisted that her mother cast him. 

He came to public attention in a guest appearance in an episode of Season 2 of Sex and the City entitled "They Shoot Single People, Don't They?", playing an ophthalmologist named Josh who has sex with Miranda (played by Cynthia Nixon) but fails to give her an orgasm, despite repeated attempts and Miranda's coaching tips. The episode concludes with Miranda realising that Josh will never satisfy her sexually and decides to fake her orgasm one last time. Josh punches the air with pride and yells "I'm the man!", while Miranda privately resolves to avoid him in the future. Feuerstein has publicly expressed regret for taking the role and has referred to it as his most-hated performance. 

Feuerstein had a recurring role in Season 3 of The West Wing as a lawyer, and returned in the same role in Season 6. Feuerstein reunited with "Practical Magic" co-star, Sandra Bullock as her love interest in the film "Two Weeks Notice" (2002), but his scenes were deleted from the film. He was named one of "People" magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People" in 2003. In January 2009, Feuerstein began appearing in the web series "The Hustler" on Crackle.

Feuerstein starred in the lead role on the USA Network television show "Royal Pains", from 2009 to 2016. He appeared as the super guest host of the June 14, 2010 edition of WWE "Raw" to promote the "Royal Pains" episode "Keeping the Faith".

In spring 2017, Feuerstein appeared as rogue CIA operative Jacob Ness in the Fox reboot of its original hit series "Prison Break".

Feuerstein co-created, with his wife, Dana Klein, and stars in the CBS sitcom "9JKL," which debuted in October 2017. Upon release, it received negative reviews from critics, with a 13% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. On May 12, 2018, the series was canceled after one season.

He married television writer Dana Klein in 2005. They live in Los Angeles and have three children: Lila, Frisco, and Addie.


</doc>
<doc id="3414979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3414979" title="Johnny Kastl">
Johnny Kastl

Johnny Kastl is an American actor, best known for his role as Dr. Doug Murphy on the medical comedy "Scrubs". He has since made cameo appearances in several Hollywood productions and played other parts on television including the role of Todd Jaracki on "The Beast" with Patrick Swayze.

Born in Oklahoma and raised in Texas, he attended Washington University in St. Louis, where he double-majored in Biology and Drama. He acted in many plays and was a co-founder and active member of a student sketch comedy group called "The Kaktabulz."

Kastl has made appearances in the blockbuster films "Hulk" and "War of the Worlds".

Kastl had a recurring role on "Scrubs" for 8 years from 2001 to 2009 as Dr. Doug Murphy, the totally incompetent doctor who finally finds his calling as a very competent forensic pathologist. However, he asked to be allowed to "sit out" the fourth season of "Scrubs" as he had broken both his heels in a ski jumping accident. This was written into the show to keep the character around and, as described on the DVD commentary by creator Bill Lawrence, "We felt that breaking both of his feet was a very "Doug" thing to do, so we decided to write it into the show."

He had a recurring role on Patrick Swayze's "The Beast" as FBI agent Todd Jaracki, friend of Ellis Dove (Travis Fimmel) for the 1 year it was on television.

Prior to moving to Los Angeles, Johnny was employed as a Manager at Microsoft in Chicago, Illinois.

He is an avid golfer and won The Golf Channel's "Big-Break All Star Challenge" "Scrubs" competition, beating out Robert Maschio ("The Todd") in the final match.

While attending law school at the University of Iowa, he worked as a law clerk at the U.S. Attorney's Office. He now practices law in Chicago, Illinois.



</doc>
<doc id="3415027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415027" title="Robert Maschio">
Robert Maschio

Robert Maschio (born August 25, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for playing Dr. Todd 'The Todd' Quinlan in the American comedy-drama "Scrubs".

He graduated from Columbia University with a bachelor's degree in 1988.

Maschio made guest appearances on various TV shows such as "Bram & Alice", and he eventually landed the role of a hypersexual surgeon in Bill Lawrence's sitcom "Scrubs", playing the recurring character of "Dr. Todd 'The Todd' Quinlan". Maschio also guest-starred in another Lawrence production, "Spin City", in 1996, and played a jury member in "Veronica Mars" in 2005. Another role included the rapist Louis Browning on the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns" in 2006. In 2011, he appeared as Goldman in French comedy film "Hollywoo" with comedienne Florence Foresti.



</doc>
<doc id="3415050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415050" title="Michael Boatman">
Michael Boatman

Michael Patrick Boatman (born October 25, 1964) is an American actor and writer. He is known for his roles as New York City mayoral aide Carter Heywood in the ABC sitcom "Spin City", as U.S. Army Specialist Samuel Beckett in the ABC drama series "China Beach", as 101st Airborne soldier Motown in the Vietnam War movie "Hamburger Hill", and as sports agent Stanley Babson in the HBO sitcom "Arli$$".

Boatman was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado, the son of Gwendolyn Boatman Pugh, a job supervisor for the handicapped, and Daniel Boatman, an army officer. He was raised in Chicago. Boatman is a graduate of Western Illinois University and received its "Alumni Achievement Award" in 1997.

Boatman studied acting at Western Illinois University, where he played a variety of roles including Oberon in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", and Purlie in "Purlie Victorious". He was a member of the student sketch comedy troupe Shock Treatment, which performed at local bars and nightclubs. During his senior year Boatman won the prestigious Irene Ryan theater award for best supporting actor during the finals competition at the Kennedy Center.

In 1986, Boatman moved to Chicago, where he studied acting with Jane Brody, a popular acting teacher and casting director. Later that same year, he auditioned for and won the role of "Motown" in the critically acclaimed Vietnam action drama, "Hamburger Hill". That same year he appeared in "Running on Empty" with River Phoenix, and "The Trial of Bernard Goetz" for the PBS American Playhouse series. In 1988, he auditioned for the pilot episode of the Vietnam era television drama, "China Beach". He went on to play Samuel Beckett, the mortician in the China Beach mortuary, for the next three seasons. He later co-starred on "The Jackie Thomas Show" with Tom Arnold, and the short-lived WB series "Muscle". In 1996, he landed a role on the ABC sitcom, "Spin City", playing "Carter", the irascible, openly gay minority affairs liaison. For his work on "Spin City" he was nominated for five NAACP Image Awards for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy. He also won the GLAAD (Gay and Lesbian Association Against Defamation) award for Best Actor.

At the same time he was on "Spin City", Boatman played the role of "Stanley Babson", the anal-retentive chief financial officer on the HBO original series "Arliss" and starred on both series simultaneously until they were canceled in 2002. For his work on "Arliss" Boatman was nominated for four Image Awards, also for Best Supporting Actor. He played the lead role in the critically acclaimed Charles Burnett drama, "The Glass Shield". Later, he appeared in the feature films "The Peacemaker", with George Clooney and Nicole Kidman, and "Woman Thou Art Loosed", and in several made-for-TV movies. Michael Boatman also narrated in the WPA slave narratives in the HBO film "Unchained Memories", in 2003.

In 2007, Boatman co-starred in the feature films, "The Killing of Wendy" (2008), "American Summer" and "My Father's Will". He has had many notable guest appearances, including five episodes of "", "Less Than Perfect", "Yes, Dear", "Scrubs", "", "Hannah Montana" and "Grey's Anatomy". Boatman guest starred in the mystery/drama "Warehouse 13", in July 2009.

In 2009, he joined the cast of the Lifetime comedy series "Sherri", starring Sherri Shepherd. The series is based on Shepherd's life experiences as a divorced single mom, actress and stand up comedian. Boatman plays 'Doctor Randy Gregg', Sherri's son's pediatrician and Sherri's love interest.

More recently he has appeared as attorney Julius Cain in "The Good Wife". In 2011, Boatman guest-starred as Russell Thorpe on "Gossip Girl", along with Tika Sumpter, who played his daughter Raina. In 2012, Boatman became a recurring character in the "FX" original series "Anger Management", reuniting with his former "Spin City" co-star Charlie Sheen as Sheen's next door neighbor Michael. Beginning in late September 2013, he began co-starring in Nick at Nite's new series "Instant Mom", alongside Tia Mowry-Hardrict. In 2016 Boatman recurred on the CBS All Access drama "The Good Fight", reprising the role of attorney Julius Cain, the character he played on "The Good Wife". He was promoted to series regular in the second season.

Boatman is also a screenwriter and novelist. He sometimes writes in the splatterpunk horror genre. Splatterpunk is a divisive genre which offends as much as it entertains. Joe Lansdale praised his first collection with ""Michael Boatman writes like a visitor from hell. Someone out on short term leave for bad behavior. I love this stuff. He's one of the new, and more than promising, writers making his mark, and a dark and wonderful mark it is."

Many multi-author anthologies feature at least one of his short stories. They include "Sick Things: An Anthology of Extreme Creature Horror", "Until Someone Loses an Eye", "Sages and Swords", "Badass Horror" and "Christmas in Hell". He has been published in "Weird Tales", "Horror Garage" and "Red Scream". He introduced Cyber-Pulp Halloween 3.0 which was published by Cyber-pulp Books. His "Born Again" from "" received an Honorable Mention from Ellen Datlow in "". His first collection of short stories, "God Laughs When You Die", was published by Dybbuk Press on October 23, 2007. His humorous horror novel, "The Revenant Road", was published by Drollerie Press in 2009.



</doc>
<doc id="3415107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3415107" title="Sam Lloyd">
Sam Lloyd

Samuel R. Lloyd IV (born November 12, 1963) is an American character actor, a capella singer, and musician, best known for his portrayal of lawyer Ted Buckland on the American comedy-drama "Scrubs" and sitcom "Cougar Town".

Lloyd attended Syracuse University. He is the nephew of "Back to the Future" star Christopher Lloyd, and his father, Sam Lloyd III, was also an actor. He and his uncle both guested on "Malcolm in the Middle", Sam Lloyd as a housing lawyer and Christopher Lloyd as Hal's father. The two also guested on "The West Wing", Sam requesting the White House to release information about UFOs, and Christopher as a constitutional law expert. He also appeared in "Desperate Housewives" as Albert Goldfine.

Aside from acting, Sam Lloyd is an accomplished singer with the a cappella group The Blanks, who made many appearances on "Scrubs" under the name "The Worthless Peons" (also known as "Ted's Band"). He also plays the bass in the The Beatles tribute group The Butties.

In January 2019, Lloyd was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor, which was subsequently revealed to be metastatic lung cancer, which has spread to his liver, spine and jaw bone. His wife Vanessa had just recently given birth to their first child, son Weston, when Lloyd received his diagnosis. In May 2019, Sam announced on his GoFundMe page that the tumor and hematoma that were in his brain were "virtually gone" but he was not cancer-free or in remission. He also shared that he was able to resume work on his musical, "With Pam & Gil."



</doc>
<doc id="3416052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3416052" title="Hy Averback">
Hy Averback

Hyman Jack Averback, (October 21, 1920 – October 14, 1997) was an American radio, television, and film actor who eventually became a producer and director.

Born in Minneapolis, Averback moved to California with his family when he was 9.

Averback graduated from the Edward Clark Academy Theater in 1938 and eventually got a job announcing at KMPC Beverly Hills before World War II.

During the War, as part of the Armed Forces Radio Service, he entertained troops in the Pacific with his program of comedy and music, where he created the character of Tokyo Mose, a lampoon of Japan's Tokyo Rose. After his discharge, his big break came when he was hired to announce the Jack Paar radio show, which replaced Jack Benny for the summer beginning June 1, 1947. He became the announcer for Bob Hope on NBC in September 1948 and also announced for other NBC radio shows, "The Sealtest Village Store" and "Let's Talk Hollywood", as well as on the "Sweeney and March" show on CBS in 1948 and appeared as the voice of Newsweek magazine on a weekly radio show on ABC West Coast stations the same year.

Averback was also an actor, appearing a number of times on the Jack Benny radio show, beginning in January 1948.
In 1952, Averback starred in "Secret Mission", a transcribed program "dealing with factual stories of escape from behind the Iron Curtain" on AFRS.

Doing comedy on early television, he appeared on "The Saturday Night Revue" (1953–54), "Tonight" (1955) and "NBC Comedy Hour" (1956). He was a series regular as Mr. Romero on the Eve Arden sitcom "Our Miss Brooks" and also appeared in CBS's "I Love Lucy" and other 1950s comedies, before moving into directing at the end of that decade. He directed "The Real McCoys", the Walter Brennan sitcom that was created and produced by Irving Pincus and aired on ABC and CBS from 1957 to 1963. Later, Averback shared directing duties with Richard Crenna on "The Real McCoys". Crenna had also been a cast member with Averback on "Our Miss Brooks".

Averback also directed for "The Dick Powell Show" (1961–1963), "Burke's Law" (1963-1964), "The Man from U.N.C.L.E." (1964–1968), "The Flying Nun" (1967–1970), "Columbo: Suitable for Framing" (1971), "McCloud" (1971), "M*A*S*H" (1972), "Needles and Pins" (1973), "Quark" (1977-1978), "Matt Houston" (1982–1983), "The Four Seasons" (1984), and the miniseries "Pearl" (1978). For CBS, he produced "Mrs. G. Goes to College" (aka "The Gertrude Berg Show") in the 1961-1962 season.

He co-produced the popular 1960s sitcom "F Troop" and supplied the voice over the loudspeaker heard on the television series "M*A*S*H". His actual recording from a Bob Hope show was used in "M*A*S*H" episode 63, "Bombed," from season 3 where he announces himself as Hope's announcer.

Averback co-narrated a 62-minute sex educational film, "The Story of Life", released by Crusader Productions in June 1948. It featured live action as well as animation by former Walt Disney artists Lester Novros and Robert Moore.

Film credits include his role as Willard Alexander in "The Benny Goodman Story" (1956), and directing "Chamber of Horrors" (1966), "Where Were You When the Lights Went Out?" (1968), "I Love You, Alice B. Toklas" (1968), "The Great Bank Robbery" (1969), and "Suppose They Gave A War and Nobody Came" (1969) as well as the reunion TV-movie "The New Maverick" (1978) with James Garner and Jack Kelly.

Averback died on October 14, 1997.



</doc>
<doc id="3418646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3418646" title="Willie Garson">
Willie Garson

William Garson Paszamant (born February 20, 1964) is an American actor. He has appeared in over 75 films, and more than 300 TV episodes. He best is known for playing Stanford Blatch on the acclaimed HBO series "Sex and the City" and in the related films "Sex and the City" and "Sex and the City 2", and for his role as Mozzie, in the USA Network series "White Collar" from 2009 to 2014. He appears on "Hawaii Five-0" as Gerard Hirsch.

Garson was born in Highland Park, New Jersey, the son of Muriel (née Schwartz) and Donald M. Paszamant. Garson is Jewish. He attended Camp Wekeela in Hartford, Maine as a child for 11 years. He graduated in 1982 from Highland Park High School. In 1985, he received a theater degree from Wesleyan University and also attended Yale Drama School.

Garson had a recurring role as Henry Coffield on "NYPD Blue" and as Stanford Blatch on "Sex and the City". His other television appearances include "Mr. Belvedere", "My Two Dads", "Coach" ("The Loss Weekend" episode as a clerk), "Quantum Leap" (once as a newspaper salesman/hack writer, and once as Lee Harvey Oswald), "Monk", "Boy Meets World", "Girl Meets World" (playing four different characters in the latter two shows' universe), "Ally McBeal", "Party of Five", "" (in the episode "Thirty Days"), "Special Unit 2", "Just Shoot Me!", "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "Friends", "The X-Files" (twice and as two different characters), "Cheers" (as a waiter in the episode "Cape Cad"), "Yes, Dear", "", "Pushing Daisies", "Stargate SG-1" (3 episodes), "Wizards of Waverly Place", "", "Mental", "Spin City", and "Taken". He co-starred in the 2007 HBO series "John from Cincinnati". He co-starred as Mozzie in the USA Network series "White Collar" from 2009 to 2014.

Garson has also appeared in three movies from the Farrelly brothers—"Kingpin", "There's Something About Mary", and "Fever Pitch". His other film credits include "Groundhog Day", "Just Like Heaven", "The Rock", "", "Being John Malkovich", "Freaky Friday", "Labor Pains", and "Out Cold". He made a cameo in the end credits of "Jackass Number Two", with the full context of the cameo being explained in "Jackass 2.5".

In 2009, Garson adopted a seven-year-old son, Nathan. Despite playing an openly gay man on "SATC", Garson is heterosexual.



</doc>
<doc id="3422562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3422562" title="Christian Jacobs">
Christian Jacobs

Christian Richards Jacobs (born January 11, 1972) is an American musician, television producer, voice actor and former child actor. He is perhaps most recognized as the co-creator of the award-winning Nick Jr. children's television series "Yo Gabba Gabba!", on which he additionally serves as a writer, director, composer and voice actor.

Under the stage persona of The MC Bat Commander, Jacobs is also well known for his work as lead singer for the Orange County rock band The Aquabats, which he co-founded in 1994. In addition to his musical work with the band, Jacobs also portrayed the character of the Bat Commander on the live-action comedy television series "The Aquabats! Super Show!", which he also co-created and produced, from 2012 to 2014.

Jacobs was born in Rexburg, Idaho in 1972, the second of five children. Following his family's relocation to Los Angeles in 1976, Jacobs and his siblings, namely his older sister Rachel and younger brother Parker, began working as child actors. Throughout the course of his childhood and into his late teens, Jacobs appeared in numerous productions, most prominently playing the role of Joey Stivic in the short-lived "All in the Family" spin-off "Gloria", but primarily playing bit parts in teen films such as "Pretty in Pink" and "Gleaming the Cube" and episodes of sitcoms like "Married... with Children" and "Roseanne", before retiring from acting in the early 1990s, citing a dislike of the competitive nature of the business.

While working on "Gleaming the Cube", Jacobs befriended a number of well known and highly influential skateboarders and artists. In 1990, he worked alongside Mark Gonzales and Jason Lee on Blind Skateboards "Video Days", and as an artist, Jacobs designed board graphics for Tony Hawks Birdhouse Skateboards and for the Jason Lee and Steve Berra pro models.

The great-grandson of prominent Mormon leader LeGrand Richards, Jacobs is a lifelong member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. In 1991, he left the United States to serve as a missionary in the Sendai, Japan mission and lived in and around Tōhoku, Japan for two years. Upon returning to California, he began working various jobs and moonlighting in bands.

In 1994, Jacobs, along with friends Chad Larson and Boyd Terry, formed the Orange County-based band The Aquabats, wherein he acted as lead singer and lyricist under the stage name of The MC Bat Commander (formerly "The Caped Commander" and "The Bat Commander"). Noted for their matching costumes and theatrical stage shows centered around their superhero-themed persona, The Aquabats initially formed as part of the burgeoning Orange County ska scene, though since 2000 have evolved into playing more punk and new wave-influenced rock music.

Though The Aquabats are most recognized for being a cult act, the band experienced brief mainstream commercial success in the late 1990s during the height of the American ska revival, when their second album "The Fury of The Aquabats!" peaked at number 172 on the "Billboard" 200, granting the band national exposure on MTV and as part of the 1998 Vans Warped Tour. During this time, Jacobs was also active producing skateboarding videos with his friend and creative partner Scott Schultz. In 1999, Jacobs anonymously performed with other members of The Aquabats in the side project The Sandfleas, playing drums under the stage name "Fang".

As of 2018, The Aquabats continue to tour and record, and released their fifth studio album "Hi-Five Soup!" in January 2011 on Fearless Records. On March 3, 2012, "The Aquabats! Super Show!", a live-action musical television series starring the band, premiered on cable channel The Hub, with Jacobs serving as co-creator, producer, writer and star. Despite accumulating six Daytime Emmy nominations over the course of two seasons, winning one for stunt coordination, The Hub declined to pick "Super Show!" up for a third season, effectively cancelling the series. Jacobs has repeatedly expressed plans to keep pitching "Super Show!" to other networks.

In 1999, Jacobs and Schultz formed a production company which was later formalized as "The Magic Store" with the goal of creating family-oriented television entertainment. Together, the two independently created, wrote and directed two pilot episodes in 2005 for a preschooler-targeted children's television series called "Yo Gabba Gabba!". The series was picked up by Viacoms Nick Jr. channel in 2007, eventually becoming an international success and winning numerous television awards. "Yo Gabba Gabba!" has since completed four seasons.

Christian Jacobs is an avid surfer, skateboarder, Japanese toy collector and artist. He lives in Huntington Beach, California, with his wife and four children.



The following list is of awards Christian Jacobs has been personally nominated for:



</doc>
<doc id="3423730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3423730" title="Ike Barinholtz">
Ike Barinholtz

Isaac Barinholtz (born February 18, 1977) is an American comedian, actor, director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for his role as a cast member on the comedy series "MADtv" (2002–2007), "Eastbound & Down" (2012), and "The Mindy Project" (2012–2017).

In film, he is known for his roles in "Neighbors" (2014) and its sequel, "" (2016), "Sisters" (2015), "Suicide Squad" (2016), and "Blockers" (2018). He also co-wrote the comedy "Central Intelligence" (2016), and directed, wrote, produced, and starred in the comedy "The Oath" (2018).

Barinholtz was born in the Rogers Park area of Chicago, Illinois, and was raised in its Lake View neighborhood, the son of Peggy and Alan Barinholtz, an attorney. Barinholtz has described his parents as "liberal people with great senses of humor," and has said that he was raised in a "very funny home." Barinholtz is Jewish, and attended Bernard Zell Anshe Emet Day School, and then The Latin School of Chicago for high school. He had planned on becoming a politician, but decided to move to Los Angeles, California, to be an actor instead. He worked at a telemarketing company and as a busboy before starting a career in comedy.

Barinholtz also attended Boston University and after dropping out, he worked for the Chicago Transit Authority before starting his comedy career. In a 2013 interview, he said he dropped out of school because he hated it and was doing poorly.

In a 2012 phone interview, Barinholtz said he was inspired to pursue a career in comedy after attending a comedy show at The Vic Theatre and seeing several other comedians. Afterwards, he started taking comedy classes at The Second City, ImprovOlympic and Annoyance Theatre, and was not successful at first, but chose to stick with it. His younger brother Jon Barinholtz is also an actor; he plays a recurring character on "Superstore".

Barinholtz spent two years in Amsterdam with the famed comedy troupe Boom Chicago, along with Jordan Peele, Josh Meyers and Nicole Parker. Barinholtz hosted the 'Worst of Boom Night' during a 10-year anniversary of the improv troupe Boom Chicago, where they performed their worst material from previous shows.

He has appeared in the films "The Adventures of Big Handsome Guy and His Little Friend" (2005), "Love, Fear and Rabbits" (2005) and "Down" (2001). Barinholtz currently lives in Los Angeles. Barinholtz is a founding member of The Lindbergh Babies, an improv group directed by Del Close, who worked with John Belushi, Bill Murray, Mike Myers and Chris Farley.

In 2012, Barinholtz joined the cast of the third season of the HBO series "Eastbound & Down", playing the role of Ivan Dochenko, Kenny Powers' Russian rival.

He starred alongside Seth Rogen in the 2014 comedy "Neighbors", as well as its 2016 . Also in 2016, Barinholtz played prison guard Griggs in the DC Comics film "Suicide Squad".

Barinholtz appeared in a regular role as nurse Morgan Tookers on the Hulu comedy series "The Mindy Project". He was also a writer and story editor on the series. He also has a role in "Friends from College", a Netflix original.

Barinholtz officially joined the cast of "MADtv" in 2002 as a feature performer for the eighth season. He was later promoted to a repertory performer status the following season. Barinholtz would often pair up with fellow cast member Josh Meyers in various sketches for the eighth and ninth seasons similar to the Mike Myers/Dana Carvey and Jimmy Fallon/Horatio Sanz duos on "Saturday Night Live". Barinholtz also paired up with fellow cast member Bobby Lee in some of his sketches in the later seasons. Some of his famous characters included Abercrombie & Fitch model Dutch and Principal Lankenstein from the Coach Hines sketches.

Barinholtz performs celebrity impressions, including Alex Trebek, Andy Dick, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Ashton Kutcher, Bo Bice, Dane Cook, Felicity Huffman, Fidel Castro, Howard Dean, Howie Long, Kevin Federline, Mark Wahlberg, Matt Damon, Nick Lachey, Nick Nolte, Pat Sajak, and Ralph Nader.

In 2007, he decided not to renew his contract for the 13th season of "MADtv". His contract, like most other "MADtv" cast members, was for five seasons which was up for renewal at the conclusion of the show's 12th season. Barinholtz has commented that he started getting "restless" and did not see eye to eye with some of the "MADtv" bosses about how decisions were being made.

In 2009, he performed at the Chicago Improv Festival alongside former "MADtv" cast member Jordan Peele. In 2012, Barinholtz performed at another Chicago Improv Festival event with his brother, Jon.

He has frequently worked with comedian Dave Stassen, with whom he also went to high school. They co-wrote a SPIKE pilot in which Barinholtz also starred, "Mega Winner", and the 2016 film "Central Intelligence".


In 2012, Barinholtz began working as a writer on "The Mindy Project" and was cast as Nurse Morgan Tookers.

Barinholtz is married to Erica Hanson, with whom he has three daughters.
His younger brother Jon Barinholtz is a recurring character in the NBC comedy "Superstore".

Barinholtz was shooting his film "Blockers" when he suffered an accident during a fall stunt. The accident left him with two fractured cervical vertebrae in his neck.



</doc>
<doc id="3424298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3424298" title="Peter Billingsley">
Peter Billingsley

Peter Billingsley (born April 16, 1971), also known as Peter Michaelsen and Peter Billingsley-Michaelsen, is an American actor, director, and producer, best known for his role as Ralphie Parker in the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story", Jack Simmons in "The Dirt Bike Kid", Billy in "Death Valley", and as Messy Marvin in the Hershey's chocolate syrup commercials during the 1980s. He began his career as an infant in television commercials.

Peter was born in New York City. His father, Alwin Michaelsen, is a financial consultant, and his mother, Gail, was once Alwin's secretary. Gail is the grand-niece of Stork Club owner Sherman Billingsley, and cousin of Glenn Billingsley, who was married to actress Barbara Billingsley (1915–2010). Gail was the one who initially took the children around to auditions. She once took the children to Browns Mills, New Jersey, for a commercial commemorating US troops.

All five of the children in the family had acting careers when they were young. The oldest of Billingsley's siblings, Dina and Win, had the briefest acting careers working mostly in commercials, with minor guest spots on television shows. Peter's elder sister, Melissa, may be best known for her role as Maxx Davis on "Me and Maxx". Peter's older brother, Neil, began playing Danny Walton on the daytime soap opera "Search for Tomorrow" in 1975 and has had numerous roles in commercials and guest shots on TV series. 

Billingsley received his early childhood education from a combination of tutors (including child actor tutor Wesley Staples), public schools, and private institutions (including the Professional Children's School in New York City), Phoenix Country Day School in Paradise Valley, Arizona, and eventually passed his California High School Proficiency Exam at the age of 14. He seems to have also attended some public secondary schools following the GED, including Arcadia High School, Phoenix, Arizona. In the late 1980s, he took a brief break from show business to attend Phoenix College. 

On January 28, 1986, Billingsley was present at launch pad 39B (at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida) for the doomed launch of the Space Shuttle" Challenger". Classmates of the son of America's first teacher-astronaut (Christa McAuliffe) and he cheered as "Challenger" lifted skyward. Their delight turned to horror as the shuttle exploded 73 seconds into flight. Billingsley was a spokesman for the young astronaut program.

Billingsley's first acting role was as a two-year-old in a Geritol commercial with Betty Buckley playing his mom. He went on to star in about 120 television adverisements throughout the 1970s and early 1980s. At 12, he was quoted as saying, "After 100 (commercials), you lose count." He was likely best known for a series of commercials for Hershey's chocolate syrup in which he portrayed the popular character Messy Marvin.
One of Billingsley's earliest film roles was in 1978's "If Ever I See You Again", written and directed by Joseph Brooks.

His role in 1981's "Paternity" opposite Burt Reynolds earned a nomination for "Best Young Comedian – Motion Picture or Television" at the Young Artist Awards. In 1981, he appeared in "Honky Tonk Freeway", and that October was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". In 1982, Billingsley starred in several features, including "Death Valley", "Massarati and the Brain", and the made-for-TV movie "Memories Never Die" with Lindsay Wagner and his sister, Melissa. He had a featured guest role as Gideon Hale on "Little House on the Prairie", began a three-year stint as a co-host on NBC's popular "Real People" (for which he earned another Young Artist Award nomination), and hosted a two-episode offshoot of the show called "Real Kids".

In 1983, Billingsley starred in "A Christmas Story", based on Jean Shepherd's "In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash", which built its audience slowly over the years and is now broadcast for 24 hours from Christmas Eve until Christmas Day on TBS. The film earned Billingsley another Young Artist Award nomination, and is arguably the one role with which he is most associated. He has been quoted as saying that people still approach him on the street, only to say "you'll shoot your eye out, kid!"

In 1984, Billingsley starred in an adaptation of "The Hoboken Chicken Emergency" with Dick Van Patten and Gabe Kaplan, a special Thanksgiving episode of the PBS series "WonderWorks". He appeared on a "Super Teen" special edition of "Family Feud", and on "Celebrity Hot Potato".

As the late 1980s approached, Billingsley's acting career slowed. He made guest appearances on "Who's The Boss?", "Punky Brewster", "The Wonder Years", and "Highway To Heaven", and appeared in "The Dirt Bike Kid" (for which he won a Young Artist Award), and "Carly's Web", "Russkies", and "Beverly Hills Brats".

The early 1990s had Billingsley tackling older roles such as a would-be jock who gets hooked on steroids in the CBS Schoolbreak Special "The Fourth Man". On that project, he formed a close friendship with Vince Vaughn. His next Schoolbreak Special appearance was in "The Writing on the Wall" (1994), starring Hal Linden as a rabbi who teaches three boys about the horrors of intolerance after they are caught defacing his home, temple, and car with swastikas and antisemitic graffiti. Billingsley was nominated for an Emmy Award for this role.

The most rewarding of his later film acting assignments was "Arcade" (1993), in which he starred as a teenaged "virtual reality" addict; he worked as the postproduction supervisor (credited as Peter Michaelsen). He made some career decisions and began working behind the scenes more. Known as Peter Michaelsen, he was assistant editor on "Knights", a film which featured Kris Kristofferson. In 1994, Peter starred in, wrote, and directed (credited as Peter Billingsley) the short film "The Sacred Fire", and credited as Peter Michaelsen in the executive producer function. This film won an Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy and Horror Films' Golden Scroll Award.

His career behind the scenes continued, including work on The Discovery Channel's "", "Patriot Son", "The X Show", "Made", and "Elf", in which he has a cameo appearance. In 2001, he was nominated for an Emmy Award as co-executive producer for the show "Dinner for Five". In 2005, he helped produce the movie "Zathura". He was an executive producer for the Universal Pictures production "The Break-Up" in which he had a small acting role (as Andrew), appearing alongside frequent collaborator Jon Favreau. Billingsley served as executive producer on director Favreau's "Iron Man" feature film; he also acted in the film, playing William Ginter Riva, a scientist who works for Obadiah Stane; he reprised the role later in 2019 in the film "". Billingsley, Favreau, and Vaughn appeared in "Four Christmases" (2008). "Couples Retreat" (2009) starring Favreau and Vaughn was Billingsley's first major film as director and was followed by his second directorial effort "Term Life", which also starred Vaughn.

Billingsley's acting career continues, as well, with small roles in "Sherman Oaks", "", "Elf", "L.A. Heat", and "No Deposit, No Return", which was voted Best Feature Film at the New York International Independent Film and Video Festival in 2000. He took an acting part in an experimental film for the new Maxivision 48 projection system developed by Dean Goodhill.

Billingsley released a CD titled "Christmas Stories...Christmas Songs" on Run For Cover Records in 1999 with longtime friend Brian Evans. He signed on as executive producer of a musical adaptation of "A Christmas Story" that opened in Seattle in December 2010. He is "...honored to be a part of this project and look forward to bringing the play to more stages... Just think about the idea of a leg-lamp kickline."




</doc>
<doc id="3427124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427124" title="Dan Biggers">
Dan Biggers

Daniel Upshaw "Dan" Biggers (January 18, 1931 – December 5, 2011) was an American college official and actor best known for his role as Frank "Doc" Robb on the television series "In the Heat of the Night".

Biggers was born in Newton County, Georgia in 1931. He was an English instructor at Toccoa High School in the late 1950s. In 1963 he became headmaster of Thornwood (Darlington Lower School) in Rome, Georgia. Beginning in 1967, he was Dean of Students at Berry College. Before that, he was on the staff of the Dean of Men at the University of Georgia and escorted Charlayne Hunter (now a correspondent for PBS) to class when she integrated the University of Georgia in 1960. From 1976 until his retirement in 1996, he was the director of Oak Hill and the Martha Berry Museum. He was also on the board of directors of the Greater Rome Convention and Visitors Bureau for 13 years and helped develop the Northwest Georgia Travel Association. In 1983 he was awarded the Phoenix Award for conservation and preservation by the Society of American Travel Writers.

Biggers' acting career began with the Rome Little Theatre, where he won several acting awards. His first television appearance was in "Maid in America" in 1962 and his last in "Elizabethtown" in 2005. His breakout role was in "The Slugger's Wife" in 1985. He played "Doc" Robb on "In the Heat of the Night" for eight years. He was awarded a lifetime achievement award by the Rome International Film Festival and also by the Georgia Screen Actors Guild.

Biggers died in Rome, Georgia in the morning of December 5, 2011.


</doc>
<doc id="3427217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427217" title="Robert Arthur (actor)">
Robert Arthur (actor)

Robert Arthur (June 18, 1925 – October 1, 2008) was an American motion picture actor who appeared in dozens of films in the 1940s and 1950s.

Born Robert Paul Arthaud, Arthur appeared in the 1949 war film "Twelve O'Clock High" as the comic relief–providing Sgt. McIllhenny, in the 1951 Billy Wilder film "Ace in the Hole", and in the 1950s television program "The Lone Ranger". Arthur was known for playing youthful teenage or young adult roles.

In his later years, Arthur became an activist for gay rights on behalf of senior citizens, and was involved with the Log Cabin Republicans.
Robert Arthur died in Aberdeen, Washington, on October 1, 2008, from heart failure, aged 83.



</doc>
<doc id="3427802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427802" title="Porter Hall">
Porter Hall

Clifford Porter Hall (September 19, 1888 – October 6, 1953) was an American character actor known for appearing in a number of films in the 1930s and 1940s. Hall typically played villains or comedic incompetent characters.

Hall was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. His father, W. A. Hall, headed a cooperage business that ended because of prohibition in the United States. After graduating from the University of Cincinnati, Hall worked for the Fleischmann Company while also directing and acting in little theater productions in Cleveland.

Hall began his career touring as a stage actor with roles in productions of "The Great Gatsby" and "Naked" in 1926. His Broadway credits included "The Great Gatsby" (1926), "Naked" (1926), "Loud Speaker" (1927), "Night Hostess" (1928), "It's a Wise Child" (1929), "Collision" (1932), "The Warrior's Husband" (1932), "The Dark Tower" (1933), "The Red Cat" (1934)..

Hall made his film debut in the 1931 drama "Secrets of a Secretary". His last onscreen appearance was in the 1954 film "Return to Treasure Island", which was released after his death.
Hall was probably best remembered for five roles: a senator in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"; an atheist in "Going My Way"; the nervous, ill-tempered Granville Sawyer, who administers a psychological test to Kris Kringle in "Miracle on 34th Street"; a train passenger who encounters a man (Fred MacMurray) who has just committed a murder in "Double Indemnity"; and the title character's lawyer (Herbert MacCaulay) in "The Thin Man".

Hall married actress Geraldine Brown in 1927; they had two children. He served as a deacon at First Presbyterian Church of Hollywood for many years.

On October 6, 1953, Hall died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 65. His interment was at Forest Lawn - Hollywood Hills Cemetery.

Director Russ Meyer named one of the characters in the 1970 cult film "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" after Hall.



</doc>
<doc id="3427850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3427850" title="Richard Benedict">
Richard Benedict

Richard "Pepe" Benedict (born Riccardo Benedetto, Palermo, January 8, 1920 – Studio City, April 25, 1984) was an Italian-American television and film actor and director.

He appeared in dozens of television programs and movies from the 1940s to the 1960s, most notably "Ace in the Hole" (1951), directed by Billy Wilder. Benedict appeared with Frank Sinatra and the Rat Pack in the 1960 movie "Ocean's 11" as one of the 11 men who rob five Las Vegas casinos on the same night. He also played the commander of the Mars rescue ship in the 1958 B sci-fi movie "It! The Terror from Beyond Space".

Benedict's television appearances included "Adventures of Superman", "The Lone Ranger", "Perry Mason", "Zorro", "Dragnet", "Peter Gunn" and "Hawaii Five-O". His directing credits included "Impasse", an adventure film starring Burt Reynolds.

His interment was in Forest Lawn – Hollywood Hills Cemetery. He is the father of actor Nick Benedict.



</doc>
<doc id="3429259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3429259" title="Peter Bonerz">
Peter Bonerz

Peter Bonerz (, born August 6, 1938) is an American actor and director who is best known for his role as Dr. Jerry Robinson on "The Bob Newhart Show".

Bonerz was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire to Elfrieda (née Kern) and Christopher Bonerz. He grew up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin where he attended Marquette University High School. Here, performing with the Prep Players, he gained his first theatrical experience. At Marquette University, he participated in the Marquette University Players under the Reverend John J. Walsh, S.J. After graduating with a bachelor of science degree in 1960, he decided to seek a career in theater, starting in New York City in improv with a troupe called The Premise. After compulsory service as a draftee in the United States Army, he worked with an improv troupe in San Francisco, California known as The Committee, whose members included Rob Reiner, David Ogden Stiers, Howard Hesseman and Hamilton Camp.

Bonerz's first network television appearance was in 1965 on "The Addams Family" in the season-two episode "Morticia, The Writer". He had several more TV appearances in the late 1960s and also had roles in several films, including "Funnyman" (1967), "What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?" (1969), "Medium Cool" (1969), "Catch-22" (1970), which also included his future co-star Bob Newhart, "Jennifer on My Mind" (1971) and "Fuzz" (1972). In 1971, Bonerz was part of an ensemble cast in the short-lived improvisational television show "Story Theatre", which also included Alan Alda and Valerie Harper. In 1972, he landed the popular supporting role of Dr. Jerry Robinson, the eccentric orthodontist on "The Bob Newhart Show", whose most frequent comic foil was Marcia Wallace as Carol, the sharp-tongued receptionist. Bonerz would reprise this role in a cameo appearance in the final, unaired episode of Bob Newhart's third series, "Bob". He also directed 29 episodes. The show ran for six seasons, with ratings among the top 20 in the first three seasons.

His later acting roles included the TV miniseries "The Bastard" (1978) and as a psychiatrist in the movie "Serial" (1980). In 1979, Bonerz appeared on "Password Plus" as a game show contestant/celebrity guest star with Marcia Wallace, his costar from "The Bob Newhart Show". In 1986, Bonerz co-starred alongside Tuesday Weld and River Phoenix in the CBS television movie "". In 1999, he played Ed. Weinberger in the movie "Man on the Moon". He voiced Sal in the "Aaahh!!! Real Monsters" episode "Internal Affairs". In 2014, he played Doug Demarco in the "Anniversaries" episode of "Parks and Recreation". He directed a number of situation comedy episodes for series such as "Paul Sand in Friends and Lovers", "Foley Square", "My Sister Sam", "Friends", "Murphy Brown", "Wings", "NewsRadio", "Home Improvement", "It's Your Move", and "ALF". He also directed a few films, such as "Nobody's Perfekt" (1981) and "" (1989).



</doc>
<doc id="3429889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3429889" title="Eddie Shin">
Eddie Shin

Eddie Shin (born Edward Andrew Yoon Beom Shin; July 17, 1976) is a Korean-American actor. He is perhaps best known for his role in the sitcom "Alexa & Katie" (2018).


</doc>
<doc id="3432164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3432164" title="Paul Dillon">
Paul Dillon

Paul Dillon is an American actor born in Joliet, Illinois who began his career in show business in Chicago. His movie career began in 1994 with the movie "Blink" in which he played the role of Neal Booker. He played Patty O'Brien in "", the most successful film in which he has a credited role.

Dillon also has appeared on many hit TV series including "NYPD Blue", "", "The Guardian", and his recurring role as Angelo in "The Pretender". Most recently, he had a guest appearance as Ezekiel in the new ABC drama "Night Stalker". Currently, he plays Gary in the play "Rantoul and Die".

He is also the founder and artistic director of the Bang Bang Spontaneous Theatre group.



</doc>
<doc id="3435113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3435113" title="Everett McGill">
Everett McGill

Everett McGill (born Charles Everett McGill III, October 21, 1945) is an American actor, who first rose to prominence for his portrayal of a caveman in "Quest for Fire" (1981). He went on to have prominent roles in films like "Dune" (1984), "Silver Bullet" (1985), "Heartbreak Ridge" (1986), "Licence to Kill" (1989), "The People Under the Stairs" (1991) and "" (1995).

On television he appeared as "Big" Ed Hurley in "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991). He retired from acting in 1999, but returned in the "Twin Peaks" 2017 revival.

McGill was born Charles Everett McGill III in Miami Beach, Florida. He graduated from Rosedale High School in Kansas City, Kansas, in 1963.

McGill has a relatively short filmography, but has managed to garner some level of fame by appearing in films such as "Brubaker" starring Robert Redford. With cult followings, including a stint as Chad Richards on the soap opera "The Guiding Light" in 1975 and 1976. After coming into the public eye in 1981 for his role as the rugged caveman leader Naoh in "Quest for Fire", McGill appeared in "Silver Bullet", a 1985 werewolf film inspired by a Stephen King short story; the Korean War battle epic "Field of Honor" and the Clint Eastwood war film "Heartbreak Ridge" in 1986; and in the 1989 installment of the James Bond franchise "Licence to Kill". In 1988, McGill played the titular role in "Iguana" directed by Monte Hellman. In later 1996, he starred in the film "My Fellow Americans" starring his two late co-stars James Garner and Jack Lemmon. In 1991, McGill would reunite with his "Twin Peaks" co-star Wendy Robie. The two appeared as the villains of the Wes Craven feature "The People Under the Stairs".

He has worked on a number of occasions with director David Lynch. McGill first worked with Lynch in the 1984 adaptation of Frank Herbert's "Dune", in which he played Fremen leader Stilgar. McGill later appeared as Ed Hurley on the television series "Twin Peaks". McGill also appeared in Lynch's 1999 film "The Straight Story".

After Lynch searched for him in his country home, the actor and director reunited, and McGill decided to come out of retirement specifically to reprise the role of Big Ed Hurley, in the 2017 revival of "Twin Peaks".




</doc>
<doc id="3436312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3436312" title="Nicolas Coster">
Nicolas Coster

Nicolas Dwynn Coster (born December 3, 1934) is an American actor, most known for his work in daytime drama and as a character actor on nighttime television series, such as "Buck Rogers in the 25th Century" and "". In 2017, he won a daytime Emmy for "The Bay".

Coster was born in London to an American mother and a New Zealand father who was a London theatre critic and Royal marine commando. Coster was raised in the United States, primarily in California.

Coster returned to England to study acting at the Royal Academy of the Dramatic Art. He also studied acting with Lee Strasberg in New York City. Coster was in "Twigs" with Sadia Thompson, "Seesaw" with Michele Lee, "Otherwise Enganged" and "Little Foxes" with Elizabeth Taylor, which was staged on Broadway and the Victoria Theatre in London.

Coster appeared in the NBC soap opera "Young Doctor Malone". He created the role of Professor Paul Britton on "The Secret Storm", a role he played in 1964 and from 1967 to 1968. He played John Eldridge in the primetime serialized drama "Our Private World" and on "As the World Turns". His first appearance on television was an episode of "The U.S. Steel Hour" in 1959. Coster has appeared more than 80 times on 36 television shows, most notably in the role of David Warner, the father of character Blair Warner, on the sitcom "The Facts of Life". 

Coster created the role of Robert Delaney on "Somerset" in March 1970 and later moved to "Another World" playing the same character. He played gangster-turned-informant Anthony Makana on "One Life to Live," but left that series to create the role of Lionel Lockridge on "Santa Barbara". He played kidnapper Steve Andrews on the ABC soap opera "All My Children" and returned to "Another World" for its 25th anniversary in 1989. He returned to his role on "Santa Barbara" in 1990 until the show was canceled in January 1993. He appeared on "As the World Turns" from 1993–1995.

Coster is a scuba diving instructor and maintains a foundation that organizes sailing trips and teaches scuba diving for people who are disabled. Coster has a captain's license.



</doc>
<doc id="3437740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3437740" title="Chris Hebert">
Chris Hebert

Chris Hebert (born September 28, 1973) is an American former child actor who has appeared in a number of television series, commercials, and a few feature films.

Christopher Robin Hebert was born in Fullerton, California, where he has spent most of his life. His acting career began when he was allowed to audition for a local theater production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" for one of the parts of the fairies. His mother apparently was reluctant but relented after Hebert's persistence. She had thought that he would not get picked for the part and that this experience would get the acting bug out of his system. However, Hebert got the part and through that summer production, he made connections to a professional agent who got him work in commercials and television before that summer even ended. Hebert continued to work pretty busily for the next five years. His most memorable project came with his feature film debut, "The Last Starfighter" (1984) as the precocious and likable younger brother, Louis Rogan. Other feature films include "The Check Is in the Mail..." (1986); a co-starring role for Hebert in "Invaders from Mars" (1986), "The Night Before" (1988) and "Mortuary Academy" (1988). Hebert also did numerous episodic appearances, most notably "Family Ties" (1982), "The Twilight Zone" (1985) and "Fuzzbucket" (1986) (TV)- a Disney TV movie. Hebert's acting career dwindled down during his high school years, an experience fueled by personal problems at home, but one he does not regret now in hindsight. Hebert went on to study film at the University of Southern California's acclaimed School of Cinema-Television, graduating with his B.A. in 1997. During his studies there, he became more and more intrigued with film theory and aesthetics, rather than the technical side of movies. Hebert did star in a low-budget, independent film, "Waiting for Mo" (1996) made locally in the L.A. area but it was unable to find an audience after its completion.
Currently a teacher at Fullerton High School, and summer teacher at Troy High School for History of Motion Pictures.



</doc>
<doc id="3439066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3439066" title="Mario Cantone">
Mario Cantone

Mario Cantone (born December 9, 1959) is an American comedian, writer and actor, with numerous appearances on Comedy Central including "Chappelle's Show". He also played Anthony Marentino on "Sex and the City". His style is fast-paced and energetic, with much of his humor coming from his impersonations of various characters ranging from his family members, to celebrities, to stereotypes.

Cantone was born in Massachusetts, and raised in Stoneham, where his Italian-American family moved when he was two. He was the fourth of five children of Mario, Sr., a Boston restaurant owner, and his wife, Elizabeth (née Pescione). His father moved the family to Stoneham, according to Cantone in a 2004 "New York Times" interview to get her away from her bookie relatives. Cantone stated that the problem "was that she was not only a bookie but she was also a compulsive gambler." His mother, who had been a big band singer in her youth, died when he was 21.

Cantone's first impression was of Julia Child, which he presented in a junior high school talent show. He graduated from Stoneham High School in 1978 and Emerson College in 1982.

He began his professional career hosting a children's show called "Steampipe Alley", which aired on New York-New Jersey superstation WWOR-TV from 1987 to 1993.

In his stand-up concerts, he is known for his occasionally campy impressions of entertainment personalities such as Liza Minnelli, Judy Garland, Bruce Springsteen, Jim Morrison, and Bette Davis as well as for his original songs.

Much of his comedy derives from his boisterous Italian-American family. Cantone, who is gay, has said that he considers himself an actor and comedian who happens to be gay rather than a gay comic relying on gay jokes. "Talking about being gay is a very small part of my show and when I first started I wasn't out on stage but I was out off stage, I certainly didn't lie about it on stage but if you didn't know you were an idiot and you lived in a cave after seeing me…really??"

Cantone is known for his role in the HBO series "Sex and the City" as Anthony Marentino, Charlotte York's gay wedding planner who dispensed advice with a rapid fire delivery.

Cantone made his Broadway debut in 1995, replacing Nathan Lane in the role of Buzz in Terrance McNally's Tony Award–winning play, "Love! Valour! Compassion! " Later that year, he appeared in the revival of "The Tempest" with Patrick Stewart. Several years later, Cantone did a workshop for "The Lion King" as Timon but was not comfortable with the makeup or manipulating a puppet and eventually left the project. In 2002, he created and wrote his own one-man show for Broadway, "An Evening With Mario Cantone". A year later, Cantone starred as Gidger in Richard Greenberg's "The Violet Hour" in a part written specifically for him. "The Violet Hour "received mixed reviews and closed after 54 performances.

In 2004, Cantone appeared as Samuel Byck in Stephen Sondheim's musical "Assassins. "" "Originally slated for the 2001 Broadway season, "Assassins" was postponed because of the September 11, 2001 attacks." " In 2001, Cantone had turned down the role of Carmen Ghia in Mel Brooks's "The Producers". His other Broadway credits include his second one-man show, "Laugh Whore, "which ran" "from October 24, 2004, to January 2, 2005, at the Cort Theatre. "Laugh Whore" received a Tony Award nomination for Best Special Theatrical Event and an Outer Critics Circle award nomination for Outstanding Solo Performance. Showtime taped the December 11, 2004 performance, which premiered on May 28, 2005. It was the network's first Broadway production to air as a comedy special.

In September 2010, Cantone appeared in a staged reading of the Charles Messina play "A Room of My Own" at The Theatre at 45 Bleecker Street in Greenwich Village. As of November 2012, the play was still in development with Cantone in the cast. The Off-Broadway production is expected to begin previews in February 2016.

He has appeared in the Comedy Central roasts of Joan Rivers and fellow Boston-area native and Emerson College alumnus, Denis Leary. The network's "Chappelle's Show" featured him in a segment called "Ask A Gay Dude." His voice over work includes Sunsilk "hairapy" advertisements. and the voice of talent scout Mikey Abromowitz in the 2007 computer animated movie "Surf's Up." He has appeared frequently on the Opie and Anthony radio show.

He was a regular guest on the ABC daytime talk show "The View" since at least 2003 and became a guest co-host in 2005. In August 2013, he was in the news as a rumored replacement for retiring co-host Joy Behar and since 2014 has been co-hosting more frequently.

Cantone was among the judges of the Miss America 2014 pageant. He appeared on the July 3, 2016, episode of "The $100,000 Pyramid" as a celebrity guest star.

In October 2011, Cantone married his partner of 20 years, musical theater director Jerry Dixon. The ceremony was officiated by pastor Jay Bakker.



</doc>
<doc id="3440224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3440224" title="Lloyd Corrigan">
Lloyd Corrigan

Lloyd Corrigan (October 16, 1900 – November 5, 1969) was an American film and television actor, producer, screenwriter, and director who began working in films in the 1920s. The son of actress Lillian Elliott, Corrigan directed films, usually mysteries such as "Daughter of the Dragon" starring Anna May Wong (one of a trilogy of Fu Manchu movies for which he has writing credits), before dedicating himself more to acting in 1938. His short "La Cucaracha" won an Academy Award in 1935.

Corrigan was born in San Francisco, California, to actress Lillian Hiby Corrigan (Lillian Elliott) (April 24, 1874 – January 15, 1959) and actor James Corrigan (October 17, 1867 – February 28, 1929).

Corrigan studied drama at the University of California, Berkeley, from which he graduated in 1922. 

"Follow Thru" (1930) to "Lady Behave!" (1937).

"Hands Up!" (1926) to "Night Work" (1939) 
Corrigan's early roles: "The Splendid Crime" (1925), "It" (1927). Corrigan played both romantic leads and villains throughout his career. He also appeared in a number of Boston Blackie films as millionaire Arthur Manleder. He starred with Roy Acuff and William Frawley in the 1949 film, "My Home in San Antone". In the 1950 film, "Cyrano de Bergerac", he played Ragueneau, the lovable pastry cook, though in this version the role is partially combined with that of Ligniere, the drunken poet, who is omitted from the film.

Corrigan continued acting in films until the middle 1960s. He appeared on dozens of television programs, such as the uncle of "Corky" played by Darlene Gillespie in the "Mickey Mouse Club" serial, "Corky and White Shadow." He also appeared in two episodes of the NBC western, "The Restless Gun" with John Payne.

He was cast on ABC's religion anthology series, "Crossroads". He appeared in the role of Wally Dippel in ABC's "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet", in the syndicated crime drama, "City Detective", with Rod Cameron, and on the television version of "How to Marry a Millionaire", with Barbara Eden and Merry Anders. He appeared on NBC's "Johnny Staccato" with John Cassavetes, and the syndicated western, "Man Without a Gun", starring Rex Reason and Mort Mills. Six times Corrigan portrayed the western author Ned Buntline in ABC's "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp". He also guest starred on the CBS sitcom, "Dennis the Menace", with Jay North in the series lead.

In 1959, Corrigan was cast as John Jenkins, with Anne Baxter as Ellie Jenkins, in the episode "A Race to Cincinnati" of the NBC western series, "Riverboat", starring Darren McGavin and Burt Reynolds. In the story line, three ruthless men try to prevent a peach farmer from getting his crop to market so that he cannot make the last payment on his valuable land, which he will otherwise forfeit.

Corrigan appeared twice on the syndicated western anthology series, "Death Valley Days". He was cast as the lucky hobo Carl Herman in the 1960 episode, "Money to Burn". Helen Kleeb played a recipient of Herman's largess. Paul Sorensen and William Boyett played the thieves whose $50,000 Herman found and gave away. In 1962, Corrigan played Dorsey Bilger, the bearer of tall tales in Totem, Idaho, in the 1962 episode, "A Sponge Full of Vinegar". In the story line, the townspeople have begun to tire of Bilger's stories. The episode also featured Chris Alcaide as Charlie Winslow and Paul Birch as Sheriff Lick.

From 1960 to 1961, Corrigan appeared as a series regular, Uncle Charlie, in the NBC sitcom "Happy." He made guest appearances on CBS's "Perry Mason" in 1962 as Rudy in "The Case of the Dodging Domino," in 1963 as land financier and murderer Harvey Forrest in "The Case of the Decadent Dean," and in 1965 as Attorney Gerald Shore in "The Case of the Careless Kitten". In 1963, Corrigan portrayed Captain Rembrandt Van Creel in "The Day of the Flying Dutchman" on ABC's western series, "The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters", starring child actor Kurt Russell. Dehl Berti portrayed the Indian, Little Buffalo. From 1965-66, Corrigan appeared in the NBC TV sitcom "Hank" as Professor McKillup.




</doc>
<doc id="3441464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3441464" title="Will Chase">
Will Chase

Will Chase (born September 12, 1970) is an American actor and singer, best known for his work in Broadway musicals and in his role as country superstar Luke Wheeler on ABC's "Nashville".

Chase was born in Frankfort, Kentucky, and is the youngest of three boys. He graduated from Western Hills High School and the Oberlin Conservatory of Music, where he studied conducting with Robert Spano and majored in percussion.

Chase attended Oberlin Conservatory of Music, training as a percussionist and conductor.

Chase started his acting career in Chicago, performing in regional theater productions and received three Joseph Jefferson Award nominations. He then played Chris in the 2nd National Tour of "Miss Saigon". He first performed on Broadway in 1998 as the Squeegee Man and Roger understudy in "Rent" in the role originated by Adam Pascal; he also starred as the last Roger in the final Broadway company of "Rent", which was recorded for the theatrical release entitled "". His additional Broadway credits include "Miss Saigon" (with the original star Lea Salonga playing Kim to close the Broadway production); "The Full Monty", as Jerry Lukowski replacement (2001); "Lennon" (2005); "Aida" (Radames replacement, 2003–04), another role originated by Pascal; and Tony in "Billy Elliot the Musical". He was also in "A Little Princess the Musical" as Captain Crewe. In 2005, he played Neville Craven in the 2005 World AIDS Day "The Secret Garden" concert. 

In 2006, he starred in "High Fidelity" on Broadway, and starred as Valentin in "Kiss of the Spider Woman" at the Signature Theatre in Arlington, Virginia, for which he received a nomination for the 2009 Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor. 

He appeared in "The Pajama Game" opposite Kate Baldwin at The Muny (St. Louis) in July 2007. He starred in "Oklahoma" in 2007 at the Lyric Theatre opposite Kelli O'Hara, and on Broadway in the musical "The Story of My Life" in 2009. 

He was a nominee at the 2013 Tony Awards, nominated for Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for his role as John Jasper / Mr. Clive Paget in the Broadway revival of "The Mystery of Edwin Drood".

Chase guest starred as Michael Swift in the NBC series "Smash". He then went on to play the role of country superstar Luke Wheeler on the television series "Nashville". His other television appearances include "Quantico", HBO's "The Deuce", the recurring role of Pat Mahoney on "Rescue Me", "Cupid", "Canterbury's Law", "Law & Order", "Third Watch", "Conviction", and "Queens Supreme", Hallmark's "The Lost Valentine", alongside Jennifer Love Hewitt and Betty White; the 2011 season finale of "Royal Pains" (USA); "Blue Bloods" (CBS); and the ABC drama "Pan Am". In 2012, he appeared on the series "White Collar", in the episode "Neighborhood Watch", and appeared on the series "Unforgettable", in the episode "The Comeback". 

He played the title role in the 2013 film "Butterflies of Bill Baker". Chase voices Angee in "A Warrior's Tail" (2016).

Chase assumed the role of William Shakespeare from Christian Borle on Broadway in the musical "Something Rotten!" on July 18, 2016.

Chase played the character Byron Marks on the September 27, 2017 season opening of "Law and Order: SVU" titled “Gone Fishin”.

He played Neil Hargrove in the second season of the American supernatural horror-science fiction web television series, "Stranger Things", which premiered on Netflix on October 27, 2017, and appears in HBO's drama "Sharp Objects" as Bob Nash.

He portrayed Fred Graham/Petruchio opposite Kelli O'Hara in the 2019 Broadway revival of "Kiss Me, Kate".

Chase has two daughters with Lori Chase, to whom he was married from 1998 to 2008 and was married to actress Stephanie Gibson from 2009 until their divorce in 2012. 

He and Debra Messing had an on-again, off-again relationship from sometime in 2011 to 2014.

He is in a relationship with musician Ingrid Michaelson.



</doc>
<doc id="3446629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3446629" title="Alex Rocco">
Alex Rocco

Alessandro Federico Petricone Jr. (February 29, 1936 – July 18, 2015), known professionally as Alex Rocco, was an American actor. Often cast as a villain, he is best known for his portrayal of Moe Greene in "The Godfather" and his Primetime Emmy Award for Supporting Actor in a Comedy for "The Famous Teddy Z". He did a significant amount of voice-over work later in his career, and was known for his gravelly voice.

Rocco was a member of the Baháʼí Faith.

Rocco was born as Alessandro Federico Petricone, Jr. in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 1936, but raised in nearby Somerville, the son of an Italian immigrant, Mary (née DiBiase; 1909–1978) and Alessandro Sam Petricone (1896-1949), a native of Gaeta, Italy.

According to organized crime turncoat Vincent Teresa, Rocco was a hanger-on with the Winter Hill Gang of the Boston area. An unwanted advance toward Petricone's then girlfriend on Labor Day, 1961, touched off the Boston Irish Gang War of the 1960s. Georgie McLaughlin, who made the advance, was beaten by Winter Hill Gang members. Howie Carr, a Boston-area journalist and radio personality who has written extensively about the Boston underworld, has written that the young Petricone (whose nickname was "Bobo") was arrested in Charlestown in November 1961 along with Winter Hill boss Buddy McLean for questioning following the death of Bernie McLaughlin of the Charlestown Mob, the first murder of the war. Petricone was released without charge and moved to California in 1962. (When he returned to the Boston area in 1972 to play a bank robber in the film "The Friends of Eddie Coyle", Petricone—now using the name "Alex Rocco"—set up a meeting between Robert Mitchum and local Irish-American gangsters to help Mitchum research his part as Eddie Coyle, a low-level Irish-American criminal. Rocco introduced Mitchum to Howie Winter, leader of the Winter Hill Gang. Another Winter Hill Gang member who met with Mitchum was Johnny Martorano, who had murdered Billy O'Brien, a low-level gangster.)

He first worked as a bartender in Santa Monica, California and took acting lessons from actor Leonard Nimoy, a fellow Boston native. Nimoy was not impressed with Rocco's heavy Boston accent and told him to take speech lessons. Rocco followed through with Nimoy's instructions and after ridding himself of the accent came back to study under Nimoy and character actor and teacher Jeff Corey. 

Rocco played the part of Moe Greene, a Las Vegas casino owner, in the film "The Godfather". Greene's character represented the top Jewish mobster in Las Vegas; although he sought an Italian role, director Francis Ford Coppola remarked "I got my Jew!" on seeing Rocco. Other notable films in which Rocco appeared include "The Wedding Planner", as Salvatore and (uncredited) "Smokin' Aces". In the film "That Thing You Do!", Rocco played Sol Siler, the founder of Playtone Records. 

In the fall of 1975, Rocco starred in the role of Pete Karras, a widowed father, writer, and photographer, in a 12-week CBS drama series "Three for the Road", with Vincent Van Patten as his older son, John Karras, and Leif Garrett as his younger son, Endy Karras. After the death of their wife and mother, the Karrases sell their house, buy a recreational vehicle, and roam throughout the United States.

He played Charlie Polniaczek, Jo's father on "The Facts of Life". In 1989, he played Gus Keller in the Corey Feldman and Corey Haim movie "Dream a Little Dream". From 1989–90, Rocco was a regular on the television comedy series "The Famous Teddy Z" as "Al Floss", a Hollywood talent agent. He received an Emmy Award as Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for this role in 1990. In 1997, he appeared (along with Rodney Dangerfield) in the annual Thanksgiving episode of the ABC sitcom "Home Improvement".

Rocco also had a recurring part in the long-running animated series "The Simpsons" as the head of Itchy and Scratchy Studios, Roger Meyers Jr. In DVD commentaries, Rocco expressed true gratitude to "The Simpsons" staff for allowing him his first voice-over role. He did further voice work on two early episodes of another Fox sitcom, "Family Guy". Rocco did a voiceover on the 1998 Disney/Pixar film "A Bug's Life", deeming it his "greatest prize in life" as he was paid $1 million to record eight lines.

In 2008, he starred in Audi's Super Bowl commercial for the Audi R8 supercar. The commercial was inspired by one of the films Rocco was in: "The Godfather". He played a rich man who finds the front fascia of his luxury car in his bed, a nod to the scene from the original movie in which Jack Woltz, a rich movie producer, finds the head of his prized racehorse in his bed. He was also featured on the Starz cable channel's crime-drama series, "Magic City".

After moving to Los Angeles, Rocco became a member of the Baháʼí Faith, and he appeared in a number of productions related to the religion over the years. He also thanked Baháʼu'lláh in his Emmy Award acceptance speech.

His first marriage was to Grace Petricone, and they had one daughter, Maryann. After moving to California, he married Sandra Elaine Rocco (September 1, 1942 – June 12, 2002) on March 24, 1964. He adopted her son, Marc King, who became known as Marc Rocco (June 19, 1962 – May 1, 2009), a film producer, screenwriter, and director. The couple had two children, a daughter Jennifer and a son, Lucien, and one grandson.

Sandra Rocco died of cancer, aged 59. Rocco remarried, to Shannon Wilcox on October 15, 2005.

Alex Rocco died on July 18, 2015 from pancreatic cancer in Studio City, Los Angeles, at the age of 79.



</doc>
<doc id="3448168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3448168" title="Alex Cord">
Alex Cord

Alex Cord (born May 3, 1933) is a retired American actor who is best known for his portrayal of Michael Coldsmith Briggs III, better known as Archangel, in 55 episodes of the television series "Airwolf" (1984–1986). Early in his career, he was credited as Alex Viespi.

Born Alexander Viespi Jr. to an Italian family in Floral Park, New York, Cord was stricken with polio at the age of 12. His family then moved to Wyoming, where doctors advised him to take up horseback riding as a therapeutic exercise. This helped him recover from the disease by the time he was 16. Cord attended New York University in New York City and the American Shakespeare Theatre at Stratford, Connecticut.

In July 1960, Cord (billed under his real name) acted in a production of "The Curious Savage" in Canal Fulton, Ohio. He had a role in the 1961 episode "The Mountain Men" of the TV series "Laramie". Cord's second role came a month later as Nino Sanchez in the episode "Winter Quarters" of "Frontier Circus". In 1962, he appeared as Larry Rome in the episode "Take a Number" of the crime drama "Cain's Hundred".

Cord appeared in the 1962 film "The Chapman Report", directed by George Cukor. He briefly enjoyed a leading man status on the big and small screen during the 1960s and 1970s, and starred or co-starred in mostly crime dramas, action films, and westerns.

In 1963 and 1964, Cord was cast as different characters in five episodes of the series "Route 66", including the role of Michael in the two-part "Where There's a Will, There's a Way." In 1964, he played the part of Sam in the episode "If Your Grandmother Had Wheels" of "East Side/West Side", starring George C. Scott. During this same period, he appeared twice on "Naked City", starring Paul Burke.

In 1965, Cord was cast as Jed Colbee in the episode "Survival" of "Branded", starring Chuck Connors as a United States Army officer trying to clear his name of a false accusation of cowardice. In 1966, he played the Ringo Kid in a remake of "Stagecoach", which arguably remains Cord's most heavily publicized endeavor. The role was originally portrayed by John Wayne in John Ford's 1939 version.
Cord co-starred with Kirk Douglas in "The Brotherhood", about a Mafia figure being sent to murder his own brother.

He guest-starred on the classic Rod Serling anthology series "Night Gallery" where he met his co-star and wife Joanna Pettet while filming the episode "Keep in Touch - We'll Think of Something".
In 1974, Cord worked twice with Diana Muldaur: as a guest-star on her weekly NBC series "Born Free" and as her love interest in the motion picture "Chosen Survivors", an apocalyptic horror film that acquired a cult status.

Cord is among a handful of actors to appear on both the original and revival versions of CBS's "". Cord also is known to science fiction enthusiasts for having portrayed Dylan Hunt in the failed 1973 television pilot "Genesis II," which was created by Gene Roddenberry. In 1977, he starred as the title character in the epic western "Grayeagle".

In 1972, he appeared as Pete Brown in the episode "The Sodbusters" of "Gunsmoke". In 1973, he played the role of Haynes in "The Night of the Long Knives" on "The F.B.I.", starring Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. From 1973 to 1976, he appeared in four episodes of "Police Story". In 1979 and 1981, he appeared twice on "The Love Boat". In 1988, Cord was cast in an episode of "Simon and Simon"; in 1988 and 1992, he appeared on "Jake and the Fatman". He also appeared in an episode of the "War of the World", a TV series. He appeared twice in "Murder, She Wrote", starring Angela Lansbury. In 1995, Cord played the character Larry Curtis in the episode "The Guardians" of "Walker, Texas Ranger".

Cord had two children, daughter Toni Aluisa and son Wayne Viespi. Toni is the daughter of Mary Ann Hutchinson, whom Alex never married, and Wayne was the product of his first marriage. His second marriage was to actress Joanna Pettet. His third marriage was to author Susannah Boye-Moller Cord.

Cord now resides in Fort Worth, Texas. Cord suggested that Robert Fuller, his friend from "Laramie", also move to Texas to raise horses. Fuller and his second wife Jennifer Savidge did relocate to Cooke County in 2004. Cord and Fuller often make appearances at western film festivals highlighting their continuing mutual interest in "The Spirit of the Cowboy."





</doc>
<doc id="3448209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3448209" title="Gene Nelson">
Gene Nelson

Gene Nelson (March 24, 1920 – September 16, 1996) was an American actor, dancer, screenwriter, and director.

Born Leander Eugene Berg in Astoria, Oregon, he moved to Seattle when he was one year old. He was inspired to become a dancer by watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers films when he was a child. After serving in the Army during World War II during which he also performed in the musical "This Is the Army", Nelson landed his first Broadway role in "Lend an Ear", for which he received the Theatre World Award. He also appeared onstage in "Follies", which garnered him a Tony Award nomination, and "Good News". Nelson's longtime professional dance partner during the 1950s was actress JoAnn Dean Killingsworth.

Gene Nelson co-starred with Doris Day in "Lullaby of Broadway" in 1951. He played Will Parker in the film "Oklahoma!"

In 1959, he appeared in "Northwest Passage" as a young man trying to prove his innocence in a murder case. Nelson appeared on the March 17, 1960 episode of "You Bet Your Life", hosted by Groucho Marx. He and Groucho's daughter, Melinda, performed a dance number together.

Nelson directed 8 episodes of "The Rifleman" in the 1961-62 season, the original "", the first season of "I Dream of Jeannie", "Gunsmoke", "The Silent Force", and "The San Pedro Beach Bums". He directed the Elvis Presley films "Kissin' Cousins" (1964), which screenplay he wrote, and "Harum Scarum" (1965). For the "Kissin' Cousins" screenplay he received a WGA award nomination for best written musical. He later taught in the Theater Arts Department at San Francisco State University in the late 1980s.

He starred as Buddy in the 1971 Broadway musical "Follies", for which he received a 1972 Tony Award nomination for 
Featured Actor In A Musical. The production featured a score by Stephen Sondheim and was co-directed by Michael Bennett and Harold Prince.

For contribution to the motion picture industry, in 1990, Nelson was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Nelson's star is located at 7005 Hollywood Boulevard.

Nelson died of cancer, aged 76, in Los Angeles. He was survived by his three children, Douglas, Victoria and Chris.



</doc>
<doc id="3448464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3448464" title="John Doucette">
John Doucette

John Arthur Doucette (January 21, 1921 – August 16, 1994) was an American character actor who performed in more than 280 film and television productions between 1941 and 1987. A man of stocky build who possessed a deep, rich voice, he proved equally adept at portraying characters in Shakespearean plays as well as in Westerns and in modern crime dramas. He is perhaps best remembered, however, for his villainous roles as a movie and television "tough guy".

John Doucette was born in Brockton, Massachusetts, the eldest of three children of Nellie S. (née Bishop) and Arthur J. Doucette. During his childhood, his family moved frequently as his father sought work during the Great Depression. He completed grammar school in Haverhill, Massachusetts; graduated from Lincoln High School in Los Angeles, California; and later, in April 1943, he enlisted in the United States Army and served in Europe as an infantry rifleman during World War II. With regard to Doucette's early experience and training as an actor, he began to perform on stage at the age of 15 in plays at his high school. He subsequently performed at the Pasadena Playhouse before being cast in Hollywood films in the early 1940s.

Doucette's film debut, in an uncredited role as a reporter, in "Footsteps in the Dark" in 1941. He appeared uncredited in at least two other movies before his budding film career was interrupted by his military service during World War II. Following his discharge, he resumed acting in Hollywood, where he soon began to receive more substantial, credited roles in releases by smaller production companies, such as "The Burning Cross" and "The Road to the Big House" for Somerset Pictures Corporation in 1947. Doucette continued to progress in obtaining dramatic roles for larger studios, including a small part as an architect in "The Fountainhead" in 1949 and in the 1970 epic "Patton" when he portrays 3rd Infantry Division Commander Major General Lucian K. Truscott. His other notable performances include bit parts in "High Noon", "The Robe", Sierra, and the mega-budget "Cleopatra". More familiarly, Doucette also appears in the John Wayne films "The Sea Chase", "The Sons of Katie Elder", "True Grit", and "Big Jake".

Many baby boomers first saw Doucette as the bad guy on television in several episodes of "The Lone Ranger". Performing as an outlaw proved to be a natural role for him, considering his rough looks, commanding presence, and skill with a gun. He was considered by many to be among the fastest draws in Hollywood. His roles, however, went well beyond that stereotype. He appeared on a variety of television shows, including "The Time Tunnel", "Racket Squad", "The Range Rider", "The Roy Rogers Show", "The Fugitive", "The Adventures of Kit Carson", "The Cisco Kid", "City Detective", "Annie Oakley", "The Joseph Cotten Show: On Trial", "My Friend Flicka", "Sky King", "The Californians", "Broken Arrow", "The People's Choice", "Sheriff of Cochise", "Behind Closed Doors", "The Texan", "Lawman", "The Everglades", "Mackenzie's Raiders", "Bonanza", "The Wild Wild West", "The Virginian", "Have Gun - Will Travel", "Kung Fu", "The Rat Patrol", "Hogan's Heroes", "Adventures of Superman", "Sea Hunt", "Science Fiction Theatre," "Walt Disney Presents", and "Tales of Wells Fargo".

Doucette portrayed police Lieutenant Tom Gregory on the television version of "Big Town". Between 1959-1961, he also played police Lieutenant Weston on the series "Lock-Up", the character Aaron William Andrews in the comedy "The Partners", and the bounty hunter Lou Gore in the episode "Dead Aim" on the series "Colt .45"

Doucette was cast on television as the Apache Chief Geronimo: for the 1958 episode "Geronimo" on the Western series "Tombstone Territory." He was also cast in 1961 as Captain Cardiff in "The Americans", a 17-episode NBC series, starring Darryl Hickman, about how the American Civil War divided families.

John Doucette in 1948 married opera singer Katherine Sambles, with whom he had eight children. Katherine died in 1991; and three years later, on August 16, 1994, John died at age 73 at his home in Banning, California. His mausoleum is at Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3448598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3448598" title="Roy Brocksmith">
Roy Brocksmith

Roy Brocksmith (September 15, 1945 – December 16, 2001) was an American actor.

Brocksmith was born in Quincy, Illinois, the son of Vera Marguerite ("née" Hartwig) and Otis E. Brocksmith, who was a mechanic. He graduated from Quincy University in 1970. He then moved to New York City where he began a career on Broadway. His roles included Louis XIII in "The Three Musketeers" and the balladeer in a revival of "The Threepenny Opera" with Raul Julia.

Brocksmith's nerdy, pudgy appearance, and effeminate mannerisms made him perfect for comic roles, particularly in the late '80s and 1990s. Among his more prominent roles are the duplicitous Dr. Edgemar in "Total Recall", a police sergeant possessed by Bill in "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", principal Michael Oslo in "Picket Fences" and jovial mortician Irv Kendall in "Arachnophobia".

He died in 2001, aged 56, from complications of diabetes.





</doc>
<doc id="3448896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3448896" title="Charles Cyphers">
Charles Cyphers

Charles Cyphers (born July 28, 1939) is an American actor who has starred in many films and on television. He is known in the horror movie community for his work in the films of John Carpenter, especially his role as Sheriff Leigh Brackett in Carpenter's 1978 hit horror movie "Halloween". He reprised this role in the 1981 sequel "Halloween II", and will return to the character in the upcoming "Halloween Kills".

Cyphers's first feature film was the 1974 movie "Truck Turner", and he first worked with Carpenter in the 1976 action film "Assault on Precinct 13", in which he played Starker, one of the ill-fated police officers gunned down by gang members.

He later appeared as Sheriff Leigh Brackett in the 1978 hit horror movie "Halloween". Cyphers worked with Carpenter two years later, playing Dan O'Bannon in "The Fog", a 1980 horror film which also starred Tom Atkins, Cyphers's fellow "Halloween" cast member Jamie Lee Curtis, his "Assault on Precinct 13" co-star Darwin Joston, and Nancy Kyes, who worked with Cyphers in both "Assault on Precinct 13" and "Halloween". He then played the Secretary of State in Carpenter's popular 1981 film "Escape from New York", in which he appeared with Atkins and "Halloween" actress Nancy Stephens. He reprised the role of Sheriff Brackett in "Halloween II". 

In 2005, he appeared in the movie "Dead Calling", and in 2007 he appeared as a Sheriff in Ethan Dettenmaier's forthcoming film, Sin-Jin Smyth, and in the film "Methodic" in a role which paid homage to his character in "Halloween".

Cyphers has appeared in numerous television productions. During the 1970s, he had a recurring role, as Hugo Muncy, in "The Betty White Show", and he guest-starred in an episode of "Gibbsville" in 1976. In addition, he had guest roles in popular television series such as "Barnaby Jones" and "The Dukes of Hazzard", and he played Drake in the 1977 mini series "Roots".

More recently, he has appeared in "Sliders", "ER", "Seinfeld", "JAG", and "Any Day Now". From 1996 to 1998, Cyphers played Al Yaroker in the 1990s series "". He has also acted in various made-for-television movies.

Cyphers' roles on the stage, both on- and off-Broadway, include "12 Angry Men", in which he portrayed "Juror #3" to Julie Cobb's "#2" (her father portrayed "#3" in the 1957 movie).
Cyphers appeared on "The Dating Game" in 1967 to compete for a date with Yvonne Craig ("Batgirl" from the 1960s "Batman" TV series).



</doc>
<doc id="3451077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3451077" title="Barry Jenner">
Barry Jenner

Barry Francis Jenner (January 14, 1941 – August 9, 2016) was an American actor.

Jenner was born January 14, 1941, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He began acting during his college years at West Chester University, in Pennsylvania. After graduation, Jenner moved to New York City where he found roles in Club Champion’s "Widow", opposite Maureen Stapleton, and "Put Them All Together" with Mariette Hartley. Along with Olympia Dukakis, he was a founding member of the innovative Whole Theatre Company where he starred opposite Dukakis in "Long Day’s Journey Into Night". Jenner also received wide acclaim as the self-destructive pitcher in Jonathan Reynolds' hit play, "Yanks 3, Detroit 0, Top of the Ninth", directed by Alan Arkin at New York City’s American Place Theatre.

Jenner served as a Los Angeles Police Department reserve officer for 21 years. He had early roles on two daytime programs, as Tony Cooper on "Somerset" (1974–76) and as Evan Webster on "Another World" (1976–77), where he was involved with Olive Gordon (Jennifer Leak) in an infamous storyline plot to kill long-time character John Randolph (Michael M. Ryan). In 1981, Jenner appeared in several episodes of "Knots Landing" as Jeff Cunningham, the ex-husband of Abby Cunningham (Donna Mills). He later had a recurring role as Dr. Jerry Kenderson on "Dallas" (1984–1986). Also in the 1980s, Jenner was a frequent celebrity guest on the "$100,000 Pyramid" game show. He is the only celebrity to assist in winning the $100,000 on both the Dick Clark and John Davidson incarnations of the game show. Besides that, Jenner appeared on Super Password with Lindsay Bloom, Abby Dalton and Bert Convy back in 1986. From 1986 to 1991, he appeared on "The $100,000 Pyramid".

Jenner made guest appearances in other series such as "Good Morning, Miss Bliss", "Barnaby Jones", "Highway to Heaven", "Falcon Crest", "Hart to Hart", "Matlock", "V", "Silk Stalkings", and "Walker, Texas Ranger". He had a recurring role on "Family Matters" as Lt. Lou Murtaugh. Jenner had a recurring role on "" as Admiral William Ross, appearing in twelve episodes of the series. From 1996 to 1998, he co-starred in the short-lived sitcom "Something So Right". Jenner lent his voice to the video game "". He was a popular figure on the convention circuit.

In a 1999 episode of the animated television series "King of the Hill", Jenner is awarded a plot in the Texas State Cemetery for his appearances on "Dallas".

Jenner married Susan Harney on May 23, 1980 and later divorced. Jenner married actress Suzanne Hunt April 1, 2001. They appeared together in the film "Popcorn" in 1991 and were together for more than 25 years. Barry and Suzanne had sons, Ashley and Christian. In films, Jenner played the role of Lieutenant James Bradley in the sci-fi spoof, "Popcorn", starring opposite his actress wife, Suzanne. He died on August 9, 2016, at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles from acute myeloid leukemia at the age of 75.



</doc>
<doc id="3452074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3452074" title="Larry Ward (actor)">
Larry Ward (actor)

Larry Ward (October 3, 1924 – February 16, 1985) was an American actor who appeared in many films and television series. He was sometimes credited under the name Ward Gaynor.

Ward was born in Columbus, Ohio. His father was a former college football coach and a member of the Ohio State Senate. Ward studied at a number of universities before joining the United States Navy, where he served for three years.

Enrolling in the American Theatre Wing under the G.I. Bill of Rights, Ward soon appeared in several outstanding productions. He turned his talents to writing but also kept his hand in the acting profession by appearing in a television soap opera titled "The Brighter Day" in 1954. Here he played a character called Dr. Randy Hamilton, but Ward had his sights set on Hollywood and left the show in 1957 when his character died of a myocardial infarction.

Ward got his break in 1962 while he was visiting the Warner Brothers studio to discuss a film script with producer Jules Schermer, who was so impressed with his appearance that he gave him a minor part as Blake Stevens in the episode "The Holdout" of the western series "Lawman", starring John Russell and Peter Brown, which was filming the following morning during its last season on the air. This break was followed by minor roles in other TV series, and in 1963 Schermer gave Ward the starring role of U.S. Marshal Frank Ragan in a new western series called "The Dakotas", which also featured Chad Everett, Mike Greene, and Jack Elam as Ward's deputies. The series was suddenly canceled after a public outcry over the nineteenth episode, in which a priest was injured during a gunfight at a church.

In the 1966-1967 season, Ward guest starred on the NBC series "The Road West" in the episode entitled "Shaman".
In 1966, he appeared as a guest star on season 1 of Lost in Space, in the episode "All That Glitters" with Werner Klemplerer from "Hogan's Heros".



In 1976, Ward appeared in an episode of the CBS western series "Sara". His last on-screen appearances were on two episodes in 1982 of CBSs "M*A*S*H"

Ward died at the age of sixty in Los Angeles, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3453285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3453285" title="Robert Phalen">
Robert Phalen

Robert Phalen (born May 10, 1937) is an American actor who starred in films and on television.

He was born in San Francisco, California, where he attended George Washington High School, was active in the school's drama club, and served as student body president.

His early stage work includes his membership in San Francisco's Actor's Workshop, where he played a variety of roles in the early 1960s, including Mick in Harold Pinter's The Caretaker.
He was in the 1978 hit horror movie "Halloween" as Dr. Terence Wynn. His character returned in the 1995 sequel "", but the role was taken over by Mitch Ryan. Robert also appeared in two other John Carpenter movies; namely "Someone's Watching Me!" (1978) and "Starman" (1984). His other film credits include "Three Days of the Condor" (1975), "Just You and Me, Kid" (1979), "Zoot Suit" (1981), "The Gladiator" (1986) and "Impulse" (1990).

Phalen has made guest appearances on many TV shows. Some of those appearances include "MASH", "Baretta", "Centennial", "Hill Street Blues", "The Facts of Life", and "Babylon 5" (as the father of main character Susan Ivanova).


</doc>
<doc id="3453587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3453587" title="Sasha Jenson">
Sasha Jenson

Sasha Jenson (born November 12, 1970) is an American film and television actor known for his role in the 1993 hit film "Dazed and Confused". He is also known for his role in the 1988 horror movie "", also Ghoulies II in 1988, and for having a role in the 1992 hit movie "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". His most recent film is in the 2003 release "Grind". Jenson starred in the television series "Teen Angel" as Jason, and made guest appearances on shows like "NYPD Blue" and "Monsters".

Jenson is the son of Canadian-born actor and stuntman Roy Jenson and European actress Marina Petrova. He attended North Hollywood High School alongside Adam Carolla, whom he knew. Early in his career, he primarily did stunt work.


</doc>
<doc id="3454511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3454511" title="Vince Vieluf">
Vince Vieluf

Vincent Ernest "Vince" Vieluf (pronounced "Vee-loff"; born November 10, 1970) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in "Rat Race" and the short-lived UPN sitcom "Love, Inc."

Vieluf was born in Joliet, Illinois, and spent most of his youth in Portland, Texas. 

He has starred in such movies as "An American Werewolf in Paris", "Rat Race", "National Lampoon's Barely Legal", and "Grind". He recently played in a made-for-TV movie called "Snow Wonder". Vieluf also appeared on the television hit "ER". 

In 2006 he had a role in the suspense thriller "Firewall" as vicious henchman Pim.

Vieluf played the dumbfound Blaine Cody in the 2001 comedy "Rat Race". Before "Rat Race", Vieluf appeared in "An American Werewolf in Paris" and "Clay Pigeons". In 2006, Vieluf appeared as a jock version of Wolverine in the parody flick, "Epic Movie".

One of (if not his first) television appearance was in 1997's "On the Edge of Innocence". Vieluf made an appearance on the hit series "Friends" in 2001. His character, Ned, pretended to be in love with his professor Ross in order to pass a test. He is also a star in UPN's sitcom "Love, Inc." as Barry, a wingman whose quirky ways and comments always stun the customers and employees. Vieluf made an appearance on tevelsion's "ER" as Bernard Gamely.

He has also appeared in three episodes of "" playing Connor Foster in the episodes "Homebodies", "Ending Happy" and "Disarmed and Dangerous". Additionally, he appeared in the spinoff series "" as Gil Callem.

Vieluf was the director and writer of the 2010 film "Order of Chaos".



</doc>
<doc id="3454562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3454562" title="Hunter von Leer">
Hunter von Leer

Hunter von Leer (born in Terre Haute, Indiana; April 3, 1944) is an American actor who has appeared in films, television series, and television movies.

His first film role was in the 1972 movie "Unholy Rollers". He also acted in the 1977 Mel Brooks parody "High Anxiety" and in Brooks' 1981 "". Hunter appeared in the 1981 John Carpenter horror movie "Halloween II" as Deputy Gary Hunt. His most recent film was the 2002 "The Round and Round".

He starred on the daytime soap opera "General Hospital" as Larry Baker in 1977 and on the nighttime soap opera "Dallas" as terrorist B.D. Calhoun from 1986-1987. Von Leer has made single appearances on many television series, including "Night Gallery", "The Rockford Files" (twice), "The Dukes of Hazzard", "Quantum Leap" and "The West Wing".

He is a veteran professional shark fisherman. A hobby of his was skydiving.


</doc>
<doc id="3455432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3455432" title="David Ruprecht">
David Ruprecht

David Martin Ruprecht (born October 14, 1948) is an American television actor and game show host, primarily known for his work as host of the Lifetime/PAX game show, "Supermarket Sweep".

Ruprecht has hosted the live stage show version of "The Price Is Right" at casinos in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, Mississippi and Connecticut. He has also hosted "Family Feud Live". He currently is one of the hosts of "The Price Is Right Live" Stage Show at Bally's Las Vegas.

Ruprecht guest-starred on more than 50 television shows, like "Three's Company", on which his character married Joyce DeWitt in the series finale, HBO's "True Blood", and the 1981 TV-movie "The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island" as Thurston Howell IV, the son of Thurston Howell III. From 1990 to 1992, he played Dan Ryan on the NBC soap opera "Days of Our Lives". He co-starred in the Broadway and Showtime productions of "Perfectly Frank" and did voice-over work for the 1985 animated series "Yogi's Treasure Hunt".

Ruprecht was born in St. Louis, Missouri to a Lutheran minister. Ruprecht currently serves on the board of directors for the Downsize DC Foundation. He is a former Executive Director of the Libertarian Party of California and a long-time member of Rotary International.

He has been married twice. His first marriage to actress Ann Wilkinson ended in divorce. He married choreographer Patti Colombo in November 1988.

He is currently a practicing member of the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod.



</doc>
<doc id="3456545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3456545" title="Norman Alden">
Norman Alden

Norman Alden (born Norman Adelberg, September 13, 1924 – July 27, 2012) was an American character actor who performed in television programs and motion pictures. He first appeared on television on "The 20th Century Fox Hour" in 1957. He provided the voice of Kay in "The Sword in the Stone" (1963), and had a notable role in "I Never Promised You a Rose Garden". His acting career began in 1957 and lasted nearly 50 years. He retired from acting in 2006.

Alden was born in Fort Worth, Texas and was the son of Ben Adelberg and Esther Covinsky Adelberg. He served in the United States Army during World War II and returned to Fort Worth to attend Texas Christian University under the GI Bill of Rights. Some of his acting ability was developed while at TCU with participation in the on-campus theater. He had two children.

Alden appeared in dozens of television series in the 1950s and 1960s. He was cast in three episodes in 1958 and 1959 of ABC's "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin". He was cast in six guest-starring roles between 1959 and 1962, mostly as Seaman Pulaski, on Jackie Cooper's CBS sitcom/drama, "Hennesey". In 1959 and 1960, he was cast as Corporal Lucius Grundy in fifteen episodes of the series "Not for Hire". From 1959 to 1961, he appeared as different characters in nine episodes of the NBC crime drama, "The Lawless Years". In 1961, he portrayed Shad Welty in the episode "Ordeal at Dead Tree" of the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Bronco", starring Ty Hardin. Also in 1961, he appeared in the episode "The Four" with Jack Elam in the western series, "Lawman", starring John Russell. He guest starred as well on the CBS sitcom, "Pete and Gladys". In 1970, he appeared in an episode of "The Silent Force". Alden played the police captain in the 1988 NBC TV movie "Man Against the Mob" starring George Peppard.

Alden portrayed Johnny Ringo in the 1955 western series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", with Hugh O'Brian in the title role. Alden also played in Barnaby Jones in the episode titled, “The Last Contract” (12/31/1974).
Alden played Coach Leroy Fedder in the 1970s television series, "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman". He also voiced the ringmaster, Hank, on the animated television series "Devlin". He played the lead in the film "Andy". The actor also played a former cop bent on getting his revenge against Steve McGarrett in the season 4 episode of Hawaii Five-O called, "Rest in Peace, Somebody."

Other roles that he has portrayed include the AC Delco repairman, Lou the Mechanic for seven years in a series of advertisements, Professor Frank Heflin in "Electra Woman and Dyna Girl", both Aquaman and Green Arrow in the animated TV franchise "Super Friends", two episodes of "The Andy Griffith Show", and Major Truman Landon in "Tora! Tora! Tora!" (1970). He provided the voice of Sir Kay in the 1963 Disney film "The Sword in the Stone", and Kranix in the 1986 film "". In 1976, Alden appeared as Big Daddy Dawson, Flo’s first ex-husband on the CBS TV series, Alice (TV series). He was in one episode of "Dallas" as Senator William Orloff the episode #3 Spy In The House Season 1 aka Mini Series. In Season 1 of "The Dukes of Hazzard" he played Chief Lacey of the Springville Police in the episode "Deputy Dukes"; he returned to the role in the second-season episode "The Ghost of General Lee". He appeared as Lou Caruthers, the owner of the coffee shop in "Back to the Future" (1985) and the color-blind cameraman Bill in Tim Burton's "Ed Wood" (1994). He appeared in "Kansas City Bomber" (1972), which starred Raquel Welch.
In 1966 he also played The Joker's "Henchman #1" in episodes 25 and 26, titled 'The Joker trumps an ace' and 'Batman Sets the Pace', of the Batman TV series. In 1970–71, he played Tom Williams on "My Three Sons".

In 1986, Alden arrived to the taping of the television program Small Wonder, not realizing that the episode had been co-written by his cousin Jack Gross.

Alden died of natural causes at age 87 on July 27, 2012, in Los Angeles. He is buried in Beth Olam Mausoleum, South Wall, Elevation 3, Crypt G-130, Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Hollywood.[Find-a-Grave Memorial No. 94483176]


Demetria Fulton; previewed Alden in Barnaby Jones in the episode titled, The Last Contract”(12/31/1974).



</doc>
<doc id="3457304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3457304" title="Dean Collins (actor)">
Dean Collins (actor)

Dean Richard Collins (born May 30, 1990) is an American actor, best known for playing the character Mike Gold in the Fox television sitcom "The War at Home". The series ran from September 2005 to April 2007. Previously, he had recurring roles in "MADtv"s "Reading Caboose" skit as Ernie, and as Warren Feide in "Jack & Bobby". Collins also appeared as Harry Beardsley in the 2005 film "Yours, Mine and Ours", as Garrett in the 2006 film "Hoot", and in the 2008 film "The Least of These". In 2011, Collins was cast in the pilot episode of ABC's "Lost and Found".

Collins was born in Los Angeles, California. He has a younger sister, and two older brothers, Blake Collins, a professional singer-songwriter, and Nick Collins, who works at a full scale talent agency in Beverly Hills.

Collins became good friends with fellow actor Logan Lerman, while playing his character's best friend in "Jack & Bobby", and they remained close after the series' cancellation. They worked together again on "Hoot", where Collins had a supporting role. In their spare time, the two collaborated on creating short comedic films, which they uploaded to YouTube under their joint account name of "monkeynuts1069".

Collins and Lerman also formed a band called Indigo, along with musician Daniel Pashman. Collins sang lead vocals, Lerman played keyboard and guitar, and Pashman played drums.



</doc>
<doc id="3459809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3459809" title="Arjay Smith">
Arjay Smith

Arjay L. M. Smith (born November 27, 1983) is an American actor best known for his teenage role portraying the title character of the Nickelodeon children's television series, "The Journey of Allen Strange". Smith portrayed terrorist Laurent Dubaku during Season 7 of the FOX thriller/drama "24". Smith also portrayed Max Lewicki on the TNT television series, "Perception".

Smith's first acting role was in the sitcom "", playing Jared. He portrayed Brian Parks in the film "The Day After Tomorrow" alongside Jake Gyllenhaal and Tanner in "". He was in the film "To Save a Life" as Matt McQueen. He has also appeared in television shows such as Sons of Anarchy, "NYPD Blue", "Criminal Minds", "Bones", "Like Family", "Strong Medicine", "Cold Case", "Without A Trace", "Charmed", "Masters of Horror", "Step by Step", "That's So Raven", "Boston Public", "The West Wing", "The Drew Carey Show", "ER", "Figure It Out", "Medium" and "The Bernie Mac Show". Smith had a recurring role in "Malcolm in the Middle" playing Cadet Ken Finley.


</doc>
<doc id="3462176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3462176" title="Carmen Filpi">
Carmen Filpi

Carmen Filpi (March 22, 1923 – May 9, 2003) was an American actor who starred in films and on television.

His first acting job was in the 1969 film "Wild Gypsies", he also starred in "The Ice Pirates" (1984), "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (1985), "Life Stinks" (1991), and "The Wedding Singer" (1998). Carmen also acted in the 2000 made-for-TV film "Goodbye Casanova" with Yasmine Bleeth. Carmen's final film was in 2002 in the film "Eight Crazy Nights". 

He also starred in the 1988 horror film "" as the Reverend Jackson P. Sayer.

Filpi made many guest appearances in TV series. Some of those appearances range from "Baretta", "Barney Miller", "Quantum Leap", "Married... with Children", "Growing Pains", and "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch". He had a recurring role in the short-lived series "Freebie and the Bean".



</doc>
<doc id="3464740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3464740" title="Phil Foster">
Phil Foster

Phil Foster (born Fivel Feldman; March 29, 1913 – July 8, 1985) was an American actor and performer. He is best known for playing Frank DeFazio on the television sitcom "Laverne & Shirley".

He was born in Brooklyn, New York, as Fivel Feldman. He took his stage name's surname from Foster Avenue in Brooklyn. He had his first taste of performing when he was a child, when he and his pals began singing and dancing in front of movie theatres. Then he began appearing in amateur shows, competing for prizes. With him on occasion was another beginner named Jackie Gleason.

At the height of the Great Depression, he started in the dramatic field, playing in halls, back rooms and wherever possible during a period when theatres weren't available. "We did all sorts of plays, including all of Clifford Odets' early works — for $28 to $35 a week, living three in a room eating — if there was any food around" he recalls.

Foster made his debut as a night club comic in Chicago in the late 1930s when he was pushed out on the floor suddenly to fill in for a stand-up comic. "I just got up and talked," he says. "I didn't know you were supposed to have an act. But I was offered the job at $125 a week."

He always intended to go back to acting, but, staying with the money, he rapidly made a reputation in night clubs and found himself in constant demand from New York to Birmingham to Seattle.

During World War II, Foster served in the United States Army. Upon his discharge, he returned to New York and become a variety show favorite with an act comprising stories based on his curious childhood in Brooklyn.

During the 1950s Foster made several comedy short subjects for Universal-International as "Brooklyn's Ambassador to the World". Because of his popularity he was chosen by George Pal to be one of the military space crewman on a trip to Mars in "Conquest of Space".

It was Garry Marshall, an old friend whom he helped get started as a comedy writer for Joey Bishop and other entertainers, who lured him again to Hollywood, first to appear in "The Odd Couple" and then to co-star in "Laverne & Shirley", at which time he was living in Fort Lee, New Jersey.

Other television appearances by Foster include guest-starring roles in Ten-Four Productions' telefilm "The Great American Traffic Jam" and on NBC-TV's "Games People Play". Foster also had several return visits to "The Ed Sullivan Show" and "Toast of the Town" along with "This Is Show Business", "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "The Love Boat", and "The Patty Duke Show". He also worked in film, notably "Bang the Drum Slowly". He also recorded a handful of live stand-up comedy albums.
Demonstrating his versatility, Foster embarked upon a literary career and completed a play and two story outlines. In addition to his club work, acting and writing chores, he also ran a workshop for young actor-comedians called The Foster Children. "They have new, fresh ideas and I love helping them get started," he said. "The only thing I ask in return is that when these youngsters are established, they help others on their way."

Foster had two sons, Michael and Danny. He died of a heart attack in Rancho Mirage, California, at the age of 72.




</doc>
<doc id="3470483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3470483" title="Bob Russell (television presenter)">
Bob Russell (television presenter)

Bob Russell (January 1, 1908 – January 24, 1998) was an American entertainer, best known for hosting the Miss America pageant during the years of 1940 to 1946, 1948 to 1950 and 1954. He also served as emcee for the Miss Universe, Miss World, and Miss Canada pageants.

Bob Russell's father was a Russian-born baker. His family moved to New York at age nine and he began his career appearing in Broadway musicals in the 1920s. In the 1930s, he moved on to Philadelphia, where he became a local star as the singing master of ceremonies at the elegant Cafe Marguery in the old Adelphia Hotel.

In 1952 Russell co-created, directed and hosted the very first Miss Universe pageant in Long Beach, California, and continued with the pageant through 1957. When the Miss America pageant was first televised in 1954, Russell rejected the song "There She Is, Miss America" in favor of two of his own. His recommended replacement, Bert Parks, in 1955 sang this promenade tune into history. Lee Meriwether, age 19 from California, was crowned Miss America on September 11, 1954, by a panel of judges including movie queen Grace Kelly. It was watched by 27 million people.

Russell helped to start many early television game shows, such as "Name That Tune" (1954–59). He appeared as the emcee of "Bonnie Maid's Versatile Varieties" (1950–51) and "Your Pet Parade" (1951), and was the announcer on the quiz show "Time Will Tell" (1954). From May 1956 to September 1957, he hosted "Stand Up and Be Counted",

Russell retired from the limelight to Sarasota, Florida, where he kept busy as Reservation Manager at the Aku Tiki Inn on Lido Key, and later at the Meadows Golf and Tennis Resort. Russell and his wife, Mignon Simpson Russell, had one child, a daughter named Ingrid.




</doc>
<doc id="3471313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3471313" title="Bradford English">
Bradford English

Bradford English (born 1949) is an American character actor who has starred in film and on movies. He is best known in the horror film community for his role in the 1995 horror movie "" as John Strode. Bradford's first movie role was in the 1971 movie "The Anderson Tapes", he also starred in the 1979 movie "The Onion Field".

Bradford has made guest appearances on many TV shows. His appearances range from "Kojak", "Diff'rent Strokes", "The A-Team", "Hunter", "Alien Nation", "NYPD Blue", "21 Jump Street", "Brooklyn South", and "Crossing Jordan".



</doc>
<doc id="3471423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3471423" title="Keith Bogart">
Keith Bogart

Keith Bogart is an actor who has starred in film, television and theatre. He is best known for his role in the horror film "". He also starred in the 1999 movie "The Secret Life of Girls".

Bogart made his directorial debut in 2007 with "The Rapture of the Athlete Assumed into Heaven", which he also produced. Written by Don DeLillo and starring John Larroquette and Tyler Hoechlin. The film appeared at the 2007 South by Southwest film festival.

Bogart starred as Drew Buchanan on the soap opera "One Life to Live" from 1988-1989.

He appeared at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in "A Streetcar Named Desire" with Christopher Walken, Sigourney Weaver and Blythe Danner, and in the West coast premiere of Robert Coovers "The Babysitter".

He has made guest appearances on TV shows, some of those appearances range from "", "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", "ER" "Joan of Arcadia", "Nash Bridges", "Party of Five" and "".




</doc>
<doc id="3471651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3471651" title="John Zenda">
John Zenda

John Zenda (July 21, 1944 – August 3, 1994) was an American actor who starred in films and on television. He is best remembered as the US Marshal murdered by Michael Myers in the 1981 horror sequel "Halloween II". His other well-known role was as Supervisor Wagner in the 1983 hit drama movie "Bad Boys". His final film was the 1990 movie "Catchfire" (1990).

He made guest appearances on a number of television shows including "Wonder Woman", "The Bionic Woman", "The Incredible Hulk", and "Falcon Crest".

He died on August 3, 1994 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 50.


</doc>
<doc id="3471763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3471763" title="Jeffrey Kramer">
Jeffrey Kramer

Jeffrey Kramer (born July 15, 1945) is an American film and television actor and producer.

Kramer was born in New York City and grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey, graduating from Teaneck High School with the Class of 1963. He made his first appearance on the TV series "Barney Miller" starring in the episode "Snow Job" as the "Stick Up Man". Then during the year he made an appearance in his first film, the Oscar-winning horror/thriller movie "Jaws", playing Deputy Jeff Hendricks; he reprised the role in the sequel "Jaws 2" in 1978; in 1976, he guest starred in "Baretta". He appeared in the Joe Dante cult classic "Hollywood Boulevard"; during the credit sequence as a girl is walking down the boulevard, when Jeffrey's name pops up, there is a "Jaws" poster in the visible background. He appeared in the horror film "Halloween II" playing Graham, a dentist who examines dead Ben Tramer's body, believing him to be Michael Myers. And, during the year, he appeared in "Heartbeeps" as "Party Butler Robot" in the film. He then made an appearance on "Happy Days" starring in two episodes, "The People vs. the Fonz" as "Martin Smith" and "Fonzie the Flatfoot" as "Lefty". In 1985, he starred in "" as "Towzer"; and finally made his last appearance in "Ally McBeal" in 1997 as a pedestrian. His most recent film is "The 'burbs". Kramer has also produced many independent projects with young filmmakers. Kramer's Nephew in-law, John Birchall, is an American-British film engineer who has worked on many of Jeffery Kramer's independent projects.





</doc>
<doc id="3472546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3472546" title="Ralph Strait">
Ralph Strait

Ralph Strait (July 8, 1936 – July 31, 1992) was an American-Irish actor who starred in film and on television. He was known for his role in the 1982 cult film "The Beastmaster" as Sacco, also that year he starred in the horror movie "" as Buddy Kupfer, and that year he starred in "They Call Me Bruce?".

He starred on the soap opera "Search for Tomorrow" as Dan Stone from 1985-1986. Strait had made guest appearances on TV shows, some of those shows range from "The Incredible Hulk", "Eight Is Enough", and "Magnum, P.I.". In 1992, Strait died at the age of 56 in New York City of a heart attack.


</doc>
<doc id="3472678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3472678" title="Michael Currie (actor)">
Michael Currie (actor)

Michael Currie (born Herman Christian Schwenk Jr.; July 24, 1928 – December 22, 2009) was an American actor who appeared in several films and on television. Born in Kingston, New York to Herman C. Schwenk and Mabel Lockwood, he began his career in 1964.

He had roles in several Clint Eastwood movies including the comedy film "Any Which Way You Can" (1980) and "Firefox" (1982). He also played Lt. Donnelly in the fourth installment of the "Dirty Harry" film series "Sudden Impact" (1983), and reprised his role as Capt. Donnelly in the 1988 sequel "The Dead Pool".

Currie had roles in the horror films "Dead & Buried" (1981) and "" (1982). His other film appearances included "Loving Couples" (1980), "" (1982), "" (1983), "The Philadelphia Experiment" (1984), "Distant Thunder" (1988), "The Man Without a Face" (1993) and "G.I. Jane" (1997).

Currie starred in the 1960s television show "Dark Shadows" as Sheriff Jonas Carter. He has made guest appearances on many TV shows. Other television programs on which he appeared include "Lou Grant", "MASH", "Barney Miller", "Cheers", "" and "Law & Order". Currie died on December 22, 2009.



</doc>
<doc id="3473367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3473367" title="Jack Snow (American football)">
Jack Snow (American football)

Jack Thomas Snow (January 25, 1943 – January 9, 2006) was an American football player who played wide receiver at the University of Notre Dame from 1962 through 1964 and with the Los Angeles Rams of the NFL from 1965 to 1975.

Snow was a three-sport star at St. Anthony Boys'High School, Long Beach, California who totaled 10 varsity letters while competing in football, baseball and basketball. He was an All-state football receiver during his senior season and went on to post a .458 batting average as an All-city baseball performer.

In his senior year at Notre Dame, he was a consensus All-American and finished fifth in the Heisman Trophy voting in 1964 behind the winner, Notre Dame quarterback John Huarte. 1964 was coach Ara Parseghian's first season with Notre Dame, and Parseghian made several key position switches in 1964, including moving Snow from flanker to split end. Snow lost 15 pounds to compete more effectively as a split receiver. Notre Dame's passing offense in Parseghian's first season helped produce 27 team and individual records, including five set by Snow for receptions (60), receiving yards (1,114) and touchdown catches (9) in a season; receiving yards in a game (217, vs. Wisconsin); and career receiving yards (1,242). He broke the previous record for receiving yards in a game (208, by Jim Morse in a 1955 game vs. USC), more than doubled the old record for receiving yards in a season and scored 19 more receptions in one season than any previous Notre Dame player. Snow also averaged nearly 37 yards per kick as the 1964 team's punter.

The Minnesota Vikings selected Snow in the first round (he was the number 8 pick overall) in the 1965 NFL Draft but shortly traded him to the Rams. Snow broke into the Rams' starting lineup in his rookie 1965 season and remained there. In 1967, he averaged a career-high 26.3 yards per reception and scored eight touchdowns on his 28 receptions. He was named to the West squad in the NFL Pro Bowl, but did not appear in the game.

Snow gained a reputation for catching the long pass from quarterback Roman Gabriel. He remained the Rams' starter at split end until 1974-1975, when he divided time with fellow receivers Lance Rentzel, Harold Jackson, and Ron Jessie. He finished his professional career with 340 receptions and 45 touchdowns; his 6012 career receiving yards ranked 30th in NFL history. 

Snow appeared in the 1969 motion picture "Marooned" (starring Gregory Peck). He appeared as himself in the 1969 episode "Samantha's Shopping Spree" of the television series "Bewitched". He played Cassidy in the comedy "Heaven Can Wait". 

Following his NFL career, Snow went into the real-estate business with college roommate Bob Arboit, in Newport Beach, California. He returned to the Rams as a receivers coach in 1982 under Ray Malavasi. In 1992, he joined Los Angeles sports-talk radio station KMPC (now KSPN) as an analyst for Rams radio broadcasts and a daily program host. He followed the team to St. Louis in 1995, and was one of a handful of old L.A. Rams still employed by the Rams in the 2005 season, 11 years after their departure from southern California. 

Snow developed a staph infection in November 2005 and died at age 62 as a result of complications.

Snow's son J.T. Snow is a retired Major League Baseball 1st baseman for the San Francisco Giants and Anaheim Angels. Following the senior Snow's death, the junior Snow changed his uniform number in his father's memory while playing for the Boston Red Sox.



</doc>
<doc id="3476963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3476963" title="Robert Cuccioli">
Robert Cuccioli

Robert Cuccioli (born May 3, 1958) is an American actor and singer born in Hempstead, New York. He is best known for originating the lead dual title roles in the musical "Jekyll and Hyde", for which he received a Tony Award nomination and won the Joseph Jefferson Award, the Outer Critics Circle Award, the Drama Desk Award, and the Fany Award.

After beginning his career Off-Broadway in the 1980s, Cuccioli starred as Lancelot de Lac in national tours of "Camelot" in 1987 and first appeared on Broadway later that year as Javert in "Les Misérables". He has appeared in numerous New York and regional productions since then, including "Jekyll and Hyde" (1997) and "", from 2012.

Cuccioli attended St. Mary's High School in Manhasset, New York and college at St. John's University in Jamaica, New York, earning a degree in Finance. Before moving into theatre as a career, he worked as a financial consultant at E. F. Hutton for three years. 

Cuccioli has been in a relationship with actress Laila Robins since 2000. 

Cuccioli released his first solo album, "The Look of Love", a collection of standards from the 1930s and 1940s, in January, 2012.

Cuccioli starred as Lancelot de Lac in U.S. and Canadian national tours of "Camelot" in 1987, with Richard Harris. He first appeared on Broadway as Javert in "Les Misérables" in 1993 and continued to appear in the musical as a replacement until early January 1995, when he began rehearsals for the pre-Broadway national tour of "Jekyll and Hyde". In 1997, Cuccioli received a Tony Award nomination for his performance in the dual title roles in the musical "Jekyll and Hyde", also winning the Joseph Jefferson Award, the Outer Critics Circle Award, the Drama Desk Award and the Fany Award for that role. On September 26, 2005, he starred as Dr. Johnson in the special benefit performance of "On the Twentieth Century" at the New Amsterdam Theatre.

Cuccioli returned to Broadway beginning August 7, 2012, when he took over from Patrick Page in the dual role of Norman Osborn and his alter ego Green Goblin in the rock musical "".

Early in his career, Cuccioli spent several years learning the ropes off-Broadway at the Light Opera of Manhattan, starting out in the chorus, quickly moving up to smaller featured roles and then playing leading roles, such as Count Danilo in "The Merry Widow", the Pirate King in "The Pirates of Penzance", and Captain Corcoran in "H.M.S. Pinafore". His other notable off-Broadway appearances include Nathan in the long-running revival of "The Rothschilds" (1990); the highly successful 1991 Kander and Ebb revue, "And The World Goes 'Round", which garnered him the Outer Critics Circle Award in 1991; and he played the title role of in the Maury Yeston and Arthur Kopit musical, "Phantom", at the Westchester Broadway Theater in 1992-93, a role that he has repeated. In 2000, he played Macheath in "The Threepenny Opera". He was also seen as Karl Streber in "Temporary Help" in 2002 and in "Mirette" (a new musical by Harvey Schmidt) with York Theatre Company in 2005.

Cuccioli's U.S. regional theatre credits include "Ankles Aweigh" at the Goodspeed Opera House in 1988, Jud Fry in "Oklahoma!" at the Paper Mill Playhouse in 1992, Archibald Craven in the Sacramento Music Circus production of "The Secret Garden" (1999), The Actor in "Enter the Guardsman" at the New Jersey Shakespeare Festival (1999 and again off-Broadway in 2000), King Marchan in "Victor/Victoria" at the Paper Mill in 2000, Nick Arnstein in "Funny Girl (musical)" at the Paper Mill in 2001, Antony in "Antony and Cleopatra" at the New Jersey Shakespeare Festival (2002), Captain von Trapp in "The Sound of Music" at the Paper Mill in 2003, and Sky Masterson in "Guys and Dolls" at the Paper Mill in 2004, with Karen Ziemba and Kate Baldwin. His 2005 theatrical credits include Alexander di Medici in "Lorenzaccio" at The Shakespeare Theatre in Washington, DC, and Capt. von Trapp in "The Sound of Music" at the Bendedum Theatre in Pennsylvania. He has also starred in shows at The Shakespeare Theatre of New Jersey (where he has played the title role in "Macbeth" (2004), Brutus in "Julius Caesar" (2005) and Antonio Salieri in "Amadeus" (2008), among others), at the New York's Equity Library Theatre and in regional theatres around the United States.

Cuccioli's later stage appearances include the off-Broadway revue, "Jacques Brel is Alive and Well and Living in Paris" in 2006. In June and July 2007, he played Claudius in "Hamlet" at The Lansburgh Theatre in Washington, D.C. with the Shakespeare Theatre Company. In September and October 2007, he appeared in pre-Broadway tryouts of "Lone Star Love" in Seattle, starring Randy Quaid, but the Broadway run was cancelled. He then played the title character in "Man of La Mancha" at the White Plains, New York Performing Arts Center until December 2007. Cuccioli reprised the title role of the Maury Yeston and Arthur Kopit musical, "Phantom", at the Westchester Broadway Theater From December 2007 to February 2008. He notes that he enjoys playing this character because the Yeston-Kopit version is "a very human take on the legend". He also is heard on a concept album for a new musical, "The New Picasso", which was released in January 2008. He returned to the White Plains Performing Arts Center in the autumn of 2008 to play King Arthur in "Camelot" and next starred in Conor McPherson's "The Seafarer" at George Street Playhouse in New Jersey. In 2009, he has starred in Thom Thomas's "A Moon to Dance By", at the Pittsburgh Playhouse and at the George Street Playhouse, with Jane Alexander, and played John Dickinson in "1776" at the Paper Mill Playhouse.

In 2015, with York Theatre, he starred as Mayer Rothschild in "Rothschild & Sons", a reworking of "The Rothschilds". Although the show was critically panned, Cuccioli's performance was praised.

Cuccioili's television appearances include "Sliders" (1999) and "Baywatch" (1997). He played Chief Franklin on "The Guiding Light". He also appeared on "All My Children" and "One Life to Live". His has appeared in several films, including in Woody Allen's "Celebrity" (1998), "Operation Delta Force 3: Clear Target" (1999), "Heroic Times" and an independent film entitled "The Stranger".

Cuccioli directed "The Glass Menagerie" in 2003 at The Shakespeare Theater of New Jersey. He has also directed productions of "Jekyll & Hyde" at Houston's Theatre Under The Stars, Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera and The Westchester Broadway Theatre.




</doc>
<doc id="3485649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3485649" title="Christian Finnegan">
Christian Finnegan

Fletcher Christian Finnegan (born April 1, 1973), better known as Christian Finnegan, is an American stand-up comedian, writer and actor based in New York City.

Finnegan was born in Albany, New York. He grew up in Acton, Massachusetts, and attended The Walnut Hill School, a boarding/day high school focused on programs in the performing, visual, and creative arts and located in Natick, Massachusetts.

Finnegan is perhaps best known as one of the original panelists on VH1's "Best Week Ever" and as Chad, the only white roommate in the “Mad Real World” sketch on Comedy Central's "Chappelle's Show". He can currently be seen as co-host of "Black and White", a series airing on A&E which he created and executive produces. He also co-stars in the TBS series "Are We There Yet?". He also co-hosted Zest TV’s web travel show “CustomNATION” and his own music-centric podcast “Audio Spackle” which debuted on Cave Comedy Radio in January 2013.

Finnegan has been a fixture on Comedy Central, having starred in his own half-hour special "Premium Blend", one hour stand up special “Au Contraire”, as well as "Comedy Central Presents: Christian Finnegan" and countless network interstitials. He served as a writer for "Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn" on which he also appeared as a guest. Finnegan's stand up was also featured in Comedy Central's animated series Shorties Watchin' Shorties.

Additional television appearances as himself or performing stand up have included “Conan”, “The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson”, "Would You Rather...with Graham Norton", “Good Afternoon America” and multiple times on "The Today Show" and "Countdown with Keith Olbermann", and on History's "I Love the 1880s". He hosted TV Land's game show "Game Time". As an actor, Finnegan portrayed the supporting role of "Carl" in the film "Eden Court", a ticket agent in "Knight and Day" and several guest roles including a talk show host on "The Good Wife".

In October 2006, Finnegan's debut stand up comedy CD titled "Two For Flinching" was released by Comedy Central Records, with a follow-up national tour of college campuses from January to April 2007. “Au Contraire!” was released by Warner Bros. Records in 2009. His third special "The Fun Part" was filmed at the Wilbur Theatre in Boston on April 4, 2013 and debuted on Netflix on April 15, 2014.

On December 31, 2014 Finnegan appeared on Ken Reid's TV Guidance Counselor Podcast. On July 27, 2016, he and comedian Sherrod Small began to co-host "Black and White", a comedy/talk show on A&E that takes a humorous look at race relations in America.

On August 12, 2006, Finnegan married author and producer Kambri Crews.

In 2006, he lost 88 pounds, as he discussed on his blog, Tower of Hubris.



</doc>
<doc id="3489865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3489865" title="Nehemiah Persoff">
Nehemiah Persoff

Nehemiah Persoff (born August 2, 1919) is an American painter and actor. He appeared in more than 200 television series, films and plays in his career spanning 52 years.

Born in Jerusalem, Persoff emigrated with his family to the United States in 1929 and graduated from the Hebrew Technical Institute in 1937. After serving in the United States Army during World War II, he worked as a subway electrician, maintaining signals while he began to pursue his acting career in the New York theater. In 1947, he was accepted into the Actors Studio, and was one of the 26 members of the beginners' class taught by Elia Kazan, along with James Whitmore and Julie Harris. He began his acting career in 1948.

One of his first notable roles was as the gangster boss "Little Bonaparte", a parody of Benito Mussolini in Billy Wilder's film classic "Some Like It Hot" (1959). He also appeared in supporting roles in films such as "The Greatest Story Ever Told" (1965) and "The Comancheros" (1961). In the film "Yentl" (1983), Persoff portrayed the father of Barbra Streisand's character. He appeared in the comedy film "Twins" (1988), and in the "American Tail" animated-film series as Papa Mousekewitz. His last movie was "4 Faces" (1999), which was the last film to be directed by Ted Post.

His many television credits include "Five Fingers" ("The Moment of Truth"), "The Big Valley" ("Legend of a General", Parts I & II, episode), "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" ("Heart of Gold" episode), "The Twilight Zone" ("Judgment Night"), "The Untouchables", "Naked City", "Route 66" (two episodes), "Seaway" ("Last Voyage" episode, 1965), "The Legend of Jesse James", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", "Gunsmoke", "Gilligan's Island", "The Wild Wild West", "The High Chaparral" ("Fiesta" episode, 1970), "Hawaii Five-O" (7 episodes), "Cannon", "Ellery Queen" ("The Adventure of the Pharaoh's Curse" episode), "" (3 episodes), "Adam-12" ("Vendetta" episode), "The Mod Squad" and "Barney Miller" (2 different characters in a total of 3 episodes).

In the mid-1980s, when health problems decreased his acting workload, Persoff pursued painting, specializing in watercolor.

He retired from acting in 1999 and devoted full-time to his painting. He currently lives with his wife, Thia, in Cambria, California. They have four children.



</doc>
<doc id="3490913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3490913" title="Bruno Campos">
Bruno Campos

Bruno Campos (, born December 3, 1973) is a Brazilian-American actor and lawyer, best known for his roles of Dr. Quentin Costa on the award-winning television show "Nip/Tuck", the voice of Prince Naveen in the animated film "The Princess and the Frog", and Massimo in the popular Brazilian movie "O Quatrilho". In 2010, Campos attended law school, earning a J.D. degree in law in 2013, and is working for the firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius in New York City.

Campos was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and spent his childhood traveling through Brazil, Canada, Bahrain, and the United States. At age 17, he attended Michigan's Interlochen Arts Academy. He then studied drama at Northwestern University (north of Chicago in Evanston, Illinois) graduating with a bachelor's degree in 1995.

In 1995, he starred in the Brazilian film "O Quatrilho" which was nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards. That same year, he played the male lead at The Goodman Theatre in "All's Well That Ends Well", directed by Tony Award winner Mary Zimmerman.

From there, he became better known to American audiences for his roles as Diego on the NBC sitcom "Jesse", starring Christina Applegate; as attorney Joe Rivera in the Showtime series "Leap Years"; and for a recurring guest role as Dr. Eddie Dorset on "ER". In 2004, he joined the cast of "Nip/Tuck" playing plastic surgeon Quentin Costa.

In 2010, he made a guest appearance in "Private Practice". In Season 3 Episode 15, he played the brief boyfriend of Charlotte King, and is accused of abusing OxyContin. Campos also had a recurring role, during the first season of "Royal Pains", as Charlie Casey, the ex-husband of one of the lead characters, Jill Casey.

He voiced the character of Prince Naveen in the Disney film, "The Princess and the Frog", which was released in 2009 and went on to be nominated for three Academy Awards.

In the early 2010s, Campos stopped doing television and film work and enrolled in law school. He received a J. D. from the University of Michigan in 2013. While in law school, he held an internship with judge Avern Cohn of the US District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan. After graduating he passed the bar in for New York. Based on Campos' contributions to reports on securities law enforcement generated by the law firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, he has been with the New York firm since at least 2015. As per his profile, he is "part of a team that represents clients in healthcare, environmental and toxic tort, patent and trademark, securities, and product liability cases", as well as "guid[ing] clients through sensitive corporate investigations and international arbitration, and defend[ing] clients in criminal matters."


</doc>
<doc id="3493050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3493050" title="Shawn Hatosy">
Shawn Hatosy

Shawn Wayne Hatosy (born December 29, 1975) is an American film and television actor and director. He is best known for his roles in the films "In & Out", "The Faculty", "Outside Providence", "Anywhere but Here", "The Cooler", and "Alpha Dog". He is also well known for his role as Detective Sammy Bryant on the TNT crime drama series "Southland" and is currently starring as Pope Cody in the TNT crime drama series, "Animal Kingdom", based on the 2010 Australian film of the same name.

Shawn Hatosy was born in Ijamsville, Maryland, to Carol Ann (née Owens), a loan officer, and Wayne Thomas Hatosy. He has Hungarian and Irish ancestry. He grew up in the Loch Haven neighborhood of Ijamsville, Maryland, attended New Market Middle School, and graduated from Linganore High School in 1994.

Since appearing in "Public Enemies" (2009), starring Johnny Depp and Christian Bale, and "" (2009), in which Hatosy portrays Nicolas Cage's partner, Armand Benoit, Hatosy has primarily worked in television.

Earlier films included "Soldier's Girl", "The Faculty", "In & Out", "The Cooler", "Outside Providence", "Anywhere but Here", "John Q", "A Guy Thing", and 2007's "Alpha Dog". Hatosy auditioned for a leading role in the 1999 film "Varsity Blues" but lost it to James Van Der Beek.

Hatosy has appeared in such television shows as "", "The Twilight Zone", "Felicity", "Six Feet Under", "ER", "Law & Order", "Numb3rs", "My Name Is Earl", "Hawaii Five-0", "Criminal Minds", "Fear the Walking Dead", "Flaked", and "Bosch". He portrayed Detective Sammy Bryant in the NBC/TNT television series "Southland". His latest successful roles were serial killer Boyd Fowler on the Showtime television series "Dexter" and police officer Terry McCandless in "Reckless". He is currently starring as Andrew "Pope" Cody on the "TNT" crime drama series "Animal Kingdom".

Hatosy was a singer in his own band and graduated from Linganore High School in 1994. He made an appearance in Wheatus's music video for their single "A Little Respect". He also made an appearance in Justin Timberlake's music video for his single "What Goes Around... Comes Around", alongside Scarlett Johansson as the drunk love interest. 

In 2005, Hatosy performed opposite Al Pacino in Lyle Kessler's "Orphans", at the Greenway Court Theatre in Los Angeles. Hatosy also took on the title role in the La Jolla Playhouse production of "The Collected Works of Billy the Kid". Off-Broadway, he starred opposite Anna Paquin in the Paul Weitz comedy "Roulette". He also performed in "Roulette", an Ensemble Studio Theater production directed by Trip Cullman, whose characters include a dizzy, distant dad (Larry Bryggman), a sweet, adulterous, alcoholic mom (Leslie Lyles), a steroid-hyped son (Shawn Hatosy), and a wise-cracking, substance-abusing teenage daughter (the Oscar-winning actress Anna Paquin).

Shawn married Kelly Albanese in December 2010. The couple lives in Los Angeles with their sons, Cassius Hatosy (born June 16, 2006), Leo Hatosy (born November 18, 2012), and Finn Jones Hatosy (born October 29, 2017).



</doc>
<doc id="3494202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3494202" title="Bob Paris">
Bob Paris

Bob Paris (born Robert Clark Paris on December 14, 1959) is a Canadian-American writer, actor, public speaker, civil rights activist, and former professional bodybuilder. Paris was the 1983 NPC American National and IFBB World Bodybuilding Champion.

Paris was born and grew up in Brown County and Columbus, Indiana. From a very early age, he was both artistic and athletic. He won National Scholastic awards for his drawings and paintings and wrote short stories in his spare time. Moreover, Paris was also involved in his school's debate team and a member of the International Thespian Society. Paris was involved in many sports in high school, he did track and field, golf, and was a talented football player for his school. After experimenting with weight training as a Sophomore, Paris started to gain size and strength. From that discovery Paris knew he wanted to be a bodybuilder.

He moved to southern California to pursue his life and dreams of becoming a bodybuilder and actor. Within two years he had won two competitions, Mr. Los Angeles and Mr. Southern California.

In 2006, "Flex Magazine" ranked Bob Paris the most aesthetic athlete in the history of bodybuilding. Renowned for both his aesthetics and artistic approach toward the sport, he was also a dedicated advocate for the rights of athletes and an outspoken voice in the push for drug testing at the professional level. He retired from bodybuilding in 1991.

In addition to his writing career, Bob Paris remains a civil rights advocate and public speaker. He is also a model and a classically trained theater actor. Since rising to fame in the early 1980s, Bob Paris has appeared on the covers of scores of magazines worldwide.

On October 10, 1998, he made his New York stage debut, starring at Carnegie Hall opposite Bea Arthur, Sandy Duncan, Michael Jeter, Philip Bosco, Alice Ripley and Tyne Daly in the Broadway musical, "Jubilee" as the character Mowgli.

In 2009, he performed in a recurring role on the first season of the ABC Television series, "Defying Gravity".

In the July 1989 issue of "Ironman", Paris came out in the media as a gay man. He was the world's first male professional athlete, in any sport, to come out in the media while still an active competitor in his sport.

The same year, Paris appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" discussing marriage and being gay. Oprah asked Paris, "Bob, why not just stay in the closet?" Paris explained how "you fall in love" and that it doesn't feel right to hide it. Paris and his former boyfriend, Rod Jackson, became symbols for gay marriage and advocated gay rights. Paris's career ended up suffering because he came out as gay; he claims his life was even threatened through mail and by phone. Paris lost about 80% of his bookings and endorsements for bodybuilding.

After seven years of being together, Paris and Jackson split up. Paris admits that he kept trying to keep his relationship going even when he knew better; Paris felt that he would be giving gays a bad image if he and Jackson broke up.

In 2012, Paris explained on his website that he never wanted to be a "lifestyle bodybuilder." Paris enjoyed the discipline and focus bodybuilding engendered; he also simply just excelled at the sport. To Paris, Bodybuilding allowed him to be artistic and a jock all at once, and also bodybuilding allowed him to exert his physical presence to the world in a way that demonstrated that he was a man. Today Paris is still active in fitness but not as serious as he once was. Paris believes exercise is part of having a more fulfilling life. Paris saw himself more as a writer over anything else. However, Paris believes bodybuilding saved his life and structured him to be the man he is today.

Today, Paris no longer body-builds, although he lives a more basic natural and spiritual lifestyle and often describes this through his writings on Instagram and other social medial outlets. Paris lives with his spouse, Brian LeFurgey, on an island near Vancouver, British Columbia. Paris holds dual American and Canadian citizenship. Together since 1996, Bob and Brian were legally married in British Columbia after the province equalized the marriage laws in 2003.



As an amateur:


As a professional: 

IFBB Mr. Olympia:

Additional professional competition highlights:

NPC = National Physique Committee
IFBB = International Federation of BodyBuilders


</doc>
<doc id="3495583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3495583" title="Mark Holton">
Mark Holton

Mark Douglas Holton (born April 2, 1958) is an American actor, best known for portraying Francis Buxton in "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (1985), Chubby in the "Teen Wolf" film series and Ozzie Jones in "Leprechaun" (1993) and "Leprechaun Returns" (2018).

Holton was born in Oklahoma City. He graduated from Okmulgee High School in 1976. He attended Northeastern State University in Tahlequah, Oklahoma.

Holton's professional breakthrough came with the role of Francis Buxton, Pee-Wee Herman's nemesis in the blockbuster comedy "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" (1985). He found further fame as high school basketball player Chubby in the werewolf comedies "Teen Wolf" (1985) and "Teen Wolf Too" (1987). His mainstream visibility grew with supporting roles in "" (1988), "A League of Their Own" (1992), "My Life" (1993) and "Little Giants" (1994).

Holton has been equally prolific in television, performing in episodes of "The Young and the Restless", "Seinfeld", "MacGyver", "Sledge Hammer!", "Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!", "", "NCIS" and "NYPD Blue". He also makes an appearance in The Ramones' music video for "Something to Believe In". Following his cameo appearance in "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle" (2000), Holton refocused his attention on independent film and television projects. His first leading film role came through the direct-to-video drama "Gacy" (2003), in which he portrayed serial killer John Wayne Gacy.

Holton retired from performing in the late 2000s. He made a comeback with a second portrayal of B.M. Fahrtz in "Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! Awesome 10 Year Anniversary Version, Great Job?" (2017). He returned to film acting in the direct to video film "Leprechaun Returns" (2018), reprising the role of Ozzie from the cult comedy hit "Leprechaun" (1993).


</doc>
<doc id="3495723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3495723" title="Angus T. Jones">
Angus T. Jones

Angus Turner Jones (born October 8, 1993) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Jake Harper in the CBS sitcom "Two and a Half Men", for which he won two Young Artist Awards and a TV Land Award during his 10-year tenure as one of the show's main characters.

Jones was born in Austin, Texas, the older of two brothers.

Jones's first film role was as a five-year-old in the 1999 film "Simpatico". From 2001 to 2003, he had supporting roles in films including "See Spot Run", "The Rookie", "Bringing Down the House", "George of the Jungle 2", and "The Christmas Blessing".

In 2003 Jones was cast in the sitcom "Two and a Half Men" as Jake Harper, the "half man" of the title, a 10-year-old living with his divorced father (played by Jon Cryer) and hedonistic uncle (played by Charlie Sheen). The show was the most popular sitcom in the United States for most of its run, with an average audience of around 15 million people.

In 2010, Jones became the highest paid child star in television at the age of 17 when his new contract with "Two and a Half Men" guaranteed him US$7.8 million over the next two seasons, amounting to US$300,000 for each of the 26 episodes.
During the show's ninth season, which ran from 2011 to 2012, Jones's character Jake was given more adult storylines: he was portrayed as a heavy marijuana user, as well as being sexually active both with girls his own age and older women. The final episode of season 9 shows Jake graduating from high school and joining the army. At the annual PaleyFest held in Los Angeles, California in March 2012, Jones, who had turned 18 during the ninth season, said that he was uncomfortable with the new storylines, saying that it was "very awkward" to do the "adult thing" while not an adult.

In October 2012, Jones described his path to a newfound religious faith in detail during an interview with Seventh-day Adventist–sponsored "Voice of Prophecy" radio program.

In November 2012, Jones said that he had been baptized and no longer wanted to appear on "Two and a Half Men", calling the show "filth" and saying it conflicted with his religious views. He also encouraged people to stop watching the show. His views gained the attention of the media after Jones appeared in a video posted on the YouTube channel of ForeRunner Chronicles, an independent ministry run by Christopher Hudson. Jones issued a statement the next day clarifying his position.

Soon afterwards, the Seventh-day Adventist Church in North America released a statement indicating that the Forerunner Chronicles is not associated with the Adventist Church and that Hudson is not an ordained Seventh-day Adventist pastor.

Producers for the show said he was not expected back on the set until 2013, as his character does not appear in the last few episodes of season 10. CBS announced in April 2013 that he would be downgraded to recurring status for season 11, but ultimately he did not appear at all during Season 11. He was replaced on the show by Amber Tamblyn. On March 18, 2014, Angus T. Jones officially announced his departure from the show, stating he had been "a paid hypocrite". However, he returned in a cameo for the series finale in Season 12, "Of Course He's Dead", which aired February 19, 2015.

In 2016, Jones joined the management team of Tonite, a multimedia and event production company started by Justin Combs and Kene Orjioke.

Jones attended University of Colorado Boulder after departing "Two and a Half Men".

On June 7, 2008, Jones joined other stars including Dakota Fanning, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Val Kilmer in lending their support to the First Star Organization to help abused and neglected children.

In August 2008, Jones joined other stars such as Madeline Zima, Thom Barry, and Brandon Barash at the annual "Rock 'N Roll Fantasy Camp."

On October 4, 2008, Jones joined Miranda Cosgrove, Meaghan Martin, Ray Liotta, Selena Gomez, and Shailene Woodley to attend the Variety's Power of Youth benefit for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.

In October 2009, "Two and a Half Men" co-star Jon Cryer presented Jones with the award for the Rising Star of 2009 at the Big Brothers Big Sisters Rising Star Gala.

Jones has supported the anti-bullying alliance Be A Star co-founded by The Creative Coalition and WWE.



</doc>
<doc id="3499901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3499901" title="David Lascher">
David Lascher

David Scott Lascher (born April 27, 1972) is an American actor best known for his roles in "Blossom", "Sabrina, the Teenage Witch", and the Nickelodeon show "Hey Dude.

Lascher was born in Scarsdale, New York to a psychotherapist mother and a lawyer father. He attended Scarsdale High School and has three sisters: Alexandra, Carly, and Lauren.

Lascher is best known for playing the lovable troublemaker Ted McGriff on Nickelodeon's comedy Hey Dude in the early 1990s. He went on to play Vinnie Bonitardi, the boyfriend of Blossom Russo, on the NBC sitcom "Blossom" from 1992-1993. On "Sabrina The Teenage Witch, played Sabrina's love interest Josh, a coffee shop manager and later on a photographer. On May 23, 2006, Lascher appeared on the NBC chat program "Last Call with Carson Daly" as a Ryan Seacrest clone in a parody of that evening's "American Idol" finale.

In 2014 Lascher co-wrote and produced the film "Sister" with Todd Camhe, which Lascher also directed. "Sister" premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in 2014.

He is married to Jill London. They were married in 1999 and have three children together. He broke into showbiz after appearing in a television advertisement for Burger King.



</doc>
<doc id="3500276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3500276" title="Emil Sitka">
Emil Sitka

Emil Sitka (December 22, 1914January 16, 1998) was a veteran American actor who appeared in hundreds of movies, short films, and television shows, and is best known for his numerous appearances with The Three Stooges. He is one of only two actors to have worked with all six Stooges (Shemp Howard, Moe Howard, Larry Fine, Curly Howard, Joe Besser, Joe DeRita) on film in the various incarnations of the group (Harold Brauer, a recurring villain who appeared in three 1940s shorts, was the other).

Sitka served the role of a literal "stooge," or straight man, to the Three Stooges throughout nearly 40 of their short films, most of which were filmed during Shemp's run as the third stooge. In addition to one single appearance during Curly's run with the trio, and a limited number of appearances during Besser's, Sitka returned as a near-regular character when the trio returned to film and television with DeRita. His frequent appearances with the trio, and his role as stooge to the stooges, have earned him the informal title of being the "fourth stooge".

Sitka was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania in 1914. He was the oldest of five children, born of Slovak immigrant parents. His father, Emil Sitka, a coal miner, died of black lung disease when Sitka was 12 years old, and his mother, Helena Matula Sitka, was hospitalized, unable to take care of the children. His siblings were placed in foster homes, but Sitka went to live in a church in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania with a Catholic priest for the next few years. At this time, he became an altar boy and made plans to enter the priesthood, and had his first acting opportunity in the church's annual Passion Play. At the age of 16, he and one of his brothers traveled across the United States looking for work. After a year, they returned to Pittsburgh, where Sitka found a job working in a factory. He stayed there until the great St. Patrick's Day Pittsburgh Flood of 1936, after which he departed to pursue his dream of acting in Hollywood, California.

Sitka found inexpensive lodging in a small acting theater, doing handiwork to pay his rent, and gradually acting in small parts in the theater. With time and experience, the parts became larger, and eventually Sitka was directing plays as well. Since the theater did not pay, Emil always kept a job as a civil engineer to pay the bills as well as his acting career at night. By 1946, he had played dozens, if not hundreds of roles; this breadth of experience would help him in his later film career, playing everything from butler to lawyer to businessman to construction worker.

In 1946, Sitka was leading his own acting troupe when he was spotted by a talent scout for Columbia Pictures. He was told to contact Jules White, head of Columbia Pictures' short film department, and was cast in a short film that White was directing – "Hiss and Yell." starring Barbara Jo Allen as her character "Vera Vague." "Hiss and Yell" was nominated for an Academy Award. Several months later, he was cast in his first Three Stooges film – "Half-Wits Holiday". At the time, Sitka did not know who the Three Stooges were. Nevertheless, he went on to appear in dozens of Three Stooges short films, as well as most of their feature films and the live action segments for "The New Three Stooges" 1965 cartoon series. He worked in both short films and feature films with others as well, including Lucille Ball, Milton Berle, Red Skelton, Tony Curtis, Alan Hale, Walter Brennan, Dan Blocker, Joey Bishop, Bob Denver, and many others. However, Sitka is best remembered for his association with the Three Stooges, and with one line in particular which he repeated several times: "Hold hands, you lovebirds!" from "Brideless Groom" (one of the four "Three Stooges" shorts that lapsed into the public domain and thus was distributed freely and widely).

In January 1970, Larry Fine suffered a stroke during the filming of "Kook's Tour". Plans were in the works for Sitka to replace him as the Middle Stooge in late 1970 and again in 1975, but nothing other than a few promotional pictures were ever made. Sitka was to play Larry's brother, Harry. He later described him as being "conscientious to the point of ridiculousness." Two feature film offers for the Stooges had been considered, but this proposed version of the group would never transpire, due to Moe falling ill and dying shortly after its conception. One of the film offers was "Blazing Stewardesses", which would go on to feature the surviving members of the Ritz Brothers.

In the Three Stooges short "Brideless Groom" (1947), Shemp Howard must be married before 6:00 p.m. in order to inherit $500,000.00. After striking out, Shemp finally finds a girl willing to marry him, and they rush off to a justice of the peace (Sitka). As he starts the ceremony, initially telling the couple to "hold hands, you lovebirds", the other girls that turned down Shemp's proposal burst in, having heard of the inheritance. A free-for-all then ensues, with poor Sitka being struck again and again, attempting to start the ceremony, each time more disheveled and his "hold hands, you lovebirds" rather weaker.

Because of the widespread distribution of this short (it is one of four Three Stooges shorts that slipped into public domain and was broadcast countless times on local television stations as a result – one station in Richmond, Virginia ran it almost every Sunday afternoon for years in the 1980s), this scene is the one that Sitka has become best known for.

Notably, a clip of this short is featured in "Pulp Fiction" (1994), for which Sitka's name even appears in the credits as "Hold Hands You Lovebirds."

Sitka continued with the acting career, more out of love for acting than the need for money (including a cameo as a supermarket customer in the horror film "Intruder" (1989), in which he said his signature line), appearing in films as late as 1992. He was in demand at various Three Stooges conventions, and had numerous requests from Three Stooges fans to appear at their wedding to say "Hold hands, you lovebirds!"

Additionally, Sitka appeared as a contestant on "Let's Make a Deal" in 1985, bringing along a drawing of Ben Turpin, which host Monty Hall remarked on when choosing him. After being given $500 by Hall and offered the chance to trade it for an unknown item, Sitka opted to keep the money and avoided a "zonk" prize of his-and-hers garbage cans.

Sitka and first wife Donna Driscoll married in the 1940s and divorced in the 1960s. He married longtime girlfriend Edith Weber in the 1970s; they were married until her death in 1981.

Sitka had seven children: daughters Elonka and Little-Star; and sons Rudigor, Storm, Tao, Darrow, and Saxon. All children are from the first marriage. Saxon carries on his father's legacy by appearing at Stooge conventions as often as possible.

While hosting several Stooge fans in his home in June 1997, Sitka suffered a massive stroke and never regained consciousness (one fan was a certified EMT and was able to keep Sitka alive until paramedics arrived). He died on January 16, 1998 in Camarillo, California, less than a month after his 83rd birthday.

He is interred next to his wife Edith at Conejo Mountain Memorial Park in Camarillo. As a tribute to his tenure with the Stooges, Sitka's gravestone reads "Hold hands, you lovebirds!", as well as "He danced all the way."



</doc>
<doc id="3501052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3501052" title="Jackson Bostwick">
Jackson Bostwick

Jackson Leonard Bostwick Jr. (born October 23, 1943) is an American actor, theatre director and film producer. He is best known for portraying Captain Marvel in the first season and beginning of the second season of the "Shazam!" television series in 1974–75.

Bostwick was born in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. His father, Jackson Leonard Bostwick Sr., was a neurosurgeon in Montgomery, Alabama. A photo of Bostwick's parents is seen in a movie in which he starred, "The Prey". In the late 1980s, his father died in Montgomery.

Bostwick holds a Masters of Fine Arts degree from University of Southern California, having been one of the original students in the program.

He studied under acting coach Lurene Tuttle and eventually taught classes of hers.

Bostwick was a contestant on the television game show, "The Dating Game".

He played the lead character role, a superhero, on the Saturday morning television series "Shazam!" and performed his own stunts. However, he was dismissed from the cast of "Shazam!" two installments into the second season and replaced in the role by John Davey. Bostwick had not shown up for a day's shooting, and the producers, Louis Scheimer and Norman Prescott, accused him of holding out for a higher salary. Bostwick explained that he had sustained an injury during the previous day's filming and had gone to seek medical treatment. In an interview, he stated, "I was at the doctor's office having my face and eye examined for an injury that I incurred doing a stunt on the previous day (during the filming of a flying takeoff sequence where the stunt boxes hadn't been reset properly)." He successfully litigated against Filmation Associates, which was forced to pay him for the remainder of his contract, plus residuals, including the entire second season.

Bostwick appeared in several minor movie roles in the 1980s, such as a sentry in "My Science Project" and a guard in "Tron". He played park ranger Mark O'Brien in the horror film "The Prey" (1984). Bostwick later returned to Alabama and taught theater at Auburn University where he directed several plays, including "The Ballad of the Sad Cafe". He occasionally appeared in films in the 1990s and 2000s.

Bostwick is the founder of the L.A. (Lower Alabama) Film Group and the MIT (Made [mostly] In Tennessee) Film Group, two independent "off-Hollywood" motion-picture and television production companies.

Bostwick has trained in Jeet Kune Do and Wing-Chun kung fu. He also plays the banjo.



</doc>
<doc id="3508327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3508327" title="Robert Osborne">
Robert Osborne

Robert Jolin Osborne (; May 3, 1932 – March 6, 2017) was an American actor, film historian, television presenter, and author, best known for more than twenty years as the primary host of the cable channel Turner Classic Movies (TCM). Prior to TCM, Osborne had been a host on The Movie Channel, and, earlier, a columnist for "The Hollywood Reporter". Osborne also wrote the official history of the Academy Awards, originally published in 1988, and most recently revised in 2013.

Osborne was born on May 3, 1932, in the small town of Colfax, Washington, where he was raised. His parents were Robert Eugene Osborne, a public school teacher, and Hazel Ida ("née" Jolin). His older sister was Joan Osborne Beck. He had three nieces. Osborne graduated from the University of Washington School of Journalism in 1954.

Osborne began his career working as a contract actor for Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball's Desilu Studios. There, Osborne became part of Lucille Ball's Desilu Workshop, in which Ball worked with and nurtured such young performers as Osborne and actress-singer Carole Cook.

One of Osborne's early television appearances was in a 1959 episode of "Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse" called "Chain of Command", starring Hugh O'Brian. He was also featured in the Christmas Day "Desilu Playhouse" installment "The Desilu Revue" in December 1959. He also had small roles in such TV shows as "The Californians" and the 1962 pilot episode of "The Beverly Hillbillies", "The Clampetts Strike Oil" (in the role of Jeff Taylor). He refrained from signing on for the series, however, thinking the show would not be a success, and instead focused his attention on acting in television commercials.

Ball suggested that Osborne focus his energies on becoming a journalist, as he would often quip, "especially after she saw me act". After "The Beverly Hillbillies", Osborne would focus more on writing and journalism. In 1965, Osborne had his first book published, "Academy Awards Illustrated".

In 1977, Osborne began his long-standing stint as a columnist for "The Hollywood Reporter". The following year, he published "50 Golden Years of Oscar", which won the 1979 National Film Book award. Having joined the Los Angeles Film Critics Association, he was elected its president in 1981, and served as such till 1983. In 1982, Osborne began a five-year stint as the entertainment reporter on KTTV Channel 11 in Los Angeles. In addition, he began his "Rambling Reporter" column for "The Hollywood Reporter", published five times weekly.

In 1984, Osborne began hosting for The Movie Channel, as well as winning the Publicists Guild of America 1984 Press Award. The following year, he began a relationship with Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), when he hosted a tribute to Shirley Temple at the Academy's Samuel Goldwyn Theatre in Beverly Hills. In 1988, AMPAS commissioned him to write "60 Years of the Oscar"; he later wrote five updates to the volume, the latest being "85 Years of the Oscar" in 2013.

In 1993, Osborne was in a television commercial for The Psychic Network.

In 1994, Ted Turner created Turner Classic Movies as a competitor to American Movie Classics (now known as AMC). Osborne was selected as the host of their nightly broadcasts. For TCM, in addition to hosting four primetime movies seven days a week, he was also the host of special one-on-one "Private Screening" interviews featuring many familiar actors and directors. Beginning in 2006, Osborne also co-hosted TCM's "The Essentials". His co-hosts were Molly Haskell from 2006 to 2007, Carrie Fisher from 2007 to 2008, Rose McGowan from 2008 to 2009, Alec Baldwin from 2009 to 2011, Drew Barrymore and finally Sally Field.

Osborne also participated in events at the Paley Center for Media in New York City saluting the television careers of Lucille Ball and Cloris Leachman. Beginning in 2005, Osborne hosted the annual "Robert Osborne's Classic Film Festival" in Athens, Georgia. The non-profit event is held by the University of Georgia's Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication. In 2010, Osborne hosted the very first TCM Classic Film Festival, and participated in subsequent annual festivals.

In 2011, Osborne became ill and TCM announced that Osborne would be taking "a short break from his TCM hosting duties for minor surgery, followed by a vacation." Osborne continued to appear on Saturday nights, hosting "The Essentials" with Alec Baldwin. In 2012, Osborne began to share some of his hosting duties with Ben Mankiewicz. Mankiewicz hosted primetime films two nights a week as well as many daytime events. Osborne stated that he would continue to work "as long as I have health, and as long as I think I look O.K. on camera." He also said, "If I really couldn't do it with enthusiasm, that would be the time to quit."

In 2014, as part of an exclusive programming deal with Disney, TCM agreed to become the sponsor of The Great Movie Ride. The attraction underwent a refurbishment in 2015, with the addition of a new pre-show and post-show hosted by Osborne, who also provides onboard narration to the ride. The changes were unveiled on May 29, 2015.

Osborne retired from the air in early 2016 due to ill-health and missed a number of TCM annual events over the next year. Osborne died at his New York City apartment in the Osborne on West 57th Street on March 6, 2017, from natural causes at the age of 84. Osborne had been in a relationship for the past 20 years with David Staller, a New York City theater producer and director. Staller was the one who confirmed Osborne’s death to the Los Angeles Times.

Reactions to his death included tributes from many in the entertainment industry. The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences released a statement saying "The affection he had for the Oscars and the Academy was wholeheartedly reciprocated, and we are grateful for his friendship and indelible contribution to film history and our community." Others in the industry who mourned Osborne included Alec Baldwin, Eva Marie Saint, Liza Minnelli, Cher, Larry King, Leonard Maltin, Patricia Arquette, Bryan Cranston, and Patton Oswalt.

Angela Lansbury wrote a lengthy piece about her friendship with Osborne in "The Hollywood Reporter", stating "He was also the ultimate fan — and the ultimate friend — and our friendship will endure in my memory always".

Osborne had moved to New York City in the late 1980s. During his lifetime, few details of his personal life were reported, but upon his death it was confirmed that he had been in a 20-year relationship with David Staller of Gingold Theatrical Group; it was Staller who confirmed Osborne's death to the media.

Osborne won the Publicists Guild of America 1984 Press Award. He also received an honorary doctorate from the Academy of Art University in 2005, and was awarded a star at Vine Street on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2006. In 2007, he received the National Board of Review's William K. Everson Award.

In January, 2016, Osborne was given the inaugural William Cameron Menzies Award from the Art Directors Guild, recognizing his 35 years as a film historian, columnist and critic championing visual entertainment.

In March 2018, Turner Classic Movies announced the establishment of the Robert Osborne Award, to be presented at the annual TCM Classic Film Festival "to an individual whose work has helped keep the cultural heritage of classic films alive and thriving for generations to come." The inaugural recipient was film director Martin Scorsese for his work with The Film Foundation, which Scorsese helped found in 1990.

The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences honored Osborne by including him in their In Memoriam montage during the Oscars telecast.

Books

Forewords

Notes



</doc>
<doc id="3509257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3509257" title="Charles Haid">
Charles Haid

Charles Maurice Haid III (born June 2, 1943) is an American actor and film director, with notable work in both movies and television. He is best known for his portrayal of Officer Andy Renko in "Hill Street Blues".

Haid was born in San Francisco, California, the son of Grace Marian (née Folger) and Charles Maurice Haid, Jr. He attended Carnegie Institute of Technology (now Carnegie Mellon University), where he met Steven Bochco. He was associate producer of the original stage production of "Godspell" in 1971, which was developed at CMU.

Haid's acting credits include the 1976/1977 series "Delvecchio" as Sgt. Paul Schonski, the 1980s series "Hill Street Blues" as Officer Andy Renko, and the 1980 movie "Altered States" as Dr. Mason Parrish. In 1984, Haid was cast as "The Fatman" (or just "Fats") in the never released movie "The House of God." 

In 2004–05, he played C.T. Finney, a corrupt New York police captain on the sixth season of the NBC show "Third Watch". Haid provided the voice of the one-legged rabbit "Lucky Jack" in the 2004 Disney animated film "Home on the Range". Twenty years earlier, Haid had voiced main character "Montgomery Moose" in the pilot episode of "The Get Along Gang", produced by Nelvana. He was replaced by Sparky Marcus for the subsequent series.

His directing credits include an episode of "ER" that earned him a Directors Guild Award and nominations for the TV movie "Buffalo Soldiers" and an episode of "NYPD Blue". He was a regular director on the FX series "Nip/Tuck". He also directed for the FX series "Sons of Anarchy" and AMC's "Breaking Bad". He is a regular director for the CBS series "Criminal Minds", for which he also portrayed serial killer Randall Garner (a.k.a. "The Fisher King").



</doc>
<doc id="3514674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3514674" title="Randy Spears">
Randy Spears

Randy Spears (born Gregory Allan Deuschle; June 18, 1961), sometimes credited as Greg Ory, is a retired American pornographic actor and director who has appeared in numerous adult feature films. Spears is noted among porn actors for his comedic acting talent.

Spears left Kankakee for California during the early 1980s, to pursue a career in acting. He landed small roles in the mainstream films "Trading Places" and "Blow Out". Spears was seen in three mainstream films under the name Gregory Patrick. In the 1988 comedy "Sexpot" he played the role of Damon; the same year he appeared in the horror comedy "".

A year later, Spears starred, along with Georgina Spelvin and Linda Blair, in "Bad Blood", a gothic thriller also known as "A Woman Obsessed". He also acted in commercials and in a one-week stint on "Ryan's Hope" in 1989 where he played a bartender. Spears recalls this time as being "fun". In 2009, Spears provided the voice of a character called John Q. Mind in the episode "In Country...Club", the fifth-season premiere of "American Dad!"

Spears was introduced to the industry in 1987 by Ona Zee. In a 2016 interview, he said he was an aspiring actor who, after a few years in show business, fell on hard times due to the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike. He said he turned to modeling when a make-up artist handed him her card and told him to dial the number if he ever felt like doing nude work. With nothing more than a can of beans and a sack of potatoes in his cupboard, he called a month later, despite his concern that working in the adult entertainment industry could hurt his professional career later on. Spears said he felt conflicted after his first shoot, for which he earned $400. Still, he fielded and accepted more offers, which came in, he said, once producers noticed he had some acting experience. Initially, he kept his mother uninformed about his new profession.

Spears' first billing was as detective Hank Smith in "The Case of the Sensuous Sinners", released in 1988. In 1990, Spears and Tom Byron traveled to Australia and made the films "Singles Holiday",
"Lost in Paradise", "Dial a Sailor", "Sexual Healer" and "Outback Assignment". The same year, he won the "Adult Video News" Best Actor Award for his performance in "The Masseuse" with Hyapatia Lee. Spears also played Captain Jim Quirk in the "Sex Trek" series, which was a sex-parody of "Star Trek". He has since been inducted into the AVN Hall of Fame.

In 2011, he shot his last film in the pornography film industry, having broken down in tears as he left the set. He publicly announced in 2015 that he had left the industry, turning to Christianity.

He was best friends with Jon Dough, with whom he entered the business at around the same time. Spears expressed that Dough was "like a brother" to him. Following Dough's suicide in 2006, Spears and Dough's widow set up a memorial fund on MySpace to help pay for the funeral costs.

In a 2015 interview, Spears said that he had severe drug problems during his time in the adult business and that a vicious circle kept him in the business all those years: "I had to go to work, to do the porn, so that I could buy the drugs, to bury the pain of doing the porn. So I’d go to work, and do the porn, so I could buy the drugs, to bury the pain. And around and around it went." Spears also claimed that the business changed his view of women, perceiving them as sexual objects, adding "I lost the ability to have a loving and caring relationship. I thought I was still able. I was fooled."

AVN Awards:
XRCO Awards:
Other Awards:




</doc>
<doc id="3514919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3514919" title="Jester Hairston">
Jester Hairston

Jester Joseph Hairston (July 9, 1901 – January 18, 2000) was an American composer, songwriter, arranger, choral conductor, and actor. He was regarded as a leading expert on Negro spirituals and choral music. His notable compositions include "Amen," a gospel-tinged theme from the film "Lilies of the Field" and a 1963 hit for The Impressions, and the Christmas song "Mary's Boy Child".

Hairston was born in Belews Creek, a rural community on the border of Stokes, Forsyth, Rockingham and Guilford counties in North Carolina. His grandparents had been slaves. At an early age he and his family moved to Homestead, Pennsylvania, just outside Pittsburgh, where he graduated from high school in 1921. Hairston was still a small child when his father died in a job-related accident; he was raised by his grandmother while his mother went to work. While growing up, Hairston heard his grandmother and her friends talking and singing about life on the plantations of the southern US. He listened with immense interest and made a promise to himself that he would preserve this history through music.

Hairston initially majored in landscape architecture at Massachusetts Agricultural College in the 1920s. While studying landscape architecture, Hairston became involved in various church choirs and choral groups. The accompanist of one, Anna Laura Kidder, saw his potential in music and became his benefactor. Mrs. Kidder offered him financial assistance to study music at Tufts University, from which he graduated in 1929. He was one of the first black students admitted to Tufts. Later he studied music at the Juilliard School.

Hairston pledged Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity, Chi chapter in 1925. He worked as a choir conductor in the early stages of his career. His work with choirs on Broadway eventually led to his singing and acting in plays, films, radio programs, and television shows.

He sang with the Hall Johnson Choir in Harlem for a time but was nearly fired from the all black choir because he had difficulty with the rural dialects that were used in some of the songs. He had to shed his Boston accent and relearn the country speech of his parents and grandparents. Johnson had told him, "We're singing ain't and cain't and you're singing shahn't and cahn't and they don't mix in a spiritual." The Hall Johnson Choir performed in many Broadway shows including "The Green Pastures". In 1936, they were asked to go to Hollywood to sing for the film "The Green Pastures". At that time, a Russian composer, Dimitri Tiomkin, heard Jester and invited him to collaborate with him. This led to a thirty-year collaboration during which time Jester arranged and collected music for the movies. In 1939, Hairston married Margaret Swanigan. He also wrote and arranged spirituals for Hollywood films as well as for high school and college choirs around the country.

Hairston wrote the song "Mary's Boy Child" in 1956. He also arranged the song "Amen", which he dubbed for the Sidney Poitier film "Lilies of the Field", and arranged traditional Negro spirituals Most of Hairston's film work was in the field of composing, arranging, and choral conducting. Hairston also acted in over 20 films, mostly in small roles, some of which were uncredited. Among the films he appeared in were bit parts in some of the early Tarzan movies, "St. Louis Blues", "The Alamo", "To Kill a Mockingbird", "In the Heat of the Night", "Lady Sings the Blues", "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka" and "Being John Malkovich". Hairston starred in John Wayne's "The Alamo (1960).

In 1961, the US State Department appointed Jester Hairston as Goodwill Ambassador. He traveled all over the world teaching and performing the folk music of the slaves. In the 1960s he held choral festivals with public high school choirs, introducing them to Negro Spiritual music, and sometimes leading several hundred students in community performances. His banter about the history of the songs along with his engaging personality and sense of humor endeared him to many students.

No matter where Hairston performed in the US, he checked the phone book for other Hairstons and was responsible for reuniting people on his family tree, both black and white. He composed more than 300 spirituals. All of his research and work has been documented for history. He was the recipient of many honorary doctorates, including a doctorate from The University of Massachusetts in 1972, and another in music from Tufts in 1977.

Hairston appeared on TV's "The Amos 'n' Andy Show". He had the role of Leroy on the radio program and as Henry Van Porter on the television program. He also played the role of Wildcat on the show "That's My Mama". In his senior years he appeared on the show "Amen" as Rolly Forbes. His last television appearance was in 1993 on an episode of "Family Matters". Hairston also played the role of "King Moses" on radio for the Humphrey Bogart and Lauren Bacall show "Bold Venture".

In his later years, Hairston served as a cultural ambassador for American music, traveling to numerous countries with choral groups that he had assembled. In 1985 he took the "Jester Hairston Chorale", a multi-racial group, to sing in the People's Republic of China, at a time when foreign visitors were still quite rare in that country.

Hairston died in Los Angeles of natural causes in 2000 at age 98. For his contribution to the television industry, Hairston has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame located at 6201 Hollywood Blvd. He is interred at Inglewood Park Cemetery, Inglewood, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3520139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3520139" title="Otis Young">
Otis Young

Otis E. Young (July 4, 1932 – October 12, 2001) was an actor and writer. He co-starred in a television Western, "The Outcasts" (1968–1969), with Don Murray. Young was the second African-American actor to co-star in a television Western, the first being Raymond St Jacques who co-starred on the final season of "Rawhide" in 1965, as cattle driver Simon Blake. Young played another memorable role as Jack Nicholson's shore-patrol partner in the 1973 comedy-drama film "The Last Detail", and his later film credits included the low budget horror films "The Capture of Bigfoot" (1979) and "Blood Beach" (1981).

Young was born in Providence, Rhode Island, one of 14 children. He joined the U.S. Marine Corps at the age of 17 and served in the Korean War. He then enrolled in acting classes at New York University School of Education where his classmate was the young Louis Gossett, Jr.

He trained at the Neighborhood Playhouse, and worked off-Broadway as an actor and writer in the early 1960s. He appeared on Broadway in James Baldwin's "Blues for Mister Charlie", with such notables as Diana Sands, and Al Freeman, Jr. His first movie appearance was in "Murder in Mississippi" (1965).

In 1983 Young earned his bachelor's degree from L. I. F. E. Bible College in Los Angeles and became an ordained pastor, eventually serving as senior pastor of Elim Foursquare Gospel Church in Rochester, New York, from 1986-1988. He taught acting classes at School Without Walls, a college-like alternative public high school in Rochester, from 1987 through 1991. In 1989 he joined the faculty at Monroe Community College in Rochester; he remained there as a Professor of Communications and head of the Drama Department until his retirement in 1999.

Young suffered a stroke in Los Angeles and died on October 12, 2001. He was survived by his (second) wife, Barbara, and his children,Saudia Young, Lovelady Young, El Mahdi Young, and Jemal Young. His memorial service was held at Pepperdine University's chapel.



</doc>
<doc id="3521973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3521973" title="Tad Hilgenbrink">
Tad Hilgenbrink

Tad Hilgenbrink (born Tad Davie Hilgenbrinck Quintana, October 9, 1981) is an American actor, known for his role as Matt Stifler in "", Chance Marquis in "The Curiosity of Chance" and Tyler in "The Hills Run Red".

Hilgenbrinck was born in Quincy, Illinois, and attended Quincy Senior High School, where he was actively involved in music and theater. He performed as part of the resident company for Summer 2003 at Music Theatre of Wichita in Wichita, Kansas, where he performed in the musicals "Footloose", "Oklahoma!", "Good News", "Chicago", and "The Scarlet Pimpernel". He has a BFA in Musical Theatre and a Dance minor from Millikin University and IES London. While at Millikin he spent his summers at The Little Theatre on the Square in Sullivan, Illinois, as a performing intern.

He has performed in roles such as The Artful Dodger in "Oliver!", Gideon in "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers", and Chuck Cranston in "Footloose". He polished his creative craft, studying Shakespeare intensively in London and has starred in multiple theatrical pieces including "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Chicago", and "Oliver!". After many successful performances in New York and London, he ventured to Los Angeles giving himself only two weeks to make it or go home. After winning his first major roles as well as the Showcase Showdown on "The Price Is Right", he decided to stay.

He was chosen for Matt Stifler due to his resemblance to Seann William Scott, replacing Eli Marienthal who portrayed the character in the primary "American Pie" series. He also appeared in the 2006 film "The Curiosity of Chance", a movie in which he stars as a gay high school student who moved to a new school and must learn to fit in.


</doc>
<doc id="3526281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3526281" title="David Conrad">
David Conrad

David Conrad (born August 17, 1967) is an American actor. From 2005 to 2010, he starred in the television series "Ghost Whisperer" alongside Jennifer Love Hewitt.

Conrad, the youngest of three boys, is the son of James Watson Conrad, an engineer, and Margaret Clement Conrad, a librarian. He is the great-grandson of electrical engineer Frank Conrad, great-nephew of Martin Withington Clement, who was president of the Pennsylvania Railroad 1935-1948, and great-nephew of Maj. General Charles M. Clement, commander of the 28th Division. He is a native of Swissvale, Pennsylvania, and grew up on the border of Edgewood, both suburbs of Pittsburgh. In the early 1980s, he transferred as a sophomore from Swissvale High School to The Kiski School, an all-boys preparatory school in Saltsburg, Pennsylvania, on a scholarship. Conrad graduated from The Kiski School in 1985. He studied history at Brown University, and began acting while he was there. He left Brown in 1990 and worked as a carpenter, a barista, a housepainter, and interviewed former steelworkers for a historical society in Pittsburgh.

He then went on to study theatre at New York’s prestigious Juilliard School as a member of the Drama Division's "Group 25" (1992–1996). While at Juilliard, Conrad appeared in a stage adaptation of John Irving's novel "The Cider House Rules", written by Peter Parnell and co-directed by actor Tom Hulce. In 1995 he left Juilliard prior to completing his final year, in order to accept a role in the film "Snow White in the Black Forest" starring Sigourney Weaver (released in 1997 on Showtime as "").

Conrad made his feature film debut with a small role in the 1994 film "Under Heat". In 1996, he won a role as Leo Roth on the television series "Relativity"; however, he was already committed to a Pittsburgh production of the Tom Stoppard play "Arcadia". Because the producers felt Conrad was right for the part, production on the series was later scheduled to accommodate his work on the play. Conrad went on to appear in the 1998 film "Return to Paradise" with Vince Vaughn and Anne Heche.

Continuing with his stage career, Conrad made his Broadway debut as Blythe Danner's much younger lover in a revival of Terence Rattigan's "The Deep Blue Sea" in 1998. He went on to appear in off-Broadway productions of "Troilus" and "Cressida", "Richard II" and Tom Stoppard's "Indian Ink". Most recently, in June 2009, he performed as Pale in the play "Burn This" at the New Hazlett Theater in Pittsburgh.
In 1999, Conrad appeared in the TV drama "The Weekend" with Gena Rowlands and Brooke Shields. That same year he appeared in the Hallmark Hall of Fame television movie "A Season for Miracles", opposite Carla Gugino.

He portrayed a naval lieutenant alongside Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding, Jr. in "Men of Honor" (2000) and also appeared in recurring roles on the WB series "Roswell" (1999–2002) and Fox’s dramatic series "Boston Public" (2000–2005).
In 2003, Conrad appeared in a small role in the Woody Allen comedy "Anything Else" and was cast as Detective Ed Exley in the network adaptation of "L.A. Confidential"; though the pilot was not picked up to series, Conrad soon found work on NBC’s "Miss Match", in which he tries to win the heart of professional matchmaker Kate Fox (Alicia Silverstone). The series was pulled after airing 11 of 18 episodes.

In 2005, Conrad appeared in the comedy "Wedding Crashers" with Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson, as well as landing a regular role on the CBS series "Ghost Whisperer", in which he portrayed Jennifer Love Hewitt’s paramedic husband, Jim Clancy until the series was canceled in 2010. In 2010 he was seen on an Episode of "". In 2013 he began playing the recurring role of Ian Quinn in the first season of "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.".



</doc>
<doc id="3526357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3526357" title="Jeff Richards (actor, born 1924)">
Jeff Richards (actor, born 1924)

Jeff Richards (November 1, 1924 – July 28, 1989) was an American minor league baseball player with the Portland Beavers, who later became an actor. He was sometimes credited as Dick Taylor and Richard Taylor.

He is best known for his role as Benjamin Pontipee in "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" (1954). Following this performance, he tied with George Nader and Joe Adams for the Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer. Despite this, his acting career soon floundered.

He was born Richard Mansfield Taylor in Portland, Oregon. Taylor joined the United States Navy during World War II and served until 1946.

After the war was over, Richard Taylor played shortstop for the Portland Beavers for a year and then for the Salem Senators; however, his baseball career ended after he tore a ligament and was unable to play anymore.

He then went to Hollywood to pursue a film career. His first roles included uncredited bits at Warner Bros in "The Big Punch" (1948), "Johnny Belinda" (1948), "Fighter Squadron" (1948) and "The Girl from Jones Beach" (1949).

At 20th Century Fox, he had small roles in "Mother Is a Freshman" (1949), and "Cheaper by the Dozen" (1950). He went to Columbia to make "Kill the Umpire" (1950), cast as "Richard Taylor". He played a baseball player and publicity said he used to play for Salem in the Western League and that they had spent six weeks trying to cast the role.

He got a screen test at Metro-Goldwyn Mayer and the studio changed his name to "Jeff Richards".

Richards had uncredited roles in "The Strip" (1951), "The Tall Target" (1951), and "The People Against O'Hara" (1951) and a bigger credited part in "Angels in the Outfield" (1951) as a baseball player. He was being sought to play Frank Merriwell.

Richards had small roles in "Just This Once" (1952), "The Sellout" (1952), "Desperate Search" (1952), "The Bad and the Beautiful" (1952), "Above and Beyond" (1952), and "Battle Circus" (1953). He had a slightly bigger part in "Code Two" (1953).

Richards had his first sizeable one, billed third as a ball player, in "Big Leaguer" (1954). "Seagulls Over Sorrento" (1954) was another decent sized role. Then Richards was the third lead in "Seven Brides for Seven Brothers" (1954), after Howard Keel and Jane Powell. It was a big hit and established him as a film name. MGM started to build him up as a star. Dore Schary, head of the studio, said the actor had "tremendous personal charm" and "looks like a great bet [to become a star], based on his reception til now."

MGM announced him as star of "O'Kelley's Eclipse" but it was not made. He was announced for "Forbidden Planet" but did not appear in the final film. "Bar Sinister" with Roger Moore was announced but not made.

Richards was one of Eleanor Parker's brothers in "Many Rivers to Cross" (1955) and was finally given a star part in the Western "The Marauders" (1955) playing a hero opposite Dan Duryea. He played the lead in the box-office flop "It's a Dog's Life" (1955) and had one of the male leads in the musical "The Opposite Sex" (1956).

"The Marauders", "It's a Dog's Life" and "The Opposite Sex" all lost money and MGM began to lose enthusiasm for Richards. He began working on TV, guest starring in "Man with a Choice" for "The Web" (1957) and "The Other Side of the Curtain" for "Suspicion".

Richards supported Glenn Ford in MGM's popular comedy "Don't Go Near the Water" (1957) but it was a relatively minor role. In April 1957 he secured his release from the studio.

Richards guest starred on "The Millionaire", and "Schlitz Playhouse", then co-starred with Mamie Van Doren in the Warner Bros rodeo drama "Born Reckless" (1958).

In 1958, on television, Richards played the title role in the NBC western television series "Jefferson Drum" (1958–59), the story of a crusading journalist, with Eugene Martin portraying his young son. The series was cancelled after twenty-six episodes aired over two seasons.

He also had the lead in "Island of Lost Women" (1959) made by Jaguar Productions. Richards signed a five-year contract with Jaguar to make two films a year but made no further films for them.

He guest starred in "Behind Closed Doors", "Alcoa Theatre", "Adventures in Paradise", and "Laramie" and played the role in 1961 of Jubal Evans in the episode "Incident of His Brother's Keeper" of the CBS western "Rawhide".

Richard's last lead role was in the underwater adventure "The Secret of the Purple Reef" (1960). His last role was in 1966 as Kallen in the film "Waco".

He was married to Vickie Flaxman in 1955 and they had one child (a son born in 1957) before they divorced. She later married actor Van Williams.

Jeff Richards died on July 28, 1989, aged 64 from acute respiratory failure. He is buried at Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3526428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3526428" title="Jeff Richards (comedian)">
Jeff Richards (comedian)

Jeffrey Hanson Richards (born October 21, 1974) is an American actor, stand-up comedian and impressionist. Richards has the distinction of being the first person ever to be a cast member on both "Saturday Night Live" "(SNL)" and its rival sketch show, "MADtv". He is perhaps best known for his frequent "SNL" character "Drunk Girl".

As a standup comedian, Richards has opened for the likes of Chris Kattan, Andrew Dice Clay, Rob Schneider, David Spade, Louie Anderson, and Andy Dick. He has appeared as a guest on Marc Maron's "WTF" podcast as well as on Aqua Teen Hunger Force and NBC's "Late Night".

Richards was born in Walnut Creek, California and attended Las Lomas High School. At age 17, he created and hosted his own public access sketch comedy show called "Hanson Live". He later worked for KVHS, a student-run radio station which broadcasts from Clayton Valley High School. He then attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) and, in his senior year, he joined the improvisational comedy team CHiPs. Fellow CHiPs member Zach Ward brought Richards to the comedy club Charlie Goodnights in Raleigh, North Carolina, where he performed at an open mic show; Richards would eventually go on to host at the club.

After graduating from UNC, Richards moved to Los Angeles to further develop his comedy career.

After moving to LA, Richards worked the door at The Comedy Store and eventually started to perform stand-up.

In 2000, Richards became a featured player in the cast of "MADtv", appearing in 3 episodes of the show's 6th season. The following year Richards joined the cast of "Saturday Night Live" during its 27th season, giving him the distinction of being the first person to be a cast-member of both sketch comedy shows (Taran Killam would later become the only other performer to do so). Richards was promoted to repertory status for "SNL"'s 29th season although he left the show after the 10th episode, which aired on January 17, 2004. In interviews, Richards has stated that he left the show on his own terms.

Perhaps Richards' most popular character on "SNL" was "Drunk Girl", who appeared on the "Weekend Update" segment nine times. He based the character on an audience member he encountered while performing stand-up at The Comedy Store in La Jolla, California.

In 2004 Richards appeared in the Comedy Central year-end retrospective special "Last Laugh '04" as Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly. In 2006 he again portrayed O'Reilly in episode of "Mind of Mencia" titled "Carlos Smoov".

In 2007 he appeared on episode 22 of "Comics Unleashed with Byron Allen" along with comics Jeff Jena, Natasha Leggero, and Mike Epps.

Richards has also done voice work which includes characters in the 2004 video game EverQuest II, a character in the 2006 MTV animated series "Where My Dogs At?" and in 2010 he played the voice of Brad Pitt in an episode titled ""The Wedding" of the FOX sitcom "'Til Death".

Richards produced a comedic album titled "A$$WAX" which was released on iTunes on March 3, 2009; a portion of the proceeds from the album's sales was used to fight world hunger. Richard also performed in a series of comedy benefit shows called "Asswax 4 Hunger" in 2009; the shows were hosted by friend Kato Kaelin. Richards and Kaelin also hosted a podcast called In Pod We Trust in 2011.

In 2009 Richards played the character of Jerome Murphy in episode 3 of the ABC science fiction series "FlashForward". That same year Richards appeared in the pilot episode of a sitcom created by comedian Bill Burr called "The Burr Effect" which appeared on Comedy Central; the series did not get picked up by the network.

Over his career Jeff has also appeared on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "Jimmy Kimmel Live!" and "The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn".




</doc>
<doc id="3532091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3532091" title="Kenny King (wrestler)">
Kenny King (wrestler)

Kenny Layne (born July 22, 1981) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name, Kenny King. He is currently signed to Ring of Honor (ROH), where he is a former one-time ROH World Tag Team Champion and a two-time ROH World Television Champion. He was a contestant in the second season of "WWF Tough Enough". He is also known for his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), where he was a two-time X Division Champion.

Layne grew up in Florida. He played football as a strong safety in college. Layne attended Florida State University, before transferring to the University of South Florida. He then relocated to Las Vegas, where he attended University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV). He had planned to play football at UNLV, but had to redshirt for his first season at the university. 

Layne has a daughter. Layne is also of Guyanese heritage through his father.

Layne tried out for the second season of the World Wrestling Federation's reality television program "WWE Tough Enough" after seeing an advertisement in 2002. While on the series, he was trained by Al Snow, Bob Holly, Chavo Guerrero, Jr., and Ivory. Layne was one of the four finalists of the season, which was won by Jackie Gayda and Linda Miles.

Layne then began wrestling on the independent circuit immediately following "Tough Enough". He trained under Nick Bockwinkel, and Scott Casey at the Las Vegas Wrestling Academy. In addition to wrestling under his own name, he also occasionally used the ring names "Tough Enough Kenny" and "Kenny King". Layne appeared with Ultimate Pro Wrestling in Anaheim, California on April 25, 2003. He defeated former "The Real World" cast member (and future "Tough Enough" contestant) Mike Mizanin in what was promoted as a "reality television match". In mid-2003 and early 2004 King worked for Revolution Pro Wrestling in Industry, California. Between 2003 and 2005 he worked for the Alternative Wrestling Show in California as "The Natural" Kenny King.

Layne debuted in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) on the December 3, 2005, episode of "TNA Impact!", losing to Abyss in a short squash match. He continued working for TNA throughout the end of 2005 and start of 2006, but failed to win a single match. He was used as a jobber both in singles and tag team competition, losing to wrestlers including Ron Killings, Lance Hoyt, and Monty Brown. In January 2006, he teamed with Buck Quartermaine to lose to the James Gang and Team 3D. Layne was released from TNA in August 2006.

For some of 2006 and most of 2007, King worked primarily for Full Impact Pro (FIP). He was part of the "Young, Rich and Ready For Action" (The YRR) stable with Chasyn Rance, Sal Rinauro, Steve Madison, Claudio Castagnoli and Daffney. On November 9, 2007, King and Jason Blade won the FIP Tag Team Championship by defeating the Briscoe Brothers (Jay and Mark). They reigned for over a year until December 20, 2008, when they lost the championship to Erick Stevens and Roderick Strong.

King made his Ring of Honor (ROH) debut at "Motor City Madness 2007" on September 14, 2007, alongside his YRR teammate Chasyn Rance, when they defeated Mitch Franklin and Alex Payne in a tag team match. After the match, however, the YRR cut a promo, challenging the ROH wrestlers, which led to Bryan Danielson defeating both King and Rance in impromptu singles match. Over the next several months, King competed in tag team matches with some combination of Rance, Sal Rinauro, and Jason Blade to varying degrees of success. At "Age of Insanity" in August 2008, King challenged Danielson again, but was again unsuccessful, and he went on to lose to Kevin Steen at "Night of the Butcher II" and Jerry Lynn at "Glory by Honor VII".

At "The French Connection" show, King tagged with Kenny Omega to face the Briscoe Brothers, but abandoned Omega halfway during the match, when Rhett Titus came to ringside. King and Titus left together, showing a new alliance between them. Over the next few months, King and Titus competed both in singles and tag team competition, and unsuccessfully challenged Kevin Steen and El Generico for the ROH World Tag Team Championship at "Insanity Unleashed". At "Steel City Clash", King and Titus revealed their alliance with Austin Aries, when they attacked Aries' former allies, Erick Stevens and Matt Cross, with Aries becoming a mentor to King and Titus.

The team garnered a second shot at the ROH World Tag Championship on ROH's television program, "Ring of Honor Wrestling", and picked up a series of wins during the "Double Feature II" tour of Canada, and at the "Never Say Die" and "Validation" shows. King lost to Danielson once again in singles competition at "Contention", and he and Titus were defeated by The Young Bucks at "Manhattan Mayhem III". More wins followed at "Violent Tendencies" and "End of an Age".

At the "Ring of Honor Wrestling" tapings on August 15, 2009, King beat Lynn. After the match, King and Titus attacked Lynn, and performed a spike piledriver on Lynn, removing Lynn from active competition. He continued on a winning streak, defeating Eddie Kingston and Brent Albright on "Ring of Honor Wrestling", before he and Titus defeated The Young Bucks at "Clash Of The Contenders". King was part of the initial matches to earn a place in the Pick 6 Conentenders Series rankings, but was unsuccessful. At the Final Battle 2009 pay-per-view, King defeated Roderick Strong and earned the number 4 ranking. On January 29, 2010, King faced Lynn, in Lynn's first match back. Lynn originally won the match, but attacked King after the match was over, causing the referee to reverse the decision, and award King the victory by disqualification. At The Big Bang! pay-per-view on April 3, King lost his Pick Six ranking to Davey Richards. On September 13, 2010, Ring of Honor announced that Layne had signed a contract extension with the promotion.

On November 12, 2010, King participated in ROH's Survival of the Fittest tournament. He defeated El Generico in the first round to advance to the final, a six-man elimination match, where he was the last man eliminated by Eddie Edwards. On December 18 at Final Battle 2010 the All Night Express defeated Adam Cole and Kyle O'Reilly, announcing their intention of becoming ROH World Tag Team Champions in 2011. On February 26, 2011, at the 9th Anniversary Show, King and Titus failed in their first attempt to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship, when they were defeated by The Kings of Wrestling (Chris Hero and Claudio Castagnoli). During the program with the Kings of Wrestling, King and Titus showed signs of a face turn and finalized their turn on March 19 at "Manhattan Mayhem IV", after defeating the Briscoe Brothers. However, in a bloody rematch at the second show of Honor Takes Center Stage, The Briscoe Brothers won. On September 17 at Death Before Dishonor IX, the All Night Express defeated the Briscoe Brothers in a ladder match to become the number one contenders to the ROH World Tag Team Championship. On June 24 at , King and Titus defeated Wrestling's Greatest Tag Team (Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin) to win the ROH World Tag Team Championship for the first time. After making an appearance for TNA, ROH severed its ties with King on July 5 and five days later officially stripped him and Titus of the ROH World Tag Team Championship.

When asked about his leaving Ring Of Honor,King said that "I left because there was a bigger opportunity," and "I also left because I had given ROH what I felt was a long enough period of time to convince me to stay and they did a pretty piss poor job of that."

On June 24, 2012, King's contract with ROH expired. the July 5 episode of TNA's "Impact Wrestling", King wrestled in a match, defeating Lars Only to qualify for the TNA X Division Championship tournament at Destination X. Subsequently, ROH stated that they considered this an unacceptable "breach of his verbal agreement" and severed ties with him. On July 8 at Destination X, King defeated Douglas Williams to qualify for the finals of the X Division Championship tournament. Later that same event, King was defeated by Zema Ion in the final Ultimate X match, which also included Mason Andrews and Sonjay Dutt. King returned to "Impact Wrestling" on July 26, when he was handpicked by TNA World Heavyweight Champion Austin Aries as the number one contender to Zema Ion's X Division Championship. King ended up losing the match following interference from Aries' rival Bobby Roode. The following week, King teamed with Aries in a tag team match, where they defeated Ion and Roode, with King pinning the X Division Champion for the win. Following the match, King was named the number one contender to the X Division Championship. King received his title opportunity on August 12 at Hardcore Justice, but was defeated by Ion. The following day it was reported that King had signed a contract with TNA. On the December 6 episode of "Impact Wrestling", King defeated Kid Kash and Zema Ion to become number one contender for the X Division Championship. Three days later at Final Resolution, King failed in his title challenge against Rob Van Dam. On the following episode of "Impact Wrestling", King defeated Van Dam in a non-title match, pinning him with his feet on the ropes. The following week, King teased tension between himself and Van Dam after he abandoned Van Dam in a tag team match against Matt Morgan and Joey Ryan. On the January 10, 2013, episode of "Impact Wrestling", King defeated Zema Ion to earn the right to face Christian York in a number one contenders match for the X Division Championship at Genesis. However, three days later at the pay-per-view, King was defeated by York. On the February 7 episode of "Impact Wrestling", King unsuccessfully challenged Rob Van Dam for the X Division Championship in a three-way match, also involving Zema Ion. Two weeks later, King received another shot at the X Division Championship, but was again defeated by Van Dam.

On the February 28 episode of "Impact Wrestling", King finally defeated Van Dam to win his first X Division Championship, in a match where if King had lost, he would have been out of the X Division. King made his first successful title defense on March 10 at Lockdown, defeating Christian York and Zema Ion in a three-way match. On the March 21 episode of "Impact Wrestling", King defeated Sonjay Dutt and Zema Ion in a three-way match to retain the X Division Championship. King then defended the title against Petey Williams and Zema Ion on the April 18 episode of "Impact Wrestling" and against Williams and Chris Sabin on the May 16 episode. On June 2 at Slammiversary XI, King lost the X Division Championship to Chris Sabin in a three-way Ultimate X match, also involving Suicide. King lost his rematch on the June 27 episode of "Impact Wrestling", after he was pinned by an impostor Suicide (later revealed to be Austin Aries) in a three-way match, which also included then-champion Chris Sabin and removed him from the title contention. King returned on the September 26 episode of "Impact" to confront Aries over the fake Suicide stunt, and after attacking Aries, Aries ordered a match right afterwards, which Aries won, and left King with a bad cut on his forehead.

On the March 20th edition of Impact Wrestling, a promo for King's return was announced, dubbing him a new nickname 'The King of the Night'. The following week King returned to television as a heel requesting a match from MVP. The week after, King wrestled his first televised match in over six months against MVP which ended in a no-contest after the two started brawling, igniting a feud. King continued to antagonize MVP over the next several weeks until MVP turned heel on the May 5 edition of Impact, the following week after which the two formed an alliance alongside Bobby Lashley.

Over the next few editions of Impact, King became a member of the higher-card status of the roster, attacking people such as The Wolves, Bobby Roode and Eric Young. On the June 19 edition of Impact King was given a match against Young for his first shot at the TNA World Heavyweight Championship. King lost, but helped Lashley defeat Young for the title later that night. On September 17, 2014, King and MVP antagonized former Army Sergeant and amputee wrestler Chris Melendez on his debut, resulting in a match in which King lost to Melendez and a post-match attack by King which was stopped by Mr. Anderson.

On September 18, 2014, at the tapings for the October 28 edition of Impact Wrestling, Lashley lost the World Heavyweight Championship to Roode. On January 7, 2015, King and MVP helped Lashley beat Roode to regain the championship, along with new members Samoa Joe and Low Ki as well as Roode's friend Eric Young turning on him. On the following night's tapings of the January 16, 2015, episode of Impact Wrestling, the group was officially presented as the Beat Down Clan, with the trio of MVP, Lashley and King established as having been its foundation; however, Lashley refused to act as the new unit's centerpiece, resulting in King joining the others in attacking Lashley on MVP's orders.

On the May 1 episode of iMPACT! Wrestling, Kenny King won a ladder match to begin his second reign as X Division Champion. On May 11, 2015, King lost the X Division Championship against Spud. On June 24, 2015, (aired July 1) Beat Down Clan defeated The Rising in a 4-on-3 Handicap match, forcing The Rising to dissolve. Also, Hernandez made his return to TNA, joining BDC in the progress. The Beat Down Clan was quickly dissolved after contract disputes with Hernandez and MVP and King was taken off television.

After a two-month hiatus, King made his TNA return on the September 2 episode of "Impact Wrestling", King went one on one against and lost to Bram in a losing effort. On September 23 episode of Impact Wrestling. King received a shot at the X Division Championship against Tigre Uno which he lost. After the match King left TNA.

After the Beat Down Clan dissolved, all members left TNA with the exception of King. He returned to a full-time TNA schedule and competed in 'Group Wildcard' in the TNA World Title Series along with Mahabali Shera, Crazzy Steve and Aiden O'Shea. The series and the subsequent tournament were taped in July and aired on Impact throughout the later part of 2015, after King had already returned to Ring of Honor. Due to his success in group play, King qualified for the 16-person World Championship tournament, but he was defeated in the first round by Eric Young, failing to qualify for the round of 8, In September 2015, Kenny King left TNA, confirming his departure from the company.

King made a surprise return to ROH on September 18, 2015, at All Star Extravaganza VII, reuniting with his All Night Express partner Rhett Titus in a tag team match, where they defeated the Briscoe Brothers.

In 2016, All Night Express united with Caprice Coleman to form an alliance known as the Cabinet. The Cabinet overcame Jason Kincaid, Leon St. Giovanni, and Shaheem Ali in the first round of the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship tournament, only to meet defeat at the hands of ACH, Jay White, and Kushida. The Cabinet was originally portrayed as something not be taken seriously, but in late 2016, the trio turned serious and renamed themselves "The Rebellion", eventually also adding Shane Taylor as a member. The Rebellion remained together until June 2017, when they were defeated by Search and Destroy in a match, where the losing team had to disband. This signaled both a singles push for King and a face turn.

On September 22 at Death Before Dishonor XV, King defeated Kushida to win the ROH World Television Championship for the first time. On December 15, 2017 at Final Battle Kenny King lost the ROH Television Title in a Fatal 4 Way elimination match against Silas Young, Shane Taylor and Punishment Martinez. However, King regained the title on February 10, 2018. King lost the title at Supercard of Honor XII to Silas Young in a Last Man Standing match.

On August 9, 2017, Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) announced Kenny would replace King Haku because of immigration complications, making his debut for the promotion in the 2017 CMLL International Gran Prix. On September 1, King was eliminated from the International Gran Prix "torneo cibernetico" by Valiente.

On July 22, 2003, Layne appeared in the television program "The Strip" as "Felix" in the episode "Father's Day Blues". Layne also appeared on the short lived Nickelodeon series, "My Brother and Me" on the episode titled "Dee Dee's Haircut". He was in season 2 episode 15 of "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" appearing as a Chippendale's dancer in Las Vegas. Layne appeared on the dating game show "Baggage" on March 9, 2011; he was one of three potential men for the female contestant to choose. He lasted until the final elimination round. Layne was announced as a contestant on the 13th season of "The Bachelorette", which premiered in May 2017. He pulled himself out of the competition in ninth place as he was missing his daughter. On June 26, 2018, it was announced that Layne will be on the 5th season of "Bachelor in Paradise".




</doc>
<doc id="3532986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3532986" title="Richard Bradford (actor)">
Richard Bradford (actor)

Richard Edwin Bradford (November 10, 1934 – March 22, 2016) was an American actor, known for his lead role as former CIA agent turned private eye McGill in the British television adventure series "Man in a Suitcase", made by ITC in 1967.

Bradford was born in Tyler, Texas, the son of Rose and Richard Edwin Bradford. His stepfather was a wholesale grocer. Raised by his grandparents in Conroe, Bradford received his schooling in San Antonio, before attending Texas A&M on a football scholarship.

When an injury short-circuited Bradford's budding athletic career, and a subsequent switch to baseball at Texas State University was stymied due to insufficient semester hours, Bradford finally decided to seriously pursue a long-contemplated career in acting. To this end he made his way to New York.

Supporting himself by waiting tables, Bradford studied acting, first with Frank Corsaro, and finally, in 1962, was admitted to the Actors Studio, where he studied for two years, leading to roles in Studio productions such as "Mother Courage" (1963), June Havoc's "Marathon '33" (1963), and "Blues for Mister Charlie" (1964). Also, he understudied Rod Steiger in the touring production of A.E. Hotchner's Hemingway-based "A Short, Happy Life" (1961), an ostensibly Broadway-bound show which folded out of town.

Eventually, Bradford's work caught the eye of another Actors Studio member, director Arthur Penn, who cast Bradford in "The Chase" (1966), where he held his own alongside Janice Rule, Martha Hyer and a host of Studio veterans, including Marlon and Jocelyn Brando, E.G. Marshall, and Clifton James, as well as newcomers Jane Fonda and Robert Redford and future member Robert Duvall. This work, in turn, attracted the attention of media impresario Lew Grade, who would bring Bradford to Great Britain in 1967 for "Man in a Suitcase". 

In addition to his numerous TV appearances, Bradford has been featured in many films, such as "The Missouri Breaks" (1976), "An Enemy of the People" (1978), "Badge of the Assassin" (1985), "The Trip to Bountiful" (1985), "The Untouchables" (1987) and "The Milagro Beanfield War" (1988), but arguably his best known film role is the corrupt police captain in the 1997 film "Hoodlum" featuring Laurence Fishburne, Andy García, and Tim Roth. Bradford also appeared in the 1989 film "Heart of Dixie", and had notable turns in Costa-Gavras' "Missing" (1982), the Kurt Russell thriller "The Mean Season" (1985) and was also in "The Crossing Guard" (1995) with Jack Nicholson. 

In the 1960s, he appeared in one episode of the television series "Gunsmoke" and guest starred in an episode of the western series "The High Chaparral". In the 1970s, he played Lutie Bascomb in one episode of "The Waltons". He guest starred in an episode of "Murder, She Wrote" in the 1980s. He also guest starred on NBC's TV series "Viper". In 1987 he starred in the miniseries "Amerika". In the mid 1980s, he was also a semi-regular cast member of the television police series "Cagney & Lacey".

Bradford was married to ballet dancer Eileen Elliott from 1965 to 1984. He was subsequently in a long-time relationship with actress Millie Perkins, with whom he had two stepchildren. He also had one son.

He died on March 22, 2016.

In 1986, The Smiths used a photograph of Bradford on the cover of their single "Panic". 

In 2004, Bradford gave a series of interviews and commentaries for a DVD release of "Man in a Suitcase", expressing mild surprise at the ongoing popularity of the series today.

Played the original Dr. Joe Gannon in the Pilot TV movie of the Medical Center TV series, Operation Heartbeat (1969) aka:UMC,University Medical Center



</doc>
<doc id="3540713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3540713" title="Duane Whitaker">
Duane Whitaker

Duane Whitaker (born June 23, 1959) is an American actor.

Whitaker was born in Abilene, Texas, the oldest child of Nathan Duane Whitaker Sr. (b. August 18, 1933 in Woodson, Texas) and Barbara Ella (née Hudson) (b. April 29, 1934 in Amarillo, Texas), a nurse. He has two younger sisters, Margaret Denise Whitaker (b. April 12, 1962) and Ramona Doyce Whitaker (b. March 24, 1963), both born in Lubbock, Texas.

Duane Whitaker is probably best known for his role in Quentin Tarantino's popular 1994 film "Pulp Fiction" as Maynard, the sadistic pawn shop owner. He wrote and portrayed the title role in "Eddie Presley" (based on his own successful stage play). Whitaker also wrote, directed and appeared in "Together and Alone".

Other notable roles include; a racist cop in "Tales from the Hood", Boss Man in "Feast", The Sheriff in "Trailer Park of Terror", Luther in "" (which he also co-wrote), Buddy in "Dead Letters", Winslow in "Broke Sky", Mickey in "Cordoba Nights" and Dr. Bankhead in "The Devil's Rejects".

Most recently Duane has appeared in the feature films "Getting Grace", "Give Till It Hurts", "The Great Illusion", "Three from Hell", "Halloween II" and "Lionhead." On TV, Duane appeared on the "Cold Case" episode "The Brush Man" and recently filmed a recurring role in the new FX Series "The Bridge" as well. Whitaker has also written numerous screenplays including "Stripteaser."

On March 31, 2010, American Cinematheque hosted a screening of "Eddie Presley" and "Together and Alone" at Grauman's Egyptian Theatre in Los Angeles. In 2016 "Together and Alone" was shown again through the American Cinematheque at Spielberg Theater with "Dead Letters". Duane has also taught Film Acting classes in Los Angeles for nearly twenty years.

Duane is a graduate of Monterey High School in Lubbock, Texas.



</doc>
<doc id="3540769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3540769" title="Roy Stuart (actor)">
Roy Stuart (actor)

Roy Stuart (July 17, 1927 – December 25, 2005) was an American character actor. He is best known for playing Corporal Charles "Chuck" Boyle on television's "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." during seasons two, three, and four from 1965 to 1968.

Born in The Bronx, New York, Stuart launched his career performing in nightclubs and theatre. His stage credits include the Broadway musicals "Beg, Borrow or Steal" (1960) and "Cafe Crown" (1964).

Stuart's TV guest appearances include "Mister Ed", "Bewitched", "The Mothers-In-Law", "Room 222", "The Governor & J.J.", "Love, American Style", "Marcus Welby, M.D.", "Santa Barbara", "Hotel", "Gidget", "Hazel", "One Day at a Time", "Sanford and Son", "CHiPs", "Scarecrow and Mrs. King", "The Golden Girls", "General Hospital", "Laverne & Shirley" and "Mama's Family". He also appeared in numerous television commercials.

A long-standing member of Theatre West, Stuart also performed in local Theatre Forty productions of "Absurd Person Singular" and "The Sunshine Boys".

Roy Stuart died at age 78 of cancer at the Motion Picture Hospital, Woodland Hills, California. He is survived by his companion, Claude Hubert. He is interred in Eden Memorial Park Cemetery, Mission Hills.



</doc>
<doc id="3540844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3540844" title="Al Hodge">
Al Hodge

Albert E. Hodge (April 18, 1912 – March 19, 1979) was an American actor best known for playing space adventurer Captain Video on the DuMont Television Network from December 15, 1950, to April 1, 1955. He played the Green Hornet on radio from January 1936 until January 1943.

Hodge was born in Ravenna, Ohio. His parents operated a tailoring and dry-cleaning business. Hodge acted and took part in sports at Ravenna High School. Nicknamed "Abie", he was a track star, a drum major and manager of the band, sang bass in the boys glee club and was a cheerleader.

Hodge graduated from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, in 1934, majoring in drama. After touring as an actor with the Casford Players, he was hired by WXYZ in Detroit, Michigan. Besides originating the role of Britt Reid, the Green Hornet, Hodge wrote and delivered daily editorials, announced at football games, wrote advertising copy, worked as a disc jockey, and produced radio dramas and documentaries, including The Lone Ranger and Challenge of the Yukon. He served in the United States Navy during World War II, and was bedridden for a year with pleurisy.

After his discharge from the Navy, Hodge worked in New York City in a variety of radio and early TV roles. In December 1950 he took over the role of Captain Video from Richard Coogan, who wanted to leave the series to concentrate on Broadway. Hodge played the role on live television Monday through Saturday at 7pm ET, and then Monday through Friday at 7pm for the last four seasons.

When the DuMont network collapsed in 1955, Hodge continued the role of Captain Video on a children's show, "Wonderama", and as the host of "Captain Video's Cartoons" from 1955 to 1957. Those programs were seen only in the New York City area.

Hodge felt that working on Captain Video had typecast him, and by the late 1960s and early 1970s he was working in increasingly low-paying jobs, eventually having to work as a security guard. He felt he was too closely identified with the role of Captain Video to gain acting parts. As late as 1978, Hodge told reporters that he was almost always recognized on the street and greeted as "Captain Video". 

He also MC'd "Super Serial" (later the series was retitled:"Serial Theater") weekday evenings on WNTA TV Ch.13 during the 1959 TV season. Hodge's last regular TV stint was hosting "The Space Explorer's Club" weekday evenings on WOR TV Ch.9 in NYC in 1961. Ironically, he hosted his last TV program as himself (information about Hodge hosting "Super Serial"/"Serial Theater" and "The Space Explorer's Club" can be found in "The NYC Kids Shows Round Up" Section of www.tvparty.com).

Hodge then moved to California, where he guest-starred on "Alfred Hitchcock Presents", "Mannix", "The Mod Squad", "Tightrope", "Hawaiian Eye", "Coronado 9" and other drama or detective series. 

Hodge largely dropped from sight after 1975. He lived for four years in the George Washington Hotel in New York City, his room crammed with collectible items from his career as Captain Video. He died there in 1979 at age 66. He is said to have lost most of his money in a divorce from his second wife.

Little is known of Hodge's private life. He married three times, and it is sometimes erroneously stated he fathered three children. In reality, he fathered a daughter, Diane, during his first marriage to Betty; the boy and girl he was frequently photographed with in the 1950s were the children of his second wife's previous marriage. Hodge and his third wife, a former showgirl, are buried in the same grave at Kensico Cemetery in Westchester County, New York.

In the first filmed episode of "The Honeymooners" ("TV or Not TV?", October 1, 1955), Ed Norton and Ralph Kramden watch a fictionalized "Captain Video" episode on their new mutually owned television set (although "Captain Video" had ended its run six months earlier).



</doc>
<doc id="3542776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3542776" title="Josh Henderson">
Josh Henderson

Joshua Baret Henderson (born October 25, 1981) is an American actor, model and singer. Henderson is best known for his lead role as John Ross Ewing III in the TNT revival of "Dallas" (2012–2014). He played Austin McCann on the ABC television series "Desperate Housewives" (2006–2007), and appeared in films like "Step Up". He became widely known after his appearance on The WB singing competition show "Popstars 2", where he was one of the winners selected to be a member of the pop group Scene 23.

Henderson was born in Dallas, Texas, the son of Sharon Lea Henderson. He grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where he graduated from Memorial High School in 2000. Due to heterochromia, Henderson's eyes are of different colors; his left eye is green, while the right is blue. Henderson graduated from Tulsa Memorial Senior High School, where he enjoyed playing sports, particularly baseball.

Henderson competed on the second season of The WB reality show "Popstars" and won a spot in the group Scene 23. After Scene 23, Henderson went on to pursue acting and modeling, as well as continuing his recording career. He appeared in advertisements for Skechers' 4Wheeler Skate shoes between 2002 and 2004. Henderson appeared in several sitcoms, such as "Maybe It's Me", "Do Over", "One on One", "Rodney" and "8 Simple Rules... for Dating My Teenage Daughter". Henderson made his film debut in the 2003 straight-to-video horror movie "Leeches!", and appeared in "The Girl Next Door" the following year.

In 2005, Henderson was cast in the lead role on the short-lived FX drama series "Over There". In film, he is best known for his role in "Step Up" (2006) as the boyfriend of Jenna Dewan's character. He later played main roles in the horror films "Fingerprints" (2006), and "April Fool's Day" (2008), as well as in the romantic comedy, "The Jerk Theory" (2009). For "The Jerk Theory," he also recorded the soundtrack album, which was released in 2009. Henderson also appeared in "Yours, Mine & Ours" (2005), "Broken Bridges" (2006), and "Rushlights" (2012). From 2006 to 2007, Henderson co-starred in the ABC comedy-drama series "Desperate Housewives" as Austin McCann, the nephew of the character Edie Britt, played by Nicollette Sheridan. From 2008 to 2009 he appeared on the CW's "90210", and guest-starred in "". In 2010, he was cast as the lead character in the unsold CW pilot, "Betwixt".

In February 2011, Henderson landed a lead role in the TNT revival of the CBS prime-time soap opera "Dallas". Henderson played the character of John Ross Ewing III, the son of Sue Ellen (Linda Gray) and J.R. Ewing (Larry Hagman). TNT's "Dallas" premiered on June 13, 2012. Several critics called Henderson the "breakout star" of the series. Henderson's onscreen chemistry with Julie Gonzalo (Pamela Rebecca Barnes) was praised in the second season. The series was cancelled by TNT after three seasons in 2014. In 2015, Henderson was cast in the male lead role opposite Christine Evangelista in the E! drama series "The Arrangement". Henderson portrayed Kyle West, one of the hottest actors in Hollywood. On May 29, 2018, the series concluded after two seasons.

In 2019, he starred in the Blake Shelton produced, "Time For Me To Come Home For Christmas", on the Hallmark Channel, which kicked off the channel's Christmas programming.

Henderson dated singer Ashlee Simpson from 2002 to 2003, from 2006 to 2007, actress Brittany Snow from 2007 to 2008 and television personality Andrea Boehlke from 2013 to 2016. Sheppard maintains that Henderson is the father of her first born son and claimed in 2008 that Henderson was denying paternity or responsibility.

On December 12, 2018, LA police arrested Henderson on suspicion of having burgled his neighbor's home on December 12, 2018. The neighbors allegedly identified Henderson with two other men on surveillance footage taken during the reported crime. "TMZ" 'reported' that Henderson has an "airtight alibi" for the night of the robbery at his neighbor's home, as he provided security footage that allegedly shows he never left his apartment. On December 19, 2018, the LAPD dropped charges against Henderson due to insufficient evidence.



</doc>
<doc id="3543428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3543428" title="Richard Coogan">
Richard Coogan

Richard P. Coogan (April 4, 1914 – March 12, 2014) was an American actor best known for his portrayal of Captain Video in "Captain Video and His Video Rangers", in five episodes, from 1949 to 1950.

Born in Short Hills, New Jersey, Coogan worked in radio for some time, including appearing as Abie Levy in "Abie's Irish Rose". He appeared on Broadway in five different productions between 1945 and 1955, all of them short-lived except for "Diamond Lil" with Mae West, and "The Rainmaker". He was still appearing on Broadway with West when he took the role of "Captain Video and His Video Rangers" on the DuMont Television Network on June 27, 1949. After the live telecast each day, ending at about 7:30 pm EST, he took a cab to the theatre where "Diamond Lil" was playing. As the popularity of "Captain Video" increased, Coogan grew less and less comfortable with both the role and the very, very low budget of the production. He left "Captain Video" in December 1950, replaced by Al Hodge, who played the part for the remainder of the run of the series, until April 1, 1955. Coogan transferred to the soap opera "Love of Life", where he played the heroic Paul Raven. 

Between 1954 and 1961, Coogan appeared in such films as "Three Hours to Kill", "The Revolt of Mamie Stover", "Vice Raid", and "Girl on the Run". On the NBC Western television series, "The Californians" (1957–1959) set in the California Gold Rush in San Francisco during the 1850s, Coogan appeared as Marshal Matthew Wayne, a character who struck most viewers and critics as a deliberate clone of "Gunsmoke"'s Marshal Matt Dillon. His co-stars included Carole Mathews in a romantic role as the young widow Wilma Fansler and later "Jeopardy!" host, Art Fleming.

He also had a continuing role on the police procedural series "Vice Raid" (1960–1961), as Sergeant Whitney Brandon. During 1951–1963 he guest-starred on a number of other television series, mainly Westerns such "Gunsmoke", "Laramie", "Bonanza", "Maverick", "Stagecoach West", "Cheyenne", "Sugarfoot", "Bronco", and "Wichita Town", as well as crime dramas, such as "Perry Mason", "Surfside 6", and "77 Sunset Strip". In 1960 Coogan appeared as Sheriff Charley Emmett on "Cheyenne" in the episode titled "Alabi for the Scalped Man." In 1960 he appeared as Hank Lawson on "Maverick" in the episode "Thunder from the North." 

Coogan retired from film and television in 1963 following an appearance on "Perry Mason" as Police Sgt. Gifford in "The Case of the Shoplifter's Shoe", and his final appearance as Luke Ryan in an episode of "Gunsmoke". In later life, he was best known as a professional golfer and golf instructor.

Coogan died on March 12, 2014 in Los Angeles from natural causes a few weeks before his 100th birthday.



</doc>
<doc id="3545379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545379" title="Robert Ri'chard">
Robert Ri'chard

Robert Andrew Ri'chard (born January 7, 1983) is an American television and film actor, known for his roles as Arnez Ballard on the UPN sitcom "One on One" and Bobby Walker on the Nickelodeon sitcom "Cousin Skeeter".

Ri'chard was born in Los Angeles, California. He is of Louisiana Creole descent.

He has starred in the Nickelodeon sitcom "Cousin Skeeter". He also made a few appearances as himself on the hit Nickelodeon game show, "Figure It Out". He played Samuel on "Touched By An Angel", a troubled teen whose brother is in prison for shooting a man. Also, he has appeared in films such as "Coach Carter" and "House of Wax". His breakout role was in the TV adaptation of Anne Rice's novel, "The Feast of All Saints", where he played the young Marcel who becomes a man within society. He has been professionally acting since the age of 13. He appeared in the movie "Light It Up" along with R&B star Usher. He attended Palms Middle School in Los Angeles, California.

Ri'chard has guest starred on many hit shows such as "Boston Public", "Touched by an Angel", "", "My Wife and Kids", and "The Jamie Foxx Show". In 2000, he starred in the Disney Channel TV movie "Alley Cats Strike". Ri'chard has appeared in the 2006 season of "Veronica Mars". In 1997, Ri'chard starred in the television special, "In His Father's Shoes", which earned him the 1998 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performer in a Children's Special. He became popular in 2001 when he got the role of Arnez Ballard on the UPN hit sitcom "One on One" alongside Flex Alexander and Kyla Pratt. That role was the most significant of his television roles. He continued to play the role until the show ended in 2006.

In the sitcom "Meet the Browns", he portrayed Derek Porter, a buffoonish frat student who lived next door to Brown Meadows. He often provided service to Brown Meadows, and was often either the mastermind or participant in Brown's antics. He debuted in season 3 as a recurring character, and in the fourth season, was promoted to a main character.
Ri’chard was considered for the role of Barry Frost in Rizzoli & Isles but the role was given to Lee Thompson Young.

Ri'chard was set to star in a new series entitled "Eight Days a Week", starring Christina Milian and Mario Lopez on the CW Television Network during the fall 2007 season, but it was canceled due to the 2007 Writers Strike before airing. On November 16, 2011, it was announced that Robert Ri'chard was cast as Jamie in the TV series "The Vampire Diaries".







</doc>
<doc id="3545568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545568" title="Jack Kelly (actor)">
Jack Kelly (actor)

John Augustus Kelly Jr. (September 16, 1927 – November 7, 1992), best known as Jack Kelly, was an American film and television actor most noted for the role of "Bart Maverick" in the television series "Maverick", which ran on ABC from 1957-62.

Kelly shared the series, rotating as the lead from week to week, first with James Garner as Bret Maverick (1957–1960) then with Roger Moore as Beau Maverick (1960–1961) and Robert Colbert as Brent Maverick (1961, for two episodes), before becoming the only Maverick (alternating with repeats from the Garner era) in the fifth season.

Kelly later became a politician, having served from 1983 to 1986 as the mayor of Huntington Beach, California.

John Augustus Kelly Jr. was born in Astoria, Queens, New York, one of four children, to Ann Mary (née Walsh) and John Augustus Kelly Sr. "Jackie", as he was called as a child, came from a prominent theatrical family. His mother, Ann "Nan" Kelly, had been a popular stage actress and John Robert Powers model. Kelly Senior was a theater ticket broker, and after he moved the family to Hollywood, entered the real estate business.

His sister, Oscar-nominated actress Nancy Kelly, was a prominent leading lady opposite Spencer Tracy, Tyrone Power, and Henry Fonda among many others across a 36-film span. His other two siblings, Carole and William Clement (July 25, 1934 – April 6, 1983), also tried show business. Kelly served in the United States Army Air Corps during World War II.

Kelly made his film debut in an uncredited role in the 1939 biopic "The Story of Alexander Graham Bell", opposite Don Ameche and Loretta Young. On July 15, 1954, Kelly played the gunfighter, cattleman, and bandit Clay Allison in the syndicated television series "Stories of the Century", starring and narrated by Jim Davis.

In 1955-1956 television season, Kelly starred in a series based on the 1942 feature film "Kings Row". He played Dr. Parris Mitchell, a young psychiatrist coping with the narrow-minded environment of his small town.

"King's Row" was one-third of the "Warner Bros. Presents" wheel series, hosted by Gig Young. It rotated at the scheduled hour of 7:30 Eastern on Tuesday with a similar television version of the popular movie "Casablanca" as well as the new ABC Western series "Cheyenne" starring Clint Walker. After the series ended in 1956, Kelly appeared in "Forbidden Planet" (1956) and "She-Devil" (1957), along with guest roles on "Fireside Theater", "Schlitz Playhouse of Stars", "Lux Video Theatre", and "Gunsmoke".

The various anti-heroic Mavericks were dapper professional poker-players roaming the Old West with the benefit of superb scripts. The series had an enormous cultural impact during a time when there were only three television networks and most cities had only three TV channels to choose from.

"Maverick"'s demanding filming schedule had caused production to lag behind early on. The producers decided to give Bret Maverick (James Garner) a brother so as not to run out of episodes long before the end of the season. Thus, Kelly was introduced as Bart Maverick in "Hostage!", the eighth episode of the series.

Kelly shared the lead with James Garner in one of the show's most-discussed episodes, "Shady Deal at Sunny Acres", on which the first half of the 1973 movie "The Sting" appears to be based. The pair also co-starred in the famous "Pappy" episode in which Garner played the brothers' much-quoted father Beauregard "Pappy" Maverick, in addition to his regular role of Bret. Aided by trick photography, Bret and Pappy play cards together in one scene (Kelly had a dual role in the episode as well, playing Bart and elderly Uncle Bentley Maverick). Bart rescued Bret at the climax of "Duel at Sundown", in which Garner first fought guest star Clint Eastwood.

Garner had first choice of which part he would play in the two-brother episodes, which delineated the brothers as "Maverick 1" and "Maverick 2" in the scripts, giving him an enormous advantage. All but one script during the show's first two years were written with Garner in mind regardless of which actor would eventually be cast. Series creator Roy Huggins insisted that the writers visualize Garner as Maverick while writing the scripts.

Although the "solo" episodes in which Bart appeared tended to be somewhat more dramatic than the often more humorous Bret episodes, Kelly displayed his comedic skills in lighter "Maverick" outings such as "Hadley's Hunters" and "The People's Friend." Kelly actually appeared in more episodes of "Maverick" than James Garner, who left the show following a contract dispute in 1960 to successfully pursue a theatrical film career. Kelly appeared in 83 episodes; Garner in only 65.

In the wake of Garner's departure, Roger Moore stepped in to play Bart's cousin Beau Maverick in fourteen episodes, sharing the screen with Kelly in three of them, while Robert Colbert appeared in two installments as a third brother named Brent, one of which briefly featured Kelly.
When "Maverick" ended in 1962, Kelly continued acting with roles in a number of films and television shows. In 1962, he played the lead in "Red Nightmare" (also known as "The Commies Are Coming, the Commies Are Coming" in its derisive 1985 video re-release incarnation) a Cold War film narrated by Jack Webb in which Kelly's character wakes up one morning to discover that America has been taken over by Communists. 
On December 30, 1963, Kelly appeared with Barbara Bain in "The Fenton Canaby Story" on ABC's "Wagon Train". Canaby is a former trailmaster with a dark secret he refuses to discuss. He is attracted to Lucy Garrison, a young woman with her own questionable past played by Barbara Bain, long before "".

Kelly co-starred in "Commandos" (1968) opposite Lee Van Cleef, and as a villain dressed almost exactly like Bart Maverick in "Young Billy Young" (1969) with Robert Mitchum. From 1969 to 1971, Kelly hosted the NBC daytime game show "Sale of the Century" but was eventually replaced by Joe Garagiola. He was also briefly a series regular in "Get Christie Love!" (1974) and "The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries" (1978), and performed many lucrative television commercial voice-overs.

In 1977 Kelly appeared as obstreperous villains for a few moments in two episodes of James Garner's series "Rockford Files". The first appearance was in the season 3 episode, "The Becker Connection," and the second was the first show of season 4, "Beamer's Last Case" as a jealous husband. In 1978, he briefly appeared as Bart Maverick and was again paired with Garner in the TV-movie "The New Maverick" and in Garner's TV series "Bret Maverick" (1981; Kelly appeared momentarily at the end of the final episode of the show and would have become a regular had it been renewed). He showed up on a 1983 episode of "The Fall Guy", costumed as Maverick but basically playing himself in a storyline that rounded up many classic TV cowboys. In 1991, he reprised the role of Bart Maverick one last time in the Kenny Rogers vehicle, "".

Kelly's acting roles became less frequent in the late 1970s as he became more involved in real estate and local politics. He started buying real estate in Huntington Beach in the mid 1960s and moved there permanently in 1971.

He formed August II, Inc., to hold the real estate assets in June 1965 in Huntington Beach.

His wife, Jo, became a real estate broker and did much of the business management of the real estate business, especially while Kelly was involved with Huntington Beach city government.

During the 1980s and early 1990s he served as Huntington Beach city councilman and mayor, campaigning with the slogan "Let Maverick Solve Your Problems."

Kelly married actress May Wynn (real name: Donna Lee Hickey) on October 14, 1956. They separated in February 1964 and were divorced on October 19, 1964. She stated in court that they had been arguing a lot the last two years and he started staying out all night.

Following the divorce he later dated Karen Steele for a short time.

He married Jo Ann Smith in Las Vegas, Nevada on October 16, 1969. The following November their daughter Nicole was born.

On April 28, 1992 he suffered a heart attack. Jack Kelly died of a stroke at Humana Hospital in Huntington Beach, California, November 7, 1992. His daughter by his second wife, Nicole, is the founder of and executive producer at August II Productions.

Jo Kelly became an "extra" in film and television productions, helped others learn the business, and wrote a book about it, "The Truth about Being an Extra" (2006).

A Republican, he supported Dwight Eisenhower during the 1952 presidential election.



</doc>
<doc id="3545683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545683" title="Robert Colbert">
Robert Colbert

Robert Colbert (born July 26, 1931) is an American actor most noted for his leading role portraying Dr. Doug Phillips on the ABC television series "The Time Tunnel" and his two appearances as Brent Maverick, a third Maverick brother in the ABC/Warner Brothers western "Maverick" starring James Garner, Jack Kelly, Roger Moore, and Colbert.

Colbert began acting when he was a soldier based on the Japanese island of Okinawa. He was a clerk typist with a Military Police unit and also worked as a disc jockey for Radio Station KSBK-AM in the evenings. A woman in Air Force Special Services heard his voice and recruited him to act in a performance of "The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial". Hooked on acting, Colbert returned to the United States and performed on stage, where he was noticed by Mickey Shaughnessy, who recommended him to a talent agency. He gained acting experience with the Portland (Oregon) Repertory Theater.

Colbert appeared in a number of minor films, including "Have Rocket, Will Travel", and was signed to a contract with Warner Brothers and subsequently cast in the feature film "A Fever in the Blood" (1961) along with many guest appearances on television series.

In 1960, he appeared in three episodes of the ABC/WB western, "Colt .45", including the episode "Showdown at Goldtown". Colbert plays Johnny Moore, a young ex-convict. Colbert also appeared as Bill Mannix in another 1960 "Colt .45" episode, "Strange Encounter." 

On October 28, 1960, Colbert was cast as Army Corporal Howie Burch in the episode "Two Trails to Santa Fe" of the ABC/WB western series "Cheyenne". 

Colbert's first appearance in "Maverick" was in the fourth season, in "Hadley's Hunters," playing a character called "Cherokee Dan Evans." Later that same season, in 1961, Colbert was forced by Warner Brothers to dress exactly as lookalike James Garner had in Garner's earlier role of Bret Maverick to play a new series regular called Brent Maverick. Thinking of the inevitable comparisons to Garner that were bound to ensue, Colbert said to his bosses, "Put me in a dress and call me Brenda, but don't do this to me!" Garner had been a huge success in the role and was in the process of moving into a much-anticipated theatrical movie career in the wake of winning a contentious lawsuit with Warner Brothers. Colbert played his part in two episodes and was not called back for the following season since the studio, facing a steep ratings decline after the departures of writer/producer Roy Huggins and star Garner, decided to alternate new episodes featuring only Bret and Brent's brother Bart Maverick (Jack Kelly) with reruns from earlier seasons starring Garner during the series' fifth and final season. Colbert, whose only two episodes as Brent Maverick were "The Forbidden City" and "Benefit of the Doubt," had never received enough screen time to see if he could have eventually succeeded in bolstering the ratings.

Before Roger Moore, who played Bart's cousin Beau Maverick, left "Maverick" during the same season in which Colbert appeared, the studio shot numerous publicity photographs of Colbert, Kelly and Moore cavorting in costume together that are readily accessible on Google Images; the rights to many of the pictures are currently owned by Getty Images. By the time Colbert's two episodes were telecast, however, Moore had already quit the show and Moore and Colbert never appeared together in the series itself. James Garner reminisced in his Archive of American Television interview that the studio lit Colbert darkly as well as dressing him like Garner in an attempt to mislead the public that Garner had returned but that when Colbert spoke, the audience realized that it wasn't Garner. A viewing of the episodes themselves, however, reveals that Garner was mistaken about this and that Colbert was lit normally during his shows although he was certainly dressed precisely as Garner had been earlier in the series.

In 1962 Colbert appeared as Miles Kroeger on the TV western "The Virginian" on the episode titled 
"Impasse." In 1962, Colbert played Lonzo Green in the episode "Footlights" of the ABC/WB crime drama, "The Roaring 20s." Moreover, he guest starred on most of the ABC/WB series, including "77 Sunset Strip" and "Hawaiian Eye" (seven times each), "Bronco" (six times), "Bourbon Street Beat" (three times), "Sugarfoot", "The Alaskans" with Roger Moore, and "Surfside 6" (twice each), and "Cheyenne" and "Lawman", once each.

Colbert was cast as Andy Carter, a pioneer who retrieves for sale cast-off items from wagon trains, in the 1964 episode, "A Bargain Is for Keeping", on the syndicated television anthology series, "Death Valley Days". 

Because of a business problem, Colbert requested Warner Bros. Television head Bill Orr release him from his Warners contract.

Throughout the early 1960s Colbert guest starred in a variety of popular television series including a trip back to Warners to appear in a 1964 episode of "77 Sunset Strip". Colbert made an unsuccessful 1964 television pilot for MGM Television playing the title role of "The Mayor". In 1965, he made two guest appearances on "Perry Mason" as Deputy District Attorney Snell; first in "The Case of the Grinning Gorilla," then in "The Case of the Hasty Honeymooner." 

That same year, Colbert guest-starred in an episode of "Bonanza", ""The" Meredith Smith", in which he appeared dressed almost exactly as he had as Brent Maverick only in full color with a bright blue hatband. In the episode he portrays a man called Ace Jones, who pretends to be Meredith Smith, the heir of a large estate.

Colbert's agent arranged a meeting with Irwin Allen. In 1966-1967, Colbert played the part of Doug Phillips in thirty episodes of the Irwin Allen science fiction ABC series, "The Time Tunnel", the second lead in a show about two time travelers. James Darren and Lee Meriwether starred with Colbert. Historical events like the Alamo, the "Titanic", Krakatoa, and Custer's last stand were fictionalized. Colbert later starred in a 1970 unsuccessful television pilot for Allen entitled "City Beneath the Sea" that was shown as a television movie.

In 1968, Colbert appeared in the final episode of the first season of "Hawaii Five-O".

Colbert also appeared as the character Stuart Brooks on the television soap opera, "The Young and the Restless", from March 1973 to March 1983, being honored at the show's tenth anniversary.

In 1981, Colbert and Robert Culp were suggested by CBS as possible replacements for Larry Hagman on "Dallas" after Hagman decided to hold out for more money; however, Hagman returned to the series.

In 1987, he appeared in the film parody "Amazon Women on the Moon".

Colbert was married to dancer/songwriter Dotty Harmony in 1961 for 15 years. Harmony wrote for Metric Music with Sharon Sheeley and had songs recorded by Rick Nelson. They have two children, Cami and Clay. Cami is married to filmmaker Jon Freeman (Flesh Wound Films), who produces the highly successful "Crusty Demon" series of DVDs.

Colbert is retired, though he still makes occasional cameo appearances, takes part in science fiction conventions and Western conventions all across America, and participates in celebrity golf tournaments for fundraising events.



</doc>
<doc id="3545745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545745" title="Leo Gordon">
Leo Gordon

Leo Vincent Gordon (December 2, 1922 – December 26, 2000) was an American film and television character actor as well as a screenplay writer and novelist. During more than 40 years in film and television he was most frequently cast as a supporting actor playing brutish bad guys but occasionally played more sympathetic roles just as effectively.

Gordon was born in Brooklyn in New York City on December 2, 1922. Reared by his father in dire poverty, Gordon grew up during the Great Depression. He left school in the eighth grade, went to work in construction and demolition, and then joined the New Deal agency, the Civilian Conservation Corps, in which he participated in various public works projects. After the United States entered World War II in 1941, Gordon enlisted in the U.S. Army, in which he served for two years and received an undesirable discharge. Gordon was in southern California where he and a cohort attempted to rob a bar and its patrons with a pistol. He was shot in the stomach by one of the officers making the arrest. Convicted of armed robbery, he served five years in San Quentin Prison, where he furthered his education by reading nearly every book in the library.

Gordon took advantage of the benefits accorded him as part of the G.I. Bill and began taking acting lessons at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts (ADA). During his time at the ADA, Gordon was enrolled with several future screen legends including Grace Kelly and Anne Bancroft. For a time, Jason Robards, later a two-time Academy Award winner, was Gordon's instructor. It was there where he also met his future wife, Lynn Cartwright, who would have a sporadic but lengthy career as a character actor, mainly in television. They were married in 1950 and remained together until his death a half century later. They had one child, a daughter named Tara.

Gordon started his career on the stage and worked with such luminaries as Edward G. Robinson and Tyrone Power. He was soon discovered by a Hollywood agent in a Los Angeles production of "Darkness at Noon". Over the course of his career Gordon would appear in more than 170 film and television productions from the early 1950s to the mid-1990s.

In 1954 Gordon portrayed the outlaw Bill Doolin, a native Arkansan who founded the Wild Bunch gang and operated primarily in Kansas, on the syndicated television series "Stories of the Century", starring and narrated by Jim Davis.

In 1955 he was cast on the ABC religion anthology series "Crossroads" in the role of Sergeant Leroy in "All My Love". In 1958 he appeared as Joe Brock in the episode "Desert Fury" of CBS's "Tales of the Texas Rangers", a children's program. That same year Gordon was cast as Zip Wyatt in "Three Wanted Men" of Rex Allen's syndicated Western series "Frontier Doctor". He also played a gunslinging professional killer in the pilot for the television version of "Gunsmoke"; but many changes were later instituted on the series, such as the marshal's office and Long Branch Saloon looking markedly different and the relationship between Matt Dillon and Kitty being subtly more formal as well, so the episode was buried deep in the season in the hope that viewers would not notice, which apparently worked.

Gordon was often cast to make the most of his 6'2" (189 cm) height, intense features, deep menacing voice, and icy stare. He had radiant light blue eyes. One of his earliest films was "Riot in Cell Block 11", shot at Folsom prison.

Other notable roles included that of John Dillinger in Siegel's "Baby Face Nelson", opposite Mickey Rooney as the crazed protagonist. Gordon may be most noted for his recurring character Big Mike McComb on the ABC/Warner Bross Western television series "Maverick", working from 1957 to 1960 alongside James Garner and Jack Kelly. Gordon's five appearances in the role include the much remembered episode "Shady Deal at Sunny Acres", "According to Hoyle", as well as "War of the Silver Kings", the first installment broadcast. Garner later recalled in his videotaped interview for the Archive of American Television that Gordon purposely punched him for real in one of their first scenes together and that Garner hit him back when filming the next scene. Garner and Gordon reunited in the 1970s when Gordon appeared as a dimwitted bodyguard on four episodes of NBC's "The Rockford Files".

Gordon appeared in multiple roles on Robert Stack's 1959 ABC crime drama "The Untouchables". Gordon also guest-starred on the ABC/WB western series "The Alaskans" opposite Roger Moore. He was cast as Damian in the 1961 episode "Million Dollar Suit" of the ABC/WB crime drama "The Roaring 20s." He also appeared on the NBC Western series "Empire" and "Laredo".

One of Gordon's best-remembered television appearances on CBS's "The Andy Griffith Show" in the episode "High Noon in Mayberry", in which he portrays an ex-convict who appears destined for revenge against Sheriff Andy Taylor of fictitious Mayberry. The screenwriters for the episode, Jim Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum, borrowed heavily from Gordon's brief criminal career and subsequent incarceration in order to supplement the role.

Perhaps Gordon's single most memorable film scene occurred in "McLintock!" (1963), during which John Wayne knocks him down a long mudslide after uttering the famous line "Somebody oughta belt you but I won't! I won't! The hell I won't." Another notable role was in the 1966 western "The Night of the Grizzly" opposite Clint Walker, one of the very few actors who could match Gordon's intense screen presence regarding physical size and strength. Gordon played bounty hunter Cass Dowdy, who had a soft spot for his enemy's son but would, as one character said, "...hunt anything for a price, man or animal." Somehow, Gordon managed to make his character as sympathetic as he was frightening, and in his final scene he gives his life to save the boy.

Gordon portrayed sympathetic parts when called upon to do so, including his performances in the Western "Black Patch" (1957), a film that he wrote, and in Roger Corman's civil rights drama "The Intruder" (1962), opposite a young William Shatner.

In 1965, he was cast as the troublemaker Bender in the syndicated western series "Death Valley Days" in the episode "No Gun Behind His Badge", a dramatization of the Abilene, Kansas, marshal Thomas J. Smith, depicted in the segment by Ronald W. Reagan. The episode also starred Michael Witney as Wild Bill Hickok, who succeeded Smith as marshal. In 1970 Gordon appeared as Loma Bartender on "The Men From Shiloh" (rebranded name for "The Virginian") on the episode titled "Hannah."

Gordon also appeared as ageing wrestler Milo Stavroupolis on NBC's "Little House on the Prairie", starring Michael Landon.

Gordon's final role was as Wyatt Earp in a 1994 episode of the television series "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles". He also appeared in the film "Maverick" that same year with Mel Gibson, Jodie Foster, and James Garner.

Gordon was also a prolific screenwriter and novelist. Usually credited as "Leo V. Gordon", he wrote dozens of scripts for television series and movies, sometimes writing a good role for himself. His first successful film script, "The Cry Baby Killer", featured a young and unknown Jack Nicholson. Among the more notable feature films he wrote was "You Can't Win 'Em All" (1970) starring Tony Curtis and Charles Bronson. He also wrote the screenplay and appeared in "Tobruk" (1967), which starred Rock Hudson and George Peppard and was directed by Arthur Hiller. As a television screenwriter he wrote nearly 50 scripts apiece for "Bonanza", "Cheyenne" and "Maverick", in the episodes in which he was not a guest star. In the 1970s he appeared frequently as well on the popular police drama "Adam-12", another show that he often scripted. Gordon once told an interviewer that because of his imposing size he never felt he was fully accepted as a screenwriter: "Writing is more rewarding than acting, but look at my face. Nobody believes I’m a writer. I should be 5' 8", 142 pounds, wear patches on my elbows and horn-rimmed glasses and smoke a pipe. That's a writer!" In addition to his script work for films and television Gordon wrote or co-wrote several novels, including the historical Western "Powderkeg".

In contrast to his screen persona Gordon was a quiet, thoughtful and intelligent man who generally avoided the Hollywood spotlight. He was widely regarded by his fellow actors and his directors as a well-prepared professional. In 1997 he received the Golden Boot Award for his many years of work in westerns. In accepting the award the actor simply flashed a smile for his fans and remarked, "Thank God for typecasting!"

After struggling with a brief illness, Gordon died of cardiac failure in his sleep, aged 78, at his home in Los Angeles, California, on December 26, 2000. His ashes and those of his wife, who died in 2004, are interred together in a memorial display in a columbarium at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Los Angeles.





</doc>
<doc id="3545880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545880" title="John Dehner">
John Dehner

John Dehner (born John Forkum; November 23, 1915 – February 4, 1992) was an American actor and animator. He played roles in radio, television, and film, often as droll villains. Between 1940 and 1989, he appeared in over 260 films, television series, and made-for-television movies.

Dehner was born in Staten Island, New York City.

He initially went into art after studying at the Grand Central School of Art in New York City, New York. He worked as an animator at Walt Disney Studios in Burbank.

Dehner's early radio jobs included being a news editor and a disc jockey. While working at KFWB in Los Angeles, California, he was a member of a news team that won a Peabody Award for its reporting on the first United Nations conference.

Possessing a deep, resonant voice, Dehner had an extensive career as a radio actor and was once recognized by "Radio Life Magazine" as having the entertainment industry's "best radio voice". He performed as a lead or supporting player in such series as "The Whistler", "Gunsmoke" and "Philip Marlowe." He also starred as Paladin in the radio version of "Have Gun – Will Travel", one of the few times a show began on television and then was later adapted for radio. On CBS Radio in 1958, he starred in the series "Frontier Gentleman", a Western that opened with a trumpet theme by Jerry Goldsmith and the following introduction:

Written and directed by Antony Ellis, the short-lived series followed the adventures of journalist Kendall as he roamed the West in the post-Civil War United States searching for dramatic stories for his newspaper.

Over a 45-year movie career in Hollywood, between 1940 and 1986, Dehner appeared in no fewer than 126 feature films and shorts. He played Sheriff Pat Garrett in Gore Vidal's "The Left Handed Gun" opposite Paul Newman as Billy the Kid.

He appeared too in "Scaramouche" (1952) as Doutreval of Dijon; and he played a district attorney in "Please Murder Me", an American film noir film released in 1956, a production directed by Peter Godfrey and starring Angela Lansbury and Raymond Burr. The following year, he performed a non-singing role of Mr. Bascombe, the mill owner and intended robbery victim, in the film version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "Carousel". In 1957, he was cast in the film "The Texas Rangers".He also played the villain in "The Man from Bitter Ridge 1955 Western Movie" with Lex Barker as the good guy.

In the summer of 1955, he was cast as a United States Army captain with in the live 11-episode NBC summer series "The Soldiers", a military comedy produced and directed by Bud Yorkin. One of Dehner's more memorable roles during this period is in the episode "Crack-Up" of the long-running Western "Gunsmoke". In that 1957 episode he portrays Nate Springer, an unpredictable, psychopathic gunman who coldly kills a small dog on the main street of Dodge City before he faces Marshall Dillon in a classic showdown.

In the 1958 episode "Twelve Guns" on NBC's Western "Cimarron City", Dehner portrays a prosperous area rancher whose outlaw son, played by Nick Adams, joins a gang that demands $50,000 from the citizens of Cimarron City.

In 1960, Dehner was cast as Major Randolph in the episode "Friend of the Family" on the CBS western "The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun.

Dehner guest starred twice in the western TV series Bonanza: he played Captain Pender in the 1960 episode "The Mission" and he portrayed Jean Lafitte in the 1964 episode "The Gentleman from New Orleans".

Late in 1962, Dehner guest-starred as Dan Tabor in the episode "Echo of a Man" of the NBC western with a modern setting "Empire", starring Richard Egan as rancher Jim Redigo.

Of all the television series on which Dehner performed over the years, his 12 appearances on the long-running series "Gunsmoke" perhaps showcased best the full range of his acting talents. Between 1955 and 1968, he portrayed a diverse cast of characters, such as a psychotic gunman in the episode "Cracked Up", a pathetic town drunk in "The Bottle", a dejected and childless farmer in "Caleb", a brain-damaged freight operator who undergoes a drastic personality change in "Ash", and a timid resident of Dodge City who gains fleeting celebrity after killing an outlaw in the episode "The Pariah". In 1966, as Morgan Starr, episode "One Spring Like Long Ago" that included Warren Oates, and as Marshall Eliazer Teague, both in the 90 minute TV western series "The Virginian" in the 1969 episode titled "Halfway Back from Hell"

Dehner was married twice, the first time in 1941 to Roma Leonore Meyers, with whom he had two children. Three years after the couple's divorce in 1970, he wed Evelyn Severance. They remained together for 19 years, until his death.

In 1992, at the age of 76, Dehner died from complications of emphysema and diabetes in Santa Barbara, California. His interment was at Carpinteria Cemetery in Carpinteria, California.




</doc>
<doc id="3545940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3545940" title="Will Hutchins">
Will Hutchins

Will Hutchins (born Marshall Lowell Hutchason; May 5, 1930) is an American actor most noted for playing the lead role of the young lawyer from the Oklahoma Territory, Tom Brewster, in sixty-nine episodes of the Warner Bros. Western television series "Sugarfoot", which aired on ABC from 1957 to 1961. Only five episodes aired in 1961, including the series finale on April 17. (The "Encyclopedia of Television Shows" erroneously indicates that "Sugarfoot" aired from 1957 to 1963.)

Hutchins was born in the Atwater Village neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. As a child, he visited the location filming of "Never Give a Sucker an Even Break" and made his first appearance as an extra in a crowd.

He attended Pomona College in Claremont, California, where he majored in Greek drama. He also studied at the University of California at Los Angeles, where he enrolled in cinema classes.

During the Korean War, he served for two years in the United States Army as a cryptographer in Paris, serving with SHAPE.

Hutchins began acting and got a role on "Matinee Theatre".

Hutchins was discovered by a talent scout for Warner Bros., who changed his name from Marshall Lowell Hutchason to Will Hutchins. The young actor's easygoing manner was compared to Will Rogers, the Oklahoma humorist.

His contract led him to guest appearances in Warner Bros. Television programs, such as "Conflict", in which he appeared in three hour-long episodes, including his screen debut as Ed Masters in "The Magic Brew" on October 16, 1956.

Hutchins was also cast as a guest star on "Cheyenne", "Bronco", "Maverick" and "77 Sunset Strip".

He had small roles in the Warners movies "Bombers B-52" (1957), "Lafayette Escadrille" (1958), and "No Time for Sergeants" (1958) where he screen tested for the lead of Will Stockdale with James Garner playing the psychiatrist.

Hutchins leapt to national fame in the lead of "Sugarfoot".

During the series' run he guest-starred on other Warner Bros shows such as "The Roaring 20's", "Bronco", and "Surfside 6".

Warners tried him in the lead of a feature, "Young and Eager" (1961) aka "Claudelle Inglish" with Diane McBain.

He tried another pilot for a series, "Howie", that was not picked up and war in the Warners war film with Jeff Chandler, "Merrill's Marauders" (1962), a picture filmed in the Philippine Islands and Chandler's last acting role.

After this Hutchins left Warners.

Hutchins guest-starred on "Gunsmoke" and "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour".

While appearing in a play in Chicago in late 1963, he was flown to Los Angeles to shoot a television pilot for MGM, Bert I. Gordon's "Take Me to Your Leader", in which Hutchins played a Martian salesman who came to Earth. Though the pilot was not picked up, it led MGM to sign him for "Spinout", in which he co-starred as Lt. Tracy Richards ("Dick Tracy" backwards) alongside Elvis Presley.

Also in 1963, he appeared on an episode of Gunsmoke. In S8/Ep24, "Blind Man's Bluff", his character was Billy Poe.

In 1965, Hutchins co-starred with Jack Nicholson and Warren Oates in Monte Hellman's "The Shooting".

In 1966, he made a guest appearance on the CBS courtroom drama series "Perry Mason" as murderer Don Hobart in "The Case of the Scarlet Scandal". (He later also appeared as Dan Haynes in The New Perry Mason in 1973 in the episode, "The Case of the Deadly Deeds". Actress Jodie Foster was in this same episode.)

In 1966–1967, he co-starred with Sandy Baron in "Hey, Landlord", set in a New York City apartment building. The program followed "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color", but it failed to attract a sustaining audience against CBS's "The Ed Sullivan Show" and ABC's "The F.B.I." with Efrem Zimbalist Jr., his former Warner Brothers colleague.

Hutchins was reunited with Presley in "Clambake" (1967).

In 1968–1969, Hutchins starred as Dagwood Bumstead in a CBS television version of the comic strip "Blondie".

He travelled to South Africa to appear in "Shangani Patrol" (1970) playing Frederick Russell Burnham.

Back in the United States, Hutchins guest-starred on "Love, American Style", "Emergency!", "Chase", "Movin' On", "The Streets of San Francisco", and "The Quest". He was in "The Horror at 37,000 Feet" (1973), "Slumber Party '57" (1976), and "The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington" (1977).

He also began appearing in circuses as Patches the Clown.

Hutchins had roles in "Roar" (1981), "Gunfighter" (1999) and "The Romantics" (2010).

Hutchins was married to Chris Burnett, sister of Carol Burnett, with whom he had a daughter.




</doc>
<doc id="3546120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3546120" title="Charles Frank">
Charles Frank

Charles Reser Frank (born April 17, 1947) is an American actor noted for playing Bret Maverick's cousin Ben Maverick in the 1978 TV-movie "The New Maverick" with James Garner and Jack Kelly, and in the short-lived 1979 television series "Young Maverick". He graduated with the class of 1969 from Middlebury College in Vermont.

From 1970-74 (and again in 1988 and 1995), Frank played Dr. Jeff Martin on the ABC soap opera "All My Children". In 2006, it was announced that the character would be taken over by John James, formerly of ABC's "Dynasty" series.

He also appeared twice on two episodes of "M*A*S*H" and once on the CBS family drama, "Three for the Road". In 1977 Frank costarred with Deborah Winters and Claude Akins in the television horror film, "", directed by Stuart Hagmann. In 1977 Frank played the murder victim in the "Columbo" episode entitled, "Try And Catch Me". Also in 1977, Frank played Todd Seymour in the "Hawaii Five-O" episode "Practical Jokes Can Kill You". In the second season of "Barney Miller" he appeared in the episode "Massage Parlor".

In 1977, he appeared as Edmund Galvin in S07E01: "Try and Catch Me" in Columbo TV series.

In 1979, he appeared as Lester Hackett in four episodes in the CBS miniseries "The Chisholms"; when the production resumed in 1980, he was replaced in the role by Reid Smith. In 1982, Frank portrayed independently wealthy Stanley Beck on the short lived series "Filthy Rich". He costarred with Dennis Weaver in CBS's short-lived (1983–84) "Emerald Point N.A.S.". Frank played Jack Warren, who was married to Susan Dey's character, Celia Mallory, who in the series divorces him to marry another lieutenant, Simon Adams, played by Richard Dean Anderson, later ABCs "MacGyver".

His film credits include "The One and Only" (1978), "The Other Side of the Mountain Part 2" (1978) and "Mrs. Delafield Wants to Marry" (1986). In 1983 Frank played astronaut Scott Carpenter in the movie version of Tom Wolfe's novel "The Right Stuff". He also appeared as the husband of his real-life wife Susan Blanchard in the 1987 film "Russkies".

In 2004, Frank narrated "", a mockumentary based in an alternate timeline in which the Confederacy won the American Civil War.

It was on the set of "All My Children" that Frank met his wife Susan Blanchard, who played his character's wife, Mary Kennicott Martin. They married in 1977 and have one child.



</doc>
<doc id="3546174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3546174" title="Archie Kao">
Archie Kao

Archie David Kao (born December 14, 1969) is an American actor. He is best known to American audiences for series regulars roles on "Chicago P.D.", "Power Rangers Lost Galaxy" as well as long-running hit "".

Born in Washington, D.C., Kao grew up in the suburbs of Alexandria, Virginia.

While attending George Mason University, Kao joined the Sigma Chi fraternity and graduated with a degree in Speech Communication.

As an undergraduate, Kao was elected Student Government President as well as the University's Homecoming King. He initially had plans to attend Law School and work in politics before becoming an actor.

Kao also speaks and understands Mandarin Chinese because he grew up in a bilingual household with two younger sisters but is more comfortable speaking in English, especially in interviews. He also studied French for six years.

He was named one of "People"s "Hottest Bachelors" in 2006. Kao currently divides his time between Los Angeles and Beijing.

Through the early 2000s, Kao may have been best known for his role as Archie Johnson in the hit television series "", as well as the role of Kai Chen, the Blue Ranger, in "Power Rangers Lost Galaxy". He has also appeared on TV shows such as "Desperate Housewives" (as Steve), "ER" (as Yuri), NBC's "Heroes", "Century City", "Huff" (as Kane), "Power Rangers Wild Force" (as General Venjix), "Once and Again" (as Steven), "L.A. Firefighters" (as Peter), "Maybe This Time" (as Takeshi) and more.

In 2013, Kao joined the cast of the NBC TV series "Chicago P.D." (a spin-off from "Chicago Fire") as a series regular, a character named Detective Sheldon Jin who is in charge of surveillance at the Chicago Police Department Intelligence Unit.

Kao shares his birthday with fellow "Power Rangers" actress Thuy Trang (1973–2001), who played the original Yellow Ranger, Trini Kwan, in "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" from 1993 to 1994.

Kao appeared as Sebastian in Wayne Wang's "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan", and starred as the main romantic lead, Jefferson, in Quentin Lee's "The People I've Slept With". Kao also played Edwin Luke, the brother of Keye Luke in Timothy Tau's short film bio-pic "Keye Luke", which premiered at the 2012 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival and which was Closing Night Film of the inaugural 2013 Seattle Asian American Film Festival. Kao has recently signed on to a thriller film from China entitled "The Deathday Party" opposite Anita Yuen, which is also being shot in the ancient Chinese Alu Caves of Yunan. Kao played Shum in Michael Mann's film "Blackhat" (2015). Kao has also had roles in films such as "The Hills Have Eyes 2" (as Han), "" (as Shangrek), "When In Rome" (as Nobu), and Jet Li's "The One" (as Woo).

Kao provided the voice of Kenji in the videogame "" as well as various voices in "NARC".

Kao wrote, directed and produced a short film entitled "Initiation" (2011), which starred Ashley Bell and Kao's CSI co-star Marc Vann. The film is about an assassin trainee (Bell) who struggles with initiation day jitters under her mentor (Vann). Kao also produced and starred in a short film (as Jin) directed by Jerry Chan entitled "Fast Money" (2006).

In May 2014, Chinese actress Zhou Xun posted a picture of Archie and herself on her team's Weibo account, announcing that they were dating.

On July 16, 2014, Kao and Zhou were officially married on stage after a charity event in Hangzhou, China.



</doc>
<doc id="3548453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3548453" title="Michael Vale">
Michael Vale

Michael Vale (June 28, 1922 – December 24, 2005) was an American character actor famous for being the longtime sleepy-eyed mascot "Fred the Baker" for donut chain Dunkin' Donuts, with his famous catchphrase "Time to make the donuts." He was featured for 15 years until he retired in 1997, having done more than 1,300 television commercials. Vale also reprised the role for commercials for the short-lived Dunkin' Donuts Cereal. He died of complications from diabetes at age 83 in Manhattan at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, and was cremated.

Growing up in Brooklyn, New York, Vale was dubbed "the actor" by his childhood friends because of his ability to imitate ballplayers and celebrities. After serving in the U.S. Army Signal Corps in Europe during World War II, he studied at the Dramatic Workshop at The New School with classmates Tony Curtis, Ben Gazzara, and Rod Steiger.

One of his earliest appearances was in a summer stock production of George Bernard Shaw's "Androcles and the Lion". Vale later described his modest role: "I was thrown to the lions."

He was a longtime spokesman for Kraft Foods' Breakstone line of cottage cheese and sour cream products, for whom he portrayed long-suffering dairy owner "Sam Breakstone". The focus on those commercials is Sam's dedication to quality, usually with Sam having a comedic "eureka" moment on how to make a better product.

Vale appeared in several television series, including "Car 54, Where Are You?" in the 1960s and "The Cosby Show" in 1987. On the big screen, he was a cab driver in "A Hatful of Rain" in 1957 and a jewelry salesman in "Marathon Man" in 1976. The actor described working with British leading man Laurence Olivier in "Marathon Man" as "the most wonderful experience of my life."

Vale got the role of Dunkin' Donuts' Fred the Baker via a casting call. He was told that another actor was to be cast in the role of the baker, but was encouraged to come to the audition anyway in case he was needed as an extra. 300 actors participated in the casting call, including well-known character actor Lou Jacobi. Ally & Gargano creative director Ron Berger said that Vale got the role because of his likeability and believability: "Michael was 100% believable. He looked and talked and walked and breathed like he was a guy who got up at 4 a.m... Lou was good. But when it came to the final decision, Michael was the donut maker. After watching 300 people as Fred, Michael still made us laugh."

The character was so well-liked by Dunkin' Donuts customers that when the character was retired as a result of moving the advertising account from ad agency Ally & Gargano to Euro RSCG, Dunkin' Donuts surveyed its customers on how to end the character. Euro decided to explicitly acknowledge the "retirement" of Fred the Baker with a campaign that included celebrity retirees such as Bob Dole, Larry Bird, and Sugar Ray Leonard providing Fred with advice on his retirement.

On his death in 2005, Dunkin' Donuts released a statement, noting that Fred the Baker "became a beloved American icon that permeated our culture and touched millions with his sense of humor and humble nature."



</doc>
<doc id="3549673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3549673" title="Josh Casaubon">
Josh Casaubon

Joshua Thomas Casaubon (born August 16, 1978) is an American actor and producer, best known for his role as Hugh Hughes on the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live" (2005–06).

Casaubon was born in Brunswick, Maine, and was raised in Nashua, New Hampshire and Southbridge, Massachusetts. After serving four years in the U.S. Army, he moved to New York City in 2001 to pursue an acting career. He is a distant relative of French actress Janine Darcey.

Casaubon is perhaps best known for portraying Assistant District Attorney Hugh Hughes on the ABC soap opera "One Life to Live", a role he played from June 2005 to September 2006.

Since leaving "One Life to Live", Casaubon has had guest roles on "Law & Order" (2007), "Law & Order SVU" (2007), "Army Wives" (2007), "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" (2012), "Damages" (2009), and small roles in the films "The Good Shepherd" and "Twelve".


</doc>
<doc id="3550263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3550263" title="Edward Hibbert">
Edward Hibbert

Edward Hibbert (born 9 September 1955) is an English-American actor, voice actor and literary agent. He played Gil Chesterton in the TV series "Frasier". He also voiced Zazu in both "" and "The Lion King 1½".

Hibbert was born on Long Island, New York, the son of actor Geoffrey Hibbert. He has one sister. He was brought up in England, where he attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. He returned to the US in the mid-1980s.

Hibbert had a starring role as Faulconbridge in the BBC's production of "The Life and Death of King John", published in 1984. He has appeared on Broadway and in major regional theatre productions, worked in television as a series regular and guest star and also had roles in major films. In 1993 he won an Obie Award for his co-starring role of "Sterling" in Paul Rudnick's "Jeffrey". His "Frederick Fellows/Philip Brent" in the National Theatre revival of "Noises Off" (presented at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre) was called "delightfully discombobulated" by one reviewer. Hibbert was in the Broadway musicals "The Drowsy Chaperone" and the 2007 premiere of "Curtains" (which reunited him with his "Frasier" co-star David Hyde Pierce). He appeared on Broadway as "Mr. Praed" (the architect) in Roundabout Theatre's 2010 production of "Mrs. Warren's Profession" starring Cherry Jones. He appeared on Broadway in the new musical "It Shoulda Been You" in 2015, again working with David Hyde Pierce, this time with Pierce as the director.

He guest-starred on TV shows including "Cosby", "Murder, She Wrote" and "" but is probably best known for his recurring role on "Frasier" as Gil Chesterton, KACL's haughty, effeminate restaurant critic.

As a voice actor, Hibbert has been the voice of Evil the Cat on the "Earthworm Jim" TV series, and the voice of Zazu in "" and in "The Lion King 1½", replacing Rowan Atkinson (who voiced him in the original film). His appearances in films include "The Prestige", "Taking Woodstock", and "The First Wives Club".

He is also a literary agent and a partner in the literary agency Donadio & Olson, Inc. He has authors Chuck Palahniuk, Christopher Bram, Steven DeRosa, and Ed Sikov among his clients and has also represented film rights for "Fight Club" and "Gods and Monsters" plus others.



</doc>
<doc id="3550324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3550324" title="Patrick Kerr">
Patrick Kerr

Patrick Kerr (born January 23, 1956) is an American television actor. He is probably best known for his recurring role as Noel Shempsky on "Frasier".

He has appeared on "Curb Your Enthusiasm" as a blind pianist and acquaintance of Larry, on "ER" as a patient who was attacked by a group of schoolgirls after he flashed them, and on "Seinfeld" as a New York Yankees employee whom George causes to break down. Other television appearances in Kerr's repertoire are on "Law & Order", "The Drew Carey Show", "3rd Rock from the Sun", "Will & Grace", "Friends" and the "Friends" spin-off "Joey". He also appeared in the Disney Channel's series "Jessie" as "Clement Brulee".

His Broadway debut was in the 2014 remake of "You can't take it with you" as Mr DePinna the fireworks expert. His costar was James Earl Jones among others.

He is also active on the American stage, appearing in productions at California Shakespeare Theater, South Coast Repertory, and Berkeley Rep, among others. In 2007, he appeared in the short films "Random Acts of Kindness", "Die Hardly Working", "Anklebiters", "Girl Trouble", "Goldfish", "Time Upon A Once", and "The Losers" which were produced during the reality show "On the Lot".

He starred as Zazu in Disney's "The Lion King" at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas until its closure.


</doc>
<doc id="3550435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3550435" title="Tom McGowan">
Tom McGowan

Thomas "Tom" McGowan (born July 26, 1959) is an American actor. He first become known for his stage career both on and off Broadway. In 1991, he was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Play for his Broadway debut performance in "La Bête". In 2011, McGowan also was also chosen to step into the role of the Wizard on "Wicked" on Broadway. In 2014, McGowan starred in Harvey Fierstein's original Broadway play, "Casa Valentina" which was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Play. Since then he has appeared in the Broadway revivals of "She Loves Me" (2016) and "Kiss Me Kate" (2019).

He is also known for his recurring role on the Emmy Award winning NBC show "Frasier", as KACL station manager Kenny Daly. He has also appeared on a variety of shows including "Everybody Loves Raymond", "The Practice", "ER", "Desperate Housewives", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Modern Family", "Veep" and "The Good Fight". 

He has appeared in films such as "Heavyweights", "Sleepless in Seattle", "The Birdcage", "As Good as it Gets", "True Crime", "Ghost World", and "Bad Santa".

On Broadway he appeared in "La Bête" (1991), for which he received a Tony Award nomination for Best Actor in a Play. Off Broadway, he won an Obie Award for his performance in Nicky Silver's play "The Food Chain". He played the role of Pat Finley in the 1995 movie "Heavyweights" and the role of Patrick Fisher in the 2006 movie "Twelve and Holding".

McGowan has been performing the role of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz in various companies of "Wicked" since 2009. He first played the Wizard in the original Second National Tour production, beginning March 7, 2009. He finished with the touring company on December 6, 2009, transferring to the San Francisco production, playing the Wizard from December 22, 2009 through September 5, 2010, when the production closed. He then returned to the Second National Tour, resuming performances on January 11, 2011 and concluding his performances on the tour on April 17, 2011.

McGowan joined the Broadway company of the show from May 3, 2011 through February 5, 2012. Thereafter, he moved to the show's First National Tour, playing the role from August 2012 through April 2013. He has since performed the role on Broadway intermittently, including from August 13, 2013 through February 22, 2014, and onward from July 15, 2014. 

McGowan played the role in the West End production of the show from September 21, 2015 through March 12, 2016.

McGowan was in the 2016 Broadway revival of "She Loves Me" as Ladislov Sipos.

McGowan grew up in Belmar, New Jersey. He graduated from Belmar's St. Rose High School in 1977. Upon graduation from high school, he attended Hofstra University and the Yale School of Drama, from which he graduated with a Master of Fine Arts degree in 1988. He and his wife, Cathy, have a son, Mark (born May 5, 1992) and a daughter, Mary (born February 10, 1995).


</doc>
<doc id="3551690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3551690" title="Raviv Ullman">
Raviv Ullman

Raviv "Ricky" Ullman (; born 24 January 1986), is an Israeli-American actor, director, and musician. He is best known for playing Phil Diffy, the main character in the Disney Channel series "Phil of the Future".

Ullman was born in Eilat, Israel, to American Jewish parents Laura (née Ehrenkranz), a teacher, and Brian Ullman, a printer. He has a younger sister and younger brother named Tali and Nadav, respectively. After his first birthday, his family left their kibbutz in Israel for Norwalk, Connecticut, United States, and then to Fairfield, Connecticut the following year. When Ullman was younger, his father worked as a clown. While attending summer camp, he played Peter Pan, which helped him discover his talents in acting, singing, dancing, and reading drama novels.

Ullman was raised in the Conservative and Orthodox denominations of Judaism. His maternal grandfather, Joseph Ehrenkranz, was an Orthodox rabbi in Stamford, Connecticut. Ullman is a first cousin, twice removed, of Connecticut Senator Joe Lieberman. Lieberman's mother and Ullman's matrilineal great-grandmother were sisters.

Ullman taught himself how to play the trombone. Ullman was selected to attend the Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership Foundation (HOBY) youth leadership program of Connecticut in March 2002 where he was selected as the "outstanding ambassador" enabling him to attend the HOBY World Leadership Congress in the summer of 2002. He went to Hillel Academy and is a graduate of Fairfield Warde High School. He was active in National Conference of Synagogue Youth.

Ullman's first professional role was as Louis in the national touring company of "The King and I" along with Jesse McCartney. Other productions he worked on include "Peter Pan" at the Polka Dot Playhouse, "The Music Man" with the New England Repertory Company, and "Just People" at the Long Wharf Theatre. He received a 1998–1999 Best Actor nomination from the Connecticut Critics' Awards for his character Stanley in Stamford Theater Work's "A Rosen by Any Other Name". He had small roles in film and television shows, notably portraying Christopher Knight in the 2000 movie "Growing Up Brady".

Ullman is best known for his starring role as Phil Diffy, a teen from the year 2121 on Disney Channel's "Phil of the Future", a series that debuted June 2004. He also starred as Roscoe in Disney's made-for-television film "Pixel Perfect." During this period, Ullman appeared in other Disney Channel programming, such as a guest role on "That's So Raven", and was an identified member of the Disney Channel Circle of Stars, appearing with other members of the Circle in the music video for "A Dream is a Wish Your Heart Makes," where he sang as well as played the drums.

In 2004, Ullman starred as Sam in ABC Family's television film "Searching for David's Heart". He appeared in a string of independent films including "The Big Bad Swim" and "Driftwood" (2006), "Normal Adolescent Behavior" (2007), and "Prom Wars" (2008). During this period, he guest-starred in TV shows like "Big Love" and "".

Ullman was cast as Kip in the Lifetime sitcom "Rita Rocks", which premiered in 2009. His character was the drummer in the titular character's band and her daughter's boyfriend. The show was canceled after two seasons.

While Ullman previously went by the stage name Ricky, he started using his real name in 2006 when he guest-starred on an episode of "House" and continued to use Raviv on all projects since.

In June 2006, Ullman and a few of his friends created parody hip-hop music videos under the name the Webee Boys. In December 2006, Ullman met actor Douglas Smith of "Big Love" fame and together they formed a band called Goodbye Ian. The group expanded to as many as seven people and later changed its name to His Orchestra. Ullman plays drums and glockenspiel in the band, which released its debut album, "Field Guide to the Wilds", on February 24, 2009.

After completing "Rita Rocks" in 2009, Ullman had some small roles in short films, television, and film but began to focus his career on theater acting, starring in Off-Broadway and regional theater productions.

From January 2012 to March 24, 2012, Ullman starred as the character Alex in the New Group's production of "Russian Transport" Off-Broadway in New York. On April 30, 2012, it was announced that Ullman joined the cast of Alena Smith's new Off-Broadway play "The Bad Guys". It began performances on May 22 at the McGinn/Cazale Theater on the Upper West Side in New York City. In 2014, Ullman acted opposite of Holly Hunter and Richard Chamberlain in the first revival of "Sticks and Bones. Sticks and Bones" opened November 6, 2014 and closed December 14, 2014.

Ullman starred in the 2017 benefit play "Right Before I Go" at The Town Hall.

In 2018, Ullman performed in the Roundabout Theatre Company Underground's much-lauded production of "Usual Girls" by Ming Peiffer.

Ullman is an accomplished musician and plays drums and guitar. He has worked as a touring musician, notably with Soko on her 2012 tour. Ullman was a member of the band Reputante, which released their 2013 debut on Julian Casablancas' record label Cult Records. He departed the band sometime in 2015. With Reputante members James Levy and Jimmy Giannopoulos, Ullman helped form the band Lolawolf with actress Zoë Kravitz. They released their self-titled debut EP on February 4, 2014. He left Lolawolf before the release of their first full-length record, "Come Down", in October 2014.

In October 2016, Ullman announced his project "Standing Ground", a documentary that explores the Standing Rock Sioux Nation, the North Dakota Access Pipeline and the fossil fuels industry. Production of the film took place throughout 2017.

Ullman also directs music videos.

Ullman speaks fluent Hebrew and keeps a kosher kitchen. Ullman is an environmentalist and has called himself "a fourth generation activist". He works with TAP (Teens AIDS Prevention).

Ullman lives in Brooklyn, New York.



</doc>
<doc id="3552299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3552299" title="George DiCenzo">
George DiCenzo

George Ralph DiCenzo (April 21, 1940 – August 9, 2010) was an American character actor and one-time associate producer for "Dark Shadows". He was in show business for more than 30 years, with extensive film, TV, stage and commercial credits.

DiCenzo was born in New Haven, Connecticut. He appeared in more than 30 feature films, including "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" (1977), "The Choirboys" (1977), "The Frisco Kid" (1979), "The Ninth Configuration" (1980), "Back to the Future" (1985), "About Last Night" (1986), "Walk Like a Man" (1987), "The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking" (1988), "18 Again!" (1988), "Sing" (1989) and "The Exorcist III" (1990).

He appeared in "Hotel", directed by Mike Figgis, and "Tempted", directed by Bill Bennett. He also played the late baseball commissioner A. Bartlett Giamatti in the television movie "Hustle" about disgraced baseball great Pete Rose. In 2002 George played Ennio Salieri in the 2002 video game "Mafia". George also provided the voice for Earnest Kelly in "".

In the 1981–82 television season, DiCenzo was a regular on "McClain's Law", with James Arness and Marshall Colt. He appeared in the 1977 miniseries "Aspen", the 1980 TV movie "The Night the City Screamed", and made regular appearances on "Murder, She Wrote", "Law & Order" and "NYPD Blue". 

His own series included "Equal Justice" and "Joe's Life" in the early and mid-1990s. He appeared as a guest star in the "" episode "". In the early 1990s, DiCenzo appeared on Broadway with Nathan Lane in "On Borrowed Time".

DiCenzo's voice can be heard on many commercials, audiobooks, and cartoon series. His roles in the latter include the title character in "BlackStar", and Hordak in "". He was an acting teacher in New York City and Philadelphia for several years. He apprenticed under his mentor Milton Katselas at the Beverly Hills Playhouse.

DiCenzo died of sepsis on August 9, 2010 at the age of 70. He was buried in the North and Southampton Churchyard at Churchville, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.



</doc>
<doc id="3554406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3554406" title="Andrew Duggan">
Andrew Duggan

Andrew Duggan (December 28, 1923 – May 15, 1988) was an American character actor of both film and television.

Duggan was born in Franklin in Johnson County in south central Indiana. During World War II, he served in the United States Army 40th Special Services Company, led by actor Melvyn Douglas in the China Burma India Theater of World War II. His contact with Douglas later led to his performing with Lucille Ball in the play "Dreamgirl". Duggan developed a friendship with Broadway director Daniel Mann on a troopship when returning from the war. Duggan appeared on Broadway in "The Rose Tattoo", "Gently Does It"," Anniversary Waltz", "Fragile Fox", "The Third Best Sport".

Duggan appeared in some 70 films, including "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" with Don Knotts, and in more than 140 television programs between 1949 and 1987. He was the main character in the Disney theme parks' "Carousel of Progress" and the singer of the accompanying song, "The Best Time of Your Life", subsequently updated with new voices and songs in 1993. Duggan also did voice-over work including voice-over for Ziebart's 1985 Clio Award-winning "Friend of the Family (Rust in Peace)" television commercial.

In 1957 Duggan appeared as Major Ellwood in the TV western "Cheyenne" in the episode titled "Land Beyond the Law." In 1957, Duggan played a villain in the first episode of NBC's "Wagon Train", starring Ward Bond. That same year, Duggan was cast with Peter Brown and Bob Steele in the guest cast of the first episode of the ABC/Warner Brothers series, "Colt .45", starring Wayde Preston as Christopher Colt, an undercover agent and pistol salesman in the Old West. In the opening episode, "The Peacemaker" or "Judgment Day", Duggan plays Jim Rexford; Brown is cast as Dave, and Steele as Sergeant Granger.

Duggan had a recurring role as General Ed Britt in the second and third seasons of the ABC war series, "Twelve O'Clock High". He appeared on the NBC westerns "Jefferson Drum", "Bonanza", " The Big Valley" and was also in the pilot episodes of both NBC's "The Restless Gun" and CBS's "Hawaii Five-O", as a former prisoner and an intelligence agent, respectively.

In 1959, Duggan was contracted to Warner Bros. where he was cast in ABC's "Bourbon Street Beat", in which he portrayed Cal Calhoun, the head of a New Orleans detective agency. When "Bourbon Street Beat" was canceled after a single season, the two other detectives in the series were transferred to other Warner Bros. detective series: Van Williams as Kenny Madison remained in the same time slot with a new series "Surfside 6". Richard Long as Rex Randolph assumed ailing Roger Smith's position on the hit series "77 Sunset Strip".

In 1962, Duggan starred in the 26-week ABC situation comedy, "Room for One More", with co-stars Peggy McCay, Ronnie Dapo, and Tim Rooney, a son of Mickey Rooney. The series is about a couple with two children who adopt two others.

During this time Duggan guest starred in several Warner Bros. Television series and appeared in several Warner Bros. films, including "The Chapman Report" and "Merrill's Marauders" and the television pilot "FBI Code 98". He also provide narration for several Warner Bros. film trailers.

Duggan guest starred in numerous television series in the 1960s, including the western "Tombstone Territory" in the episode "The Epitaph". He appeared as an incorrigible criminal trying to gain amnesty in the 1962 episode "Sunday" of the ABC/WB series, "Lawman", starring John Russell. In 1963, he guest starred on the short-lived ABC/WB western series, "The Dakotas".

Duggan was cast on Jack Palance's ABC circus drama, "The Greatest Show on Earth" and the NBC medical drama about psychiatry, "The Eleventh Hour" in the role of Carl Quincy in the 1963 episode entitled "Four Feet in the Morning". He played the over-protective Police Chief Dixon in the 1963 spring break film "Palm Springs Weekend", in which he attempts to prevent his daughter (Bunny Dixon played by Stefanie Powers) from seeing student Jim Munroe (Troy Donahue). In 1965, he appeared on David Janssen's ABC series, "The Fugitive". Duggan had recurring roles on CBS's 90-minute western, "Cimarron Strip", and on ABC's "The Great Adventure". 

He had roles in the 1964 film, "Seven Days in May", and played the U.S. President and an imposter in the 1967 film, "In Like Flint". Duggan was cast in a 1964 episode of "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour" entitled "The McGregor Affair". In this segment, he portrays a man who finally determines a way to get rid of his drunken wife, only to later regret what he had done and become a victim of the same fate he had planned for his wife.

In 1966 he played Father Michael in "The Eighth Day" an episode of Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre. Also, in 1966, Duggan appeared on "F Troop" as Major Chester Winster, in the episode: "The New I. G.". He also played Brigadier/Major General Ed Britt (seasons 2 and 3) in the ABC TV series 12 O'clock High.

Duggan portrayed the patriarch in a 1968–1970 series called "Lancer", in which he played cattle baron Murdoch Lancer, while James Stacy portrayed Lancer's gunfighter son, Johnny Madrid, son of Maria, Murdoch's second wife. Some six years earlier, Stacy and Duggan had appeared together, along with Joan Caulfield, in the series finale, "Showdown at Oxbend", a classic drama of the fight between cattlemen and sheepherders, on the ABC/WB western series, "Cheyenne", with Clint Walker in the title role.

Wayne Maunder portrayed the older son, Scott Lancer, who had been educated in Boston. In real life Maunder had been reared in nearby Bangor, Maine.

"Lancer" lasted for only fifty-one episodes, but critics cited the scripts and performances as excellent. Paul Brinegar co-starred as Jelly Hoskins, having played a similar role of "Wishbone" on CBS's earlier western series "Rawhide", with Eric Fleming and Clint Eastwood.

Duggan played John Walton in the television film "The Homecoming: A Christmas Story" (1971). In the TV series it inspired, "The Waltons", the role of John Walton was played by Ralph Waite.

In 1973, Duggan had a cameo appearance in the blaxploitation film "Black Caesar". In 1974, he portrayed General Maxwell D. Taylor in the TV docudrama "The Missiles Of October". He appeared as FBI Inspector Ryder in the 1975 NBC-TV movie "", and had roles in the 1976 TV miniseries "Rich Man, Poor Man" and "Once an Eagle". In 1978, he appeared in the episode "And the Sea Shall Give Up Her Dead" of the NBC crime drama "The Eddie Capra Mysteries". In 1980, he appeared as Sam Wiggins in the ABC television movie "The Long Days of Summer", and later that same year guest-starred in an episode of the CBS series "M*A*S*H*" as Col. Alvin 'Howitzer Al' Houlihan, the legendary father of Margaret Houlihan, in the episode "Father's Day". One of Duggan's last parts was as Dwight D. Eisenhower in a TV biography called "J. Edgar Hoover" (1987), a role he had played earlier in the NBC mini-series, "Backstairs at the White House" (1979). He also played President Lyndon B. Johnson in a different biography of Hoover, "The Private Files of J. Edgar Hoover" (1977). He played "Judge Axel" in "A Return to Salem's Lot" (1987).

In 1954, he married Broadway dancer and actress Elizabeth Logue, whom he called Betty. The couple had three children, Richard, Nancy, and Melissa.

Duggan died of throat cancer on May 15, 1988. He was 64.




</doc>
<doc id="3555320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3555320" title="Page Kennedy">
Page Kennedy

Page Kennedy (born November 23, 1976) is an American actor, comedian and rapper. He is best known for portraying Radon Randell in the Spike sports comedy series, "Blue Mountain State", and U-Turn in the Showtime series, "Weeds". Kennedy has also starred in films, with roles in "S.W.A.T." and "The Meg". Page Kennedy was an active and popular Viner. On March 10, 2017 Kennedy released his first full length rap album titled "Torn Pages" Featuring Royce Da 5'9, Crooked I, Trick Trick and more.

Kennedy was born Felton Eugene Kennedy II in Detroit, Michigan, but grew up in Los Angeles with his mother until he was six years of age. He then moved back to Detroit to reunite with his father, who died after ten years.

Kennedy attended Western Michigan University (WMU), before transferring to the University of Delaware (UD), and majored in theatre and acting. Kennedy's father was a doctor and encouraged his son to study medicine, but Kennedy gained a passion for acting after being introduced to the works of William Shakespeare at WMU. Kennedy subsequently chose to attend niganish UD after performing with high distinction at Western Michigan.

Kennedy soon moved to Los Angeles and began to guest star on several shows including "Six Feet Under", "Blind Justice", "", "Love, Inc.", "NYPD Blue", "The Shield", "Weeds" and "".

In 2005, Kennedy won a recurring role on the popular ABC primetime soap, "Desperate Housewives" where he played Caleb Applewhite, a fugitive who was being held captive in his mother's (Alfre Woodard) basement. However shortly after in November 2005, Kennedy was fired from "Desperate Housewives" as the result of an internal investigation by the studio; Kennedy himself claimed that Touchstone Television, the producers of the show, wanted to take a new direction with the character and bought out his contract. He was replaced by NaShawn Kearse.

Kennedy joined the cast of Showtime's hit series "Weeds" during its second and third season. He played U-Turn, a drug-dealer and self-described "thug".

Kennedy played Radon Randell, a quarterback starting over the main character, Alex Moran, in the Spike television series "Blue Mountain State". Because Alex Moran does not want to start, he must keep Radon happy during the whole second season (the only season Radon was in). Radon's season ends in the championship game of his lone season when he aggravates a previous shoulder injury. Kennedy reprised his role in the 2016 follow-up to the series.

Kennedy had a guest appearance whereas he played a burglar in the new 2013 TV series "Legit". He also made an appearance in an episode of "Robot Chicken" as Kirby and Cal Zapata. Kennedy played a gay inmate and gang leader in "My Name is Earl" and a married inmate and ex-con in "Raising the Bar".In 2016 he starred in the YouTube Red original show Rhett and Link's Buddy System.

Kennedy played Gerald, the cousin of main character James Carter, on the CBS show "Rush Hour". He appeared in all episodes of the show before its cancellation in 2016. In 2018 he had a prominent role in the blockbuster film "The Meg", alongside Jason Statham, Ruby Rose, and Rainn Wilson.

Kennedy resides in Los Angeles, California where he lives. He has three sons (Timothy, Jayce, Quinten), a daughter (Chirstin), and one grandchild (Ella).

Kennedy is well known for both his YouTube and Vine channels, where he posts short comedy videos. He coined the term "That's So Drake", referring to moments where male entertainers act flamboyantly without intending to. He discusses these moments on his YouTube Channel.




</doc>
<doc id="3556451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3556451" title="James Drury">
James Drury

James Child Drury Jr. (born April 18, 1934), is an American actor best known for his success in playing the title role in the 90-minute weekly Western television series "The Virginian", broadcast on NBC from 1962–71.

Drury was born in New York City, the son of James Child Drury and Beatrice Crawford Drury. His father was a New York University professor of marketing. He grew up between New York City and Salem, Oregon, where his mother owned a farm. Drury contracted polio at the age of ten.

He studied drama at New York University and took additional classes at UCLA to complete his degree after he began acting in films at MGM.

Drury's professional acting career began when he was twelve years old, when he performed in a road company's production of "Life with Father".

He signed a film contract with MGM in 1954 and appeared in bit parts in films. After he went to 20th Century Fox, he appeared in "Love Me Tender" (1956) and "Bernardine" (1957).

In 1959, Drury was cast as Harding, Jr., in the episode "Murder at the Mansion" on "Richard Diamond, Private Detective". On May 9, 1959, early in his career, Drury appeared as Neal Adams in the episode "Client Neal Adams" of ABC's western series "Black Saddle". In the story line, Adams is an old friend of series protagonist Clay Culhane, a gunfighter-turned-lawyer played by Peter Breck. Adams has robbed a bank of $8,000 and was subsequently shot in the back by a pursuing bounty hunter, played by Charles Aidman. Adams asks Culhane for help and makes the false claim that the bounty hunter is the brother of a man whom Adams had earlier killed in self-defense.

On Christmas eve 1959, Drury was cast in the episode, "Ten Feet of Nothing" on the syndicated anthology series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. Drury portrayed a young miner, Joe Plato, who in a drunken stupor gives away half of his then worthless mining claim to a saloon singer, Kathy Mulqueen (Preshy Marker). Kathy arrives to collect on her interest in the mine when gold is discovered on the adjacent property. Soon Joe and Cathy fall in love and marry. Hank Patterson was cast as Plato's friend, Abe.

In 1960, Drury appeared in different roles in two episodes, "Fair Game" and "Vindication" of another ABC western series, "The Rebel", starring Nick Adams as a Confederate adventurer roaming through the post-Civil War American West. On November 16, 1960, Drury played young pioneer Justin Claiborne in the episode "The Bleymier Story" of NBC's "Wagon Train".

In 1960, Drury portrayed Joe Darle in the episode "Wall of Silence" of the ABC/Warner Brothers detective series, "Bourbon Street Beat". He made a memorable guest appearance on the CBS drama series "Perry Mason" in 1961, as he played the role of musician and defendant Eddy King in "The Case of the Missing Melody".

He appeared in secondary roles for Walt Disney. In 1962, he was cast in a substantial role as a lascivious gold prospector in the early Sam Peckinpah western "Ride the High Country" (1962) opposite Randolph Scott and Joel McCrea. Around the same time, Drury landed the top-billed leading role of the ranch foreman on "The Virginian", a lavish series which ran for nine seasons until 1971.

Drury and his Wilshire Boulevard Buffalo Hunters band performed 54 USO-sponsored shows for troops in Vietnam in three weeks in April 1966.

In a sequel to "The Virginian", Drury continued his title role in "The Men from Shiloh" on NBC (1970-1971). He had the lead role of Captain Spike Ryerson in the drama series "Firehouse" on ABC television in 1974.

In 1993, Drury had a guest-starring role as Captain Tom Price on the first three episodes of "Walker, Texas Ranger", opposite Chuck Norris and Clarence Gilyard. Drury also had a cameo role in the 2000 TV movie of "The Virginian" starring Bill Pullman. The film followed Wister's novel more closely than had the television series. Drury appeared in a number of films and other television programs, including "The Young Warriors" and the TV cowboy reunion movie "" with Doug McClure, who played the character Trampas during "The Virginian".

In 1991, Drury was inducted into the Hall of Great Western Performers at the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum in Oklahoma City. In 1997 and 2003, he was a guest at the Western Film Fair in Charlotte, North Carolina.

On February 7, 1957, Drury married Cristall Othones. They had two children and divorced on November 23, 1964. He married Phyllis Jacqueline Mitchell on April 27, 1968, and they divorced on January 30, 1979. He married Carl Ann Head on July 30, 1979.

Drury was in the oil and natural gas business in Houston at the turn of the 21st century. His son, Timothy Drury, is a keyboardist, guitarist and vocalist who has played with the rock groups The Eagles and Whitesnake.




</doc>
<doc id="3565066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3565066" title="Bart Braverman">
Bart Braverman

Bartley Louis Braverman (born February 1, 1946, Los Angeles) is an American actor, best known as "Binzer" during the entire run of the ABC prime time series "Vega$" (from 1978–81) and who also guest starred on many television shows.

Braverman is the son of producer Herb Braverman and actress Kendall Carly Browne. His brother, Chuck Braverman, is a television director and producer.

He was billed as Bart Bradley in many of his early roles.

Braverman made his debut in milk commercials along with his brother Charles Braverman. His appearances include "I Love Lucy", "Seinfeld", "M*A*S*H", and "Shameless". He did the voice of Puggsy on "Fangface". Braverman, playing the role of "Binzer", was a regular co star in all 69 episodes, from 1978 to 1981, on the ABC prime time series "Vega$" with actor Robert Urich and actress Phyllis Davis. He also made frequent appearances on the game show "Match Game" during its run in syndication from 1979–82, including appearing on the premiere episode of the run. Braverman also appeared on the game show "Password Plus" in 1979. Braverman had a role on the television show "Have Gun - Will Travel". He also co-starred in the 1982-83 television series "The New Odd Couple".

His film credits include roles in "20 Million Miles to Earth" (1957), "Helter Skelter" (1976), "The Great Texas Dynamite Chase" (1976), "Alligator" (1980), "The Gladiator" (1986), "A Very Brady Christmas" (1988) and "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag" (1997).


</doc>
<doc id="3565932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3565932" title="Chris Eigeman">
Chris Eigeman

Christopher Eigeman (born March 1, 1965) is an American actor and a film director.

Eigeman is best known for roles in films written and directed by Whit Stillman: "Metropolitan", "Barcelona", and "The Last Days of Disco".

Eigeman was born in Denver, Colorado, in 1965. He attended The Putney School, Putney, Vermont, from 1979 to 1983, and graduated from Kenyon College, Gambier, Ohio, with a Bachelor of Arts in English and Theatre in 1987. He has been married to Linda D. Eigeman since 1993. They have a son, born in 2008.

Eigeman has appeared in theatrical films including "Kicking and Screaming (1995)", "Mr. Jealousy" (1997), "Highball" (1997), "Maid in Manhattan" (2002), "Crazy Little Thing" (aka The Perfect You) (2002), "The Treatment" (2006).

Eigeman has appeared in television series including "It's Like, You Know...", "Gilmore Girls", "Malcolm in the Middle", "", "Fringe", and "Girls".

In 1992, Eigeman filmed a pilot for an American version of the British cult sci-fi television show "Red Dwarf", playing the part of Arnold Rimmer; however, the show was not picked up as a series. During the mid-1990s, he appeared in a series of television advertisements for Pacific Bell that highlighted his sarcastic, straight-ahead delivery. In these spots, Eigeman always appeared in dark suit and tie, regardless of the situation.

Eigeman wrote and directed the film "Turn the River" (2007).




</doc>
<doc id="3566299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3566299" title="Mark Slade">
Mark Slade

Mark Van Blarcom Slade (born May 1, 1939) is an American actor, artist, and author, particularly remembered for his role of Billy Blue Cannon on the NBC Western television series, "The High Chaparral".

Born in Salem, Massachusetts, Slade is the son of Elinor (née Van Blarcom) and William A. Slade Jr., a Boston businessman and watercolor artist. Along with his two sisters and a brother, he grew up in the Danvers/Hamilton area of the North Shore. His parents divorced when he was 13, and his stepfather, Esmond R. Crowley Jr., became a valuable influence on his life.

In 1956, he enrolled in Worcester Academy with the intention of becoming an artist. After he filled in for a sick classmate by playing the role of an English professor in the play "The Male Animal", he decided to study acting. Slade moved to New York City to attend the American Academy of Dramatic Arts, supporting himself by working at the 21 Club.

During the beginning of his career in the early 1960s, Slade served in the United States Army Reserve.

Slade began his career on the Broadway stage appearing in the Josh Logan-directed play, "There Was a Little Girl," Jane Fonda's first Broadway play. He then earned a role in the 1961 film "Splendor in the Grass", directed by Elia Kazan and filmed in upstate New York. In the early 1960s, he moved to the West Coast, where he was cast as Seaman Jimmy "Red" Smith in the feature film "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" (1961). Despite his character being killed in the movie version, Irwin Allen brought Slade back for the "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea (TV series)" on ABC. He was cast in 1964 as a new character, Seaman Malone. He was hence the only one of six actors to have been cast in both the film and television versions of "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea". He appeared only in the first half of the first season because he departed to become a semi-regular, Eddie, in the CBS sitcom, "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.", starring Jim Nabors. Slade appeared in eight episodes of "Gomer Pyle", all of which were aired during the first half of the first season. He was cast in three episodes of the NBC education drama, "Mr. Novak", starring James Franciscus in the title role. His first television role was as Stu Walters in the 1961 episode "Deadline" of the ABC sitcom, "My Three Sons", starring Fred MacMurray. In 1963, he was cast in the episode "A Girl Named Amy" of Jack Lord's ABC series, "Stoney Burke", a rodeo adventure series. In 1964, he guest-starred in "The Enormous Fist" episode of "Rawhide" opposite Eric Fleming and Clint Eastwood. That year, he also appeared as the title character Michael Manning, alias Michael Da Vinci, in the "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Careless Kidnapper".

In the 1965–1966 television season, Slade played Radioman Patrick Hollis in the NBC sitcom, "The Wackiest Ship in the Army".

In 1966, at the age of 27, he obtained one of his most memorable parts, as Billy Blue Cannon, the blond-haired, blue-eyed son of the ranch patriarch, John Cannon (Leif Erickson) on "The High Chaparral", set in the Arizona Territory. The series aired for four seasons. He went on to play Taylor Reed in the 1973 film "Salty" and reprised his role in the syndicated adventure series "Salty" (1974–1975).

Slade's acting career continued into the early 1990s. He made more than 300 appearances on stage, screen, and television. Slade won international recognition and numerous awards for his efforts: the Belgian Viewers Award, the Bambi, the Bravo Golden Otto, and the Western Heritage Award.

As an artist, Slade's illustrations, political cartoons, caricatures, and comic strips have run in numerous newspapers, magazines, and prominent publications around the world. His collaboration with producer/writer Danny Arnold ("Barney Miller" television series) resulted in the long-running comic strip, "Howard and Friends".

A number of his later works done in oils and graphite, as well as his hand-pulled prints, are held in private collections.

As a writer, Slade is well known for writing and playing the guest role in the "Cliffy" episode of "The Rookies" television series, which won him critical acclaim and numerous citations. In 2012, he authored his first published novel, "Going Down Maine", which explores the loss of innocence and unforeseen consequences of youthful indiscretions. Published in late 2014, "Of Pain and Coffee", a collection of sooth-sayings and soliloquies that explore life's foibles and fears, joys and heartbreaks, with illustrations by the author, was released. In December, 2014, Mark published a companion book, 'Someone's Story", that takes the reader on an emotional journey through those brief moments when one can feel another's life. The author's own photography creates a subtle melding of the pictorial and verse. "Hangin' with the Truth", his second novel, was released in 2016.

Slade also lent his talents to the Slade Media Group, founded by his wife, Melinda Riccilli Slade, that specialized in corporate image campaigns, crisis management, graphic design, and marketing communications. The firm created national campaigns for diverse public and private companies, along with numerous product introductions. Together, they wrote and developed various media projects through their affiliated company, Slade Square Productions.

Slade married Melinda Riccilli in 1968. They have two sons, Morgan and Mitchel. He is currently living in Northern California, where he continues the pursuit of his artistic endeavors.

Slade's maternal grandmother, Alice Louise (née Ford) Van Blarcom, was Henry Ford's fifth cousin. His Ford lineage goes back to Martha and John Ford, who reached Plymouth, Massachusetts, on the "Fortune", the second English ship to arrive in Plymouth Colony, on November 9, 1621. John Ford died on the voyage. Martha disembarked with their two sons and gave birth to their third on the same day. The ship's manifest lists among the passengers, a John Cannon, also the name of the patriarch in "The High Chaparral".



</doc>
<doc id="3569588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3569588" title="Tom Amandes">
Tom Amandes

Tom Amandes (born March 9, 1959) is an American actor. His best-known role to date is that of the role of Dr. Harold "Hal" Abbott on The WB Drama series "Everwood", and as Eliot Ness in the 1990s version of "The Untouchables" TV series. He also played Geena Davis' boyfriend in "The Long Kiss Goodnight", and Abraham Lincoln in the 2012 film "Saving Lincoln".

Amandes was born the sixth of 11 children in Richmond, Illinois. Amandes began acting at an early age, performing at home with his siblings and starring in school productions. He graduated in 1977 from Crystal Lake Central High School. In 1981, after graduating from The Goodman School of Drama at DePaul University, Amandes set out to apprentice on the Chicago stage.

A turning point in Amandes' career was being cast as Eliot Ness in the television series "The Untouchables". He went on to star in "The Pursuit of Happiness" with Brad Garrett and Larry Miller. Amandes co-starred in the TV drama "Everwood" from 2002 to 2006. Other television credits include recurring roles on "The Guardian", "JAG", "Spin City", "Sisters" and "From the Earth to the Moon", in which Amandes portrayed Astronaut Harrison 'Jack' Schmitt. Amandes has guest-starred on "Roseanne", "The Practice", "The King of Queens", "Just Shoot Me!", "ER", "Seven Days", "The Larry Sanders Show", "Greek", "The Good Guys", "NUMB3RS", and "Private Practice".

During his summer hiatus, Amandes wrapped production on the comedy "Dirty Deeds". He has appeared in the films "Brokedown Palace", "Second Chances", "Straight Talk", and "Billboard Dad". Amandes appeared in the HBO film "Live From Baghdad".

Amandes appeared in the fourth season of "Arrow" as cyber-criminal Noah Kuttler/the Calculator.



</doc>
<doc id="3572151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3572151" title="Greg Serano">
Greg Serano

Greg Serano (born August 7, 1972) is an American actor. He is best known for his role of Pablo Betart on "Wildfire" and as Enrique Salvatore in "Legally Blonde". He played a role in "Power" as Agent Juan Julio Medina.





</doc>
<doc id="3572779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3572779" title="Ian Petrella">
Ian Petrella

Ian Petrella (born December 17, 1974) is a former American child actor known for the role of Randy Parker in the 1983 film "A Christmas Story".

Petrella currently resides in Cleveland, Ohio, working on animation and puppetry. During the 2010 Christmas Season, Petrella served as a guest tour guide from November 4 through the first week of January 2011 at the "A Christmas Story" House in Cleveland, Ohio.



</doc>
<doc id="3574805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3574805" title="Steve Ryan (actor)">
Steve Ryan (actor)

Steve Ryan (June 19, 1947 – September 3, 2007) was an American actor.

He was best known for his recurring role on the Fox sitcom "Arrested Development" as J. Walter Weatherman. Some of his other roles included "Detective Nate Grossman" on the NBC Police series "Crime Story" and his role as "Bobick" on "Daddio". He had recurring roles as Sgt. Adams on "", as Secretary of Defense Miles Hutchinson on "The West Wing", as Father Conti on "American Dreams", as Officer Mike Healy on "Oz", and as Mark Volchek on "Wiseguy"

Ryan's notable stage appearances included the original Broadway production of "I'm Not Rappaport" and revivals of "On The Waterfront" and "Guys and Dolls". He also performed at most of America's major regional theatres, including Yale Repertory Theatre, Williamstown Theatre Festival, and Milwaukee Repertory Theatre.

Ryan died in Duarte, California, aged 60, from cancer.


</doc>
<doc id="3575581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3575581" title="Marvin Kaplan">
Marvin Kaplan

Marvin Wilbur Kaplan (January 24, 1927 – August 25, 2016) was an American actor, screenwriter and playwright.

Kaplan was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1927, the son of Dr. I.E. Kaplan and his wife. He attended Public School 16, and Junior High School 15 and graduated from Eastern District High School in 1943. He graduated from Brooklyn College with a bachelor's degree in English in 1947 and later took classes in theater at the University of Southern California.

Kaplan is probably best known for his recurring role on the sitcom "Alice" where he portrayed a phone lineman named Henry Beesmeyer who frequented Mel's diner. He was with the cast from 1977 until the series ended in 1985.

In addition, the actor was the voice of Choo-Choo on the cartoon series "Top Cat" (1961–62).
Played an electronics expert Ensign Kawsniac on McHale's Navy season 3 episode 104 "All Ahead Empty".
In 1969, he appeared as Stanley on "Petticoat Junction" in the episode: "The Other Woman".

In 1987, he reprised his role of Choo-Choo for "Top Cat and the Beverly Hills Cats". At the same time, he actively returned to voice-over acting, playing roles in shows such as "Garfield and Friends", "Aaahh!!! Real Monsters", "Johnny Bravo", and later, "The Garfield Show" in 2011. Kaplan was the commercial spokesperson for the American cologne Eau de Love. In addition to his role on "Alice", he played Mr. Gordon on "Becker" alongside Ted Danson.

On cartoon series, Kaplan also provided the voices of Skids on "CB Bears" and Marvin on "The Chicago Teddy Bears". In other roles, he portrayed Mr. Milfloss in "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" and Dwight McGonigle in "On the Air".

Kaplan had a regular role in the radio sitcom and later television version of "Meet Millie" as Alfred Prinzmetal, an aspiring poet-composer. The program ran from 1951–54 on radio and continued on television from 1952–56.

He joined the California Artists Radio Theatre In January 1984 and performed leading roles in over twenty 90 minute productions. He created two musicals for the group and one."A Good House For A Killing" is a successful Musical Comedy. He appeared in CART's Alice in Wonderland as the White Rabbit,:And In Norman Corwin's Plot to Overthrow Christmas with CART, as Nero's messenger opposite David Warner. He Was in CART's Bradbury 75th Birthday Tribute. He played opposite Jo Ann Worley in three CART productions :Corwin's 100th Birthday, Chekhov's Humoresque and in The Man With Bogart's Face" he was the Cowardly Lion in Cart's Wizard of Oz opposite Norman lloyd and Linda Henning. And was the Lead in"Clarence" opposite Samantha Eggar and Janet Waldo; and Dr. Einstein opposite David Warner in Cart's Arsenic and Old Lace..He served on the Board for California Artists Radio Theatre for 32 years.

Kaplan's first film role was as a court reporter in "Adam's Rib" (1949). He had a small role in the 1963 film "It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World" (1963) playing a gas station attendant alongside Arnold Stang, with whom he provided voices for the "Top Cat" cartoon series. He features in the supporting cast of the comedy "The Great Race" (1965). He also made a brief appearance as a carpet cleaner in the film "Freaky Friday" (1976).

Kaplan gained early stage experience at a Los Angeles theater, working as stage manager on a production of <nowiki>"Rain"</nowiki>. For many years, Kaplan was a member of Theatre West, the oldest continually-operating theatre company in Los Angeles. He performed in many plays there and elsewhere. He was also a playwright and screenwriter.

Kaplan was married to Rosa Felsenburg, a union that ended in divorce.

Kaplan died of natural causes in his sleep on August 25, 2016. He was 89.

"Meet Millie" Starring Elena Verdugo - Kaplan was a series regular (1951-1954)



</doc>
<doc id="3576892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3576892" title="Tarik Ergin">
Tarik Ergin

Tarık Ergin (born June 7, 1961) is an American actor.

Ergin was born in Hingham, Massachusetts of Turkish descent. He played the part of Lieutenant Junior Grade Ayala in "", as well as "Satan's Robot" from the "Captain Proton" holodeck program and Lt. Coris Sprint in the "" computer game. He was only credited as Ayala in episodes "Fury" and "Renaissance Man". He was credited as "Security Guard" in Fury and "Tactical N.D." In Renaissance Man even though he worked at the conn and spoke dialogue (because N.D stands for Non-Dialogue).

Prior to his roles on "Star Trek", he played minor roles in episodes of "Red Shoe Diaries" and in the movie "Improper Conduct" in 1994.

Ergin has been a lifelong lacrosse player, and served as a professional player and coach with the Hollywood Lacrosse Club in 2010. In addition, he has been the head coach of the Oak Park Lacrosse Varsity team at Oak Park High School in Ventura County since 2011.



</doc>
<doc id="3577457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3577457" title="John Newton (actor)">
John Newton (actor)

John Newton (also known as John Haymes Newton) (born ) is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for his regular roles on the television programs "Superboy" as Clark Kent in the show's first season and as Ryan McBride on the soap opera "Melrose Place". He is currently focused on ancestral clearing practices.

John Newton is best known for playing the lead role of Clark Kent/Superboy in the TV series "Superboy" during the show's first season from 1988–1989. Newton was among the drastic cast changes that took place between seasons, and was replaced by Gerard Christopher in the role for the remainder of the show's run. Besides "Superboy", he played regular roles on the television programs "Melrose Place" and "The Untouchables". He had a recurring role on "Models, Inc." before being transferred onto "Melrose Place" after its cancellation. Both shows were part of the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise. On the DVD release of "Superboy: The Complete First Season" in 2006, Newton appears as himself on the documentary featurette "Superboy: Getting Off the Ground" and provided audio commentary with executive producer Ilya Salkind on two episodes. He starred in "The Christmas Card" (2006) and the 2009 independent film "Yesterday Was a Lie".

In 2011, Newton and his wife Jennifer lent their voices as Clark Kent/Superman and Lois Lane, respectively, in the animated fan film "Superman Classic" by veteran animator Robb Pratt.

Born in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Newton spent 3½ years training and performing theatrically in New York City, including a brief career as a model. During the filming of "Alive", Newton was able to meet Antonio Vizintin, the survivor whom he portrayed in the movie, and would later spend two months in Montevideo with Vizintin's family.


</doc>
<doc id="3578572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3578572" title="Andrew J. Lederer">
Andrew J. Lederer

Andrew J. Lederer is a New York-based comedian who has also starred in low-budget movies and worked in writing and production.

Growing up in New York City, Andrew appeared as a vocal soloist with the "Brooklyn Borough-Wide Chorus", both in live performance and on CBS-TV. He became a comedian as a teenager and acted in movies and television, including "Family Ties", "The Facts of Life", and "Fame" plus starring roles in the movies "Out of Control" and "Body Count" (which was nominated for an International Fantasy Film Award ) plus an excised scene - later restored on DVD - in "This is Spinal Tap". Later, he became an entertainment journalist, working as a writer and/or editor for "Film Threat Magazine", "Wild Cartoon Kingdom", "Sci-Fi Universe" and others (even the "National Enquirer"!). (He returned to journalism in 2008 and 9 with a series of articles for the newspaper, The Scotsman.) At present, he blogs regularly for "The Huffington Post".

Andrew wrote a substantial portion of the famous "Disney/McDonald's Trivia Challenge" (which was so hard it was reported on in the major newsweeklies and caused the overworked library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to suspend its information line for the duration of the contest). His original screenplay, "Won't Fade Out", was given its own chapter in the book "The 50 Greatest Movies Never Made" (St. Martin’s Press, 1999), alongside unfinished efforts by the likes of Stanley Kubrick, Billy Wilder, and Alfred Hitchcock.

With Dave Feinman, Andrew created CWA, a semi-cooperative management company that represented many of the better Los Angeles comedians for acting work during the late 1990s.

Andrew was a prominent "alternative" comedian, as that term was understood in the U.S. at the turn of the millennium. His long-running "The Second Show" and Eugene Mirman and Bobby Tisdale's "Invite Them Up" were the first comedy shows at Rififi/Cinema Classics, one of alternative or indie comedy's most important New York venues. His one-person shows, "Petula Clark's Greatest Hits", "Bridge-Burner", and "Me and Hitler" were all presented as part of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe In 2003, he made a high-profile return to singing as part of the "Loser's Lounge Tribute to the Bee Gees", which was followed by two New York-area solo shows. In 2007, Andrew was a consultant for a new Fringe venue, The Green Room. His 2006-2008 blog was featured on the UK's Chortle comedy website.
Andrew's most famous role was as Frank, the editor of ASS Magazine in the television series The Adventures of Electra Elf (2004-2008).

Lederer's performance style has increasingly tended toward storytelling rather than a recitation of jokes or more standard comic observations. His one-time roommate, Marc Price, has called him the "father of alternative comedy" (as that term was understood in the United States) but, as Lederer points out, this could only be true if any of the major practitioners had actually been influenced by him, which they provably have not.

Lederer has often worked in the background, privately providing material for other performers and writers. He advised and contributed to animation and film histories by Jerry Beck and others. He wrote sequences performed by comedian Jackie Diamond (Michael Rosenberg) on Fox TV's "Comic Strip Live", and consulted for Marc Price on CBS TV's "The Midnight Hour" As a consultant to Will Ryan, he was a key player in some of the more recent attempts to popularize the animated character Elmo Aardvark.

He suggested comedian Harris Peet for the role of Muddy Mudskipper on The Ren and Stimpy Show and directed his audition tape. And though Lederer generally "works clean", edgy, underground comic Rick Shapiro (who very much does not) has credited seeing Andrew with making him realize he could talk about what he wanted to on stage and not be limited by convention.

Lederer was briefly mentored by comedian Jeff Garlin at around the time Garlin was co-creating "Curb Your Enthusiasm". He was the only regular performer, aside from Garlin himself, on Garlin's live, weekly comedy show in the spring of 1998 and hosted when Garlin could not. Lederer consulted on the rewriting of an abortive sitcom pilot by Garlin and the two glancingly considered a writing collaboration on a possible HBO bio of Milton Berle. Later, Lederer assisted Garlin during the making of a short Jackie Gleason documentary and was one of those asked to offer opinions on the feature, "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With" before the completion of its edit.

The burgeoning comedic storytelling scene in the UK was largely inspired by Lederer's "Anthology" series at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Both Sarah Bennetto's "Storytellers' Club" and an earlier Amused Moose effort were started by veterans of the "Anthology" shows. Lederer's 2007 and 2008 London "Anthology" presentations have been Critic's Choices in both Time Out and the Evening Standard.

Andrew has been producer or co-producer (often with Parker Entertainment) of a number of live productions including many of Scott Blakeman's political comedy shows and the play "Lysistrata 100".

He co-produced comedian Ahmed Ahmed's Richard Pryor Award-winning 2004 Edinburgh Festival Fringe show and the Edinburgh run of Rain Pryor's "Fried Chicken and Latkes" in 2005.

Andrew, with Parker, also produced the musical variety series, "The Savage Breast".

Lederer has at various times been a regular performer at New York's fabled Comic Strip, Improvisation, Catch a Rising Star and Caroline's comedy clubs and at Los Angeles' The Comedy Store.

Alternative venues have included New York's Surf Reality, and the Nuyorican Poets Cafe and L.A's Creativity Bookstore.

Recent live credits include Heeb Magazine's storytelling show and The Onion's comedy series, both at Joe's Pub. Also "The Rejection Show" at Mo Pitkin's, Nick Kroll and John Mulaney's "Oh, Hello" and Sherry Weaver's "Speakeasy Stories"

In the UK, he has appeared on such progressive, live stand-up and variety shows as Robin Ince's Book Club and Spank!.

Andrew has also been active in new media. In 2007, he was the last writer under City Lights Television's auspices of "Heavy News" and his more or less daily blog has a following in both the U.S. and the United Kingdom.





</doc>
<doc id="3591242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3591242" title="Corbin Bleu">
Corbin Bleu

Corbin Bleu Reivers (; born February 21, 1989), known professionally as Corbin Bleu, is an American actor, model, dancer, film producer and singer-songwriter. He performed in the "High School Musical" film series (2006–2008). Songs from the films also charted worldwide, with the song "I Don't Dance" peaking inside the Top 70 of the "Billboard" Hot 100. During this time, he also starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Jump In!" (2007). His first lead role was in the film "Catch That Kid" (2004). He has since appeared in the Discovery Kids drama series "Flight 29 Down" (2005–2007), as well as the film "To Write Love on Her Arms" (2015). He competed in the 17th season of "Dancing with the Stars", partnered with professional dancer Karina Smirnoff.

He has also pursued a music career, and released his debut album "Another Side" on May 1, 2007, which included the single "Push It to the Limit." The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, selling 18,000 copies in its first week. Bleu released his second album, "Speed of Light", on March 10, 2009. He returned to television, starring in the short-lived Ashton Kutcher-produced CW series, "" (2009), and the movie "Free Style" (2009). He has appeared in the films "The Little Engine That Could" (2011), "Scary or Die" (2012), "Nurse 3D" (2013), "Sugar" (2013), "The Monkey's Paw" (2013), and "Walk. Ride. Rodeo." (2019).

In 2010, Bleu played Usnavi in the Broadway company of "In the Heights". In 2012, he returned to Broadway in the revival of "Godspell". In 2013, he was cast as Jeffrey King in the short-lived online revival of the daytime soap "One Life to Live". In 2016, Bleu played Ted Hanover in the Broadway company of "Holiday Inn, The New Irving Berlin Musical". He subsequently signed a recording contract with Ghostlight Records, to distribute his "Holiday Inn" soundtrack music, released in 2017. In 2019, he returned to played Bill Calhoun/Lucentio in the Broadway company of "Kiss Me, Kate". He returned to subsequently signed a recording contract with Ghostlight Records, to distribute his "Kiss Me, Kate" soundtrack music, released in June 7, 2019.

Bleu was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Martha (née Callari) and David Reivers (born 1958), an actor. His mother is Italian American and his father is Jamaican American. He has three sisters: Jag, Phoenix, and Hunter. As a child, Bleu studied dance for several years, focusing on ballet and jazz. His great-uncle is actor Joseph Callari, who won IndieFEST FIlm awards of Excellence for Best Actor, with his performance in "The Julie Stories".
Bleu appeared in television commercials starting at the age of two, for products such as Life cereal, Bounty, Hasbro, and Nabisco. He began taking jazz and ballet classes, usually being the only boy in the class. By the age of four he was a model with the Ford Modeling Agency in New York. He appeared in print ads for stores such as Macy's, Gap, Target, and Toys R Us, and appeared in fashion spreads in "Child", "Parents", and "American Baby" magazines, as well as having his image on toys and game packaging.

At age six, Corbin appeared in his first professional theater production off Broadway, at The Town Hall. This three-concert series, created, written, and hosted by Scott Siegel, took place over one weekend and included a tribute to David Merrick. Corbin Bleu played an abandoned homeless mute in the play "Tiny Tim is Dead".

Bleu graduated from Los Angeles County High School for the Arts. He trained in dancing at the Debbie Allen Dance Academy, and attended the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts in New York as a theater major, following in his mother's footsteps. Bleu graduated from high school in 2007 and was admitted to Stanford University, but declined to matriculate because of scheduling commitments. As of 2007 he continued to live at home with his parents and three younger sisters.

Bleu moved with his family from New York to Los Angeles in 1996. He worked steadily in episodic television and feature film roles, including a recurring role on the short-lived ABC police drama "High Incident" and a guest star appearance on "ER". He also appeared in some films, like "Beach Movie" (1998), and the sci-fi thriller "Soldier" (1998). His feature films from this period include the Tim Allen comedy "Galaxy Quest" (1999), and the comedy "Mystery Men" (1999), which starred Ben Stiller, and the drama "Family Tree" (1999), alongside Andrew Lawrence and Matthew Lawrence. Bleu also had roles in "Malcolm & Eddie", as Matthew, and "Cover Me: Based on the True Life of an FBI Family" (2000), as Nick Elderby and smaller roles like in the comedy series Nickelodeon's show "The Amanda Show".

Additionally, Bleu was developing his dance skills and in 2001 began intensive training at the Debbie Allen Dance Academy in the Los Angeles area. There he undertook a full gamut of dance instruction, including ballet, jazz, tap, modern, hip-hop, African, break dance, salsa, flamenco, and ballroom. Allen, the famous choreographer who starred in the TV series "Fame", told "Dance Spirit" magazine, "I think [Bleu] really has a career. Success is one thing, but a career is a much longer, broader journey".

Bleu attended the Los Angeles County High School for the Arts, a magnet school like the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts, which was portrayed in the movie and television series "Fame", and which Bleu's mother had attended. During his freshman year, he won his first sizable film role in the teen action caper "Catch That Kid" (2004), about a girl and her friends who decide to rob a bank after learning that money is needed to aid her dying father, alongside Kristen Stewart and Max Thieriot. Although it was a box office flop, having only grossed $10 million, it served as an important step for Bleu, who was still building his acting career at the time. During high school, he performed in such student productions as "Footloose" and "Grease", winning the honor of Theatre Student of the Year.

In the summer of 2004 Bleu landed a starring role in the television series "Flight 29 Down", alongside Allen Alvarado, Hallee Hirsh, Lauren Storm, Jeremy James Kissner, Johnny Pacar and Kristy Wu, which aired for three seasons on the Discovery Kids network. The program, a juvenile version of the ABC series Lost, concerned a group of teenagers stranded on a tropical island after their plane crashes. Bleu played as Nathan McHugh, a Boy Scout whose leadership skills do not quite measure up to his self-confidence.

Although popular with its young audience, the success of "Flight 29 Down" pales in comparison to Bleu's next television project the Disney Channel original films "High School Musical" (2006). The youngest of the six lead actors who were catapulted to fame by the film, Bleu portrayed the basketball player Chad Danforth, who tries to persuade his teammate Troy Bolton (Zac Efron) to give up his interest in theater and focus on winning the basketball championship. "High School Musical" premiered on January 20, 2006; with an audience of 7.7 million television viewers, it was the Disney Channel's most successful TV movie up to that point. The film, which also starred Ashley Tisdale, Lucas Grabeel, Vanessa Hudgens, and Monique Coleman in pivotal roles, became a major success and helped Bleu gain recognition among teenage audiences. The film's soundtrack was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

He joined co-stars on the 51-date "" (2006–2007) tour to promote the film, work on the second film in the High School Musical series began, and Bleu was confirmed to be returning for the sequel. "High School Musical 2" (2007) was released on August 17, 2007. The premiere was seen by a total of over 17.2 million viewers in the U.S., which is almost 10 million more than its predecessor, making it the highest-rated Disney Channel Movie of all time. Disney Channel aired a weekly program called "Road to High School Musical 2", beginning on June 8, 2007, and leading up to the premiere of "High School Musical 2" in August. The show offered viewers a behind-the-scenes look into the production of the movie. The world premiere of the opening number "What Time Is It" was on Radio Disney May 25, 2007, and similarly the song "I Don't Dance" premiered on August 14, 2007. The film was generally well received by critics, gaining a score of 77/100 at Metacritic, while it received a generally mixed response of 50% on Rotten Tomatoes. The film broke opening weekend records and grossed over $250 million worldwide. The soundtrack for the film, featuring numerous contributions from Bleu, went on to sell over three million copies in the United States alone. The song "I Don't Dance" (2007), a duet with Lucas Grabeel, became his first top forty hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was named as the official theme song for the 2007 Little League World Series. During this time, Bleu began song on soundtracks for the Disney Channel, and released a cover of "Two Worlds" (2007) to promote "Tarzan".

In 2007, Bleu starred in his next film, another Disney Channel original entitled "Jump In!" (2007), which aired on January 12, 2007. Directed by Paul Hoen, the television movie revolved around a young boy named Izzy Daniels who trains regularly in order to try to follow in his fathers footsteps and win the Golden Glove, an amateur boxing tournament. While Bleu played the lead role of Daniels, Keke Palmer portrayed the role of Mary, his friend who has a crush on Daniels. Again, Disney scored a crossover hit with the "Jump In! soundtrack" album, was released in January 2007, on which Bleu sings the track, "Push It to the Limit" (2006). Reaching the screens on the Disney Channel that January, "Jump In!" was a major hit amongst young viewers and quickly became the highest rated premiere the network has ever since, breaking the previous record set by "The Cheetah Girls 2" in 2006. Similar to "High School Musical", its soundtrack was also a commercial hit, having achieved gold status from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) three months after its release. He appeared in a music video of a new Atlanta group Small Change's video, "Don't Be Shy" featuring Chani and Lil' JJ.

He guest starred as Johnny Collins in the premiere two episodes of Disney's "Hannah Montana" (2006–2008). He also had a small role as Spencer on "Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide", appearing in the episodes entitled "" and "". and "Mother Goose Parade" as Grand Marshal in 2006 and 2007. While with Disney Channel, Bleu also participated in the first ever Disney Channel Games and co-captained the blue team along with Jake T. Austin, Maiara Walsh, Cole Sprouse and Kiely Williams. A year before, he returned to repeat his captaincy of the blue team with Brenda Song, Vanessa Hudgens, Monique Coleman and Jason Earles. In August 2007, Bleu starred in "Flight 29 Down: The Hotel Tango", an teen drama film version of the television series of the same name. Also in 2007, he is voice in "The Secret of the Magic Gourd" (2007), He appeared on "The Tyra Banks Show" in 2008.

Bleu went on to reprise his role of Chad Danforth in "" (2008), the first film in the "High School Musical" franchise to receive a theatrical release. It opened at number one at the North American box office in October 2008, earning $42 million in its first weekend, which broke the record previously held by "Mamma Mia!" for the biggest opening by a musical. The film finished with $252 million worldwide, which exceeded Disney's expectations. The song "The Boys Are Back" (2008), a duet with Zac Efron, became his second top forty hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). The phenomenon of High School Musical has changed Bleu's life, delivering him to the heights of media celebrity while still in his teens. For his role as Chad Danforth, the team captain of the school's basketball team, he was nominated for an NAACP Image Award and a Young Artist Award and Teen Choice Awards in 2007 and 2009 respectively. Bleu lent his voice for the role of Chad Danforth in "High School Musical video games", a video game based on the three films. Bleu's 2008 commercial for Activision's "" was deemed too sexy to dance.

The following year, Bleu played the lead role in the film called "Free Style" (2009). Opened in theatres in October 2009, the coming of age movie revolved around Cale Bryant, an eighteen-year-old man who tries to find himself by winning the Amateur National Motocross Championships. "Free Style" performed poorly in the box office, having only grossed $720,000 from a $10 million budget. Over the next few years, Bleu's television roles included the drama series The CW Television Network's show "." The series was subsequently cancelled on September 25, 2009 after televising 2 episodes. In December 2009, the technology company HP became the show's sponsor and began airing the show's five episodes on YouTube. Also in 2009, he was a voice actor in "Beyond All Boundaries", and appeared on "Entertainment Tonight" and "The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet". Also in 2009, he was the voice of Coltrane in the premiere two episodes of Disney's "Phineas and Ferb". Bleu was considered as host for "The X Factor" USA.

Corbin Bleu made his Broadway stage debut in 2010 as the lead character, bodega-owner Usnavi, in the critically acclaimed musical "In the Heights". and guest starred in one episode of "The Good Wife" as DJ Javier Berlin in October 2010. in 2010, Corbin starred in the short comedy film "I Owe My Life to Corbin Bleu", alongside Andrew Caldwell, Drake Bell, Sarah Hyland, Ryan Pinkston, Sterling Knight, Matt Prokop, Matt Shively and Josh Sussman. In 2011, he performed the voice Lou in "The Little Engine That Could" (2011). From August 5–7, Bleu performed in the musical "Hairspray" as Seaweed at the Hollywood Bowl, alongside Nick Jonas, Harvey Fierstein, Marissa Jaret Winokur, Drew Carey and Darlene Love. and he performed the voice Flip in "Tonka Chuck and Friends: Big Air Dare".

In 2012, Bleu also had a role in and co-produced the indie horror anthology "Scary or Die" (2012), a collection of five short horror films. In 2012, he joined the cast of "Godspell" as Jesus beginning April 17 at the Circle in the Square Theatre. He joined co-stars on the 66th Annual Tony Awards, to performing "Day by Day" and "Light of the World" at Beacon Theatre, with Neil Patrick Harris as the host. During this time, he recorded the duet "If I Never Knew You" (2012), with Anna Maria Perez de Tagle to promote "Pocahontas". He guest starred in one episode of "Blue Bloods" as Officer Blake in 2012. In 2012, he performed the voice Drew in "Twinkle Toes", Bleu starred in the drama film "To Write Love on Her Arms" (originally titled "Renee") in 2012, with Kat Dennings, Chad Michael Murray and Rupert Friend. The film began production in Orlando, Florida, in February 2011.

In March 2013, Bleu had a role in the horror film "The Monkey's Paw" (2013). and guest starred in one episode of "Franklin & Bash" as Jordan Allen French in 2013. In April 2013, Bleu was cast in the role of Jeffrey King on the ABC daytime soap opera "One Life to Live". In 2013, Bleu starred in the film "Sugar" (2013), alongside Shenae Grimes and Marshall Allman. about a runaway girl living on the streets of Venice, Los Angeles. The film began production in Venice, Los Angeles, on November 30, 2010. Also in 2013, Bleu appeared in the horror films "Nurse 3D" (2013), alongside Paz de la Huerta and Katrina Bowden. The film began production in Toronto, on September 6, 2011 and wrapped on October 21, 2011. In 2014 he also appeared as a guest star in "Psych", the USA Network television series in Season 8. He guest starred in one episode of "Drop Dead Diva" as Michael in 2014.

Bleu's only release in 2015 was the moderately successful "Megachurch Murder" (2015), in which he played a Marcus King, with Tamala Jones, Shanica Knowles and Romeo Miller. In addition, Bleu appeared in "Family Shots" with The Human Race Theatre Company. Bleu did make however a guest appearance in an episode of the family drama, "The Fosters" in 2016 playing the role of Mercutio, a character who appears in a school musical production of "Romeo and Juliet". Bleu and fellow guest-star Ashley Argota also co-starred in a production of "Romeo and Juliet: Love Is a Battlefield" at Rockwell Table and Stage, Produced by "The Fosters" co-creator Bradley Bredeweg. He also had a small role as Spencer on "Castle" in 2016. Bleu was considered as host for "Fake Off".

In January 2016, he joined the cast of "The Dodgers" as Simon, the rational voice amid the habitually stoned chatter, and beginning January 21 at the Hudson Mainstage Theatre. In October 2016, he took part in Broadway productions notably the leading role in "Holiday Inn, The New Irving Berlin Musical" (originally titled "Holiday Inn"), a musical based on the 1942 Academy Award-winning film of the same name. Returning to his tap dancing roots was "like riding a bike". His former Disney co-stars appeared to be big fans of Bleu's new endeavor when they stopped by a performance in October 2016. The Broadway alum and "High School Musical" favorite grabbed a camera as Broadway websites' newest vlogger, resulting in "Bleu Skies": Backstage at "Holiday Inn" with Corbin Bleu. Bleu, who played Ted in the new Irving Berlin musical, gave a glimpse of backstage life at Studio 54, where he and his co-stars (including former vlogger Bryce Pinkham, Lora Lee Gayer, Megan Lawrence and Megan Sikora) celebrated an entire year's worth of special occasions eight times a week. "Bleu Skies" launched off on August 23 and ran every Tuesday for eight weeks. with Bleu being nominated for a Chita Rivera Awards for Dance and Choreography in 2017, for outstanding dancing in a Broadway show, and eventually winning a Chita Rivera Award for his performance.

While with ABC television, Bleu also participated in the first ever "Battle of the Network Stars", joining the red team along with Joey Lawrence, Nolan Gould, Lisa Whelchel and Kim Fields, with Ronda Rousey as the captain. The series premiered on June 29, 2017. From July 28–30, Bleu performed in the musical "Mamma Mia!" as Sky at the Hollywood Bowl, alongside Dove Cameron, Lea DeLaria and Jennifer Nettles. The theatre premiered on July 28, 2017. Corbin Bleu's career also included voice over work (or voice acting) with "Breathe Bible". In December 2017, Corbin Bleu hosted the 2017 Looking Ahead Awards, presented by The Actors Fund.

In January 2018, he guest starred in one episode of "The Middle" as Luke, a handsome drummer that catches Brad's attention. In 2018 he also appeared as a guest star in "Chicago Med", the NBC television series in Season 3, as Tommy Oliver. From June 27 – July 3, Bleu performed in the musical "Singin' in the Rain" as Don Lockwood at the St. Louis Municipal Opera Theatre, a musical based on the 1952 BAFTA Film Awards-winning film of the same name. The theatre premiered on June 27, 2018. with Bleu being nominated for a St. Louis Theater Circle Awards in 2019, for Outstanding Actor in a Musical. Near the end of 2018, Bleu played Billy Crocker in "Anything Goes", which will be seen in-the-round at Arena Stage in D.C. Washingtion from November 2 – December 23, 2018. with Bleu being nominated for a Helen Hayes Award in 2019, for Outstanding Actor in a Musical, and eventually winning a Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Musical.

In March 2019, he was cast in the Netflix drama film "Walk. Ride. Rodeo." (2019), alongside Missi Pyle, Spencer Locke and Bailey Chase, directed by Conor Allyn. He appeared on "Show Offs" in 2019. In 2019, Bleu played Bill Calhoun/Lucentio in the Broadway revival of "Kiss Me, Kate" at the Roundabout Theatre's Studio 54. The musical originally opened on Broadway in 1948 and five years later was the basis for a liberally adapted 1953 film of the same name. The production, directed by Scott Ellis, began previewing on February 14, 2019. The limited engagement is scheduled to continue through June 30 at Studio 54. For his performance, Bleu was nominated for the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical. Bleu was also nominated for a 2019 Chita Rivera Awards for Dance and Choreography, for Outstanding Male Dancer in a Broadway Show, and for an Audience Choice Awards for Favorite Featured Actor in a Musical. He was cast in a co-starring role in the Jordan Barker film "Witches in the Woods" (2019), The project also stars Hannah Kasulka, and Sasha Clements. Bleu filmed an independent movie titled "Ovid and the Art of Love". Filmed partially at the old St. Agnus Church in Michigan, the project also stars John Savage, Tamara Feldman and Tara Summers.

Bleu is working on an upcoming project, "The Day I Died", about the consequences of bullying. Bleu will star as the conman Frank Abagnale, in a production of "Catch Me If You Can" at Arena Stage, which will run October 23 to December 13. The musical is based on the hit film of the same name, and is created by Terrence McNally, Scott Wittman and Marc Shaiman; it's about a real life conman and the detective charged with tracking him down. The musical will be directed by Arena Stage artistic director Molly Smith.

In September 2013, Bleu took part in the seventeenth-season of ABC's dancing competition "Dancing with the Stars". He finished as runner-up.
In the series, he partnered with professional dancer Karina Smirnoff. Bleu and Smirnoff were one of six couples still in the running to be crowned "Dancing with the Stars", seventeenth-season champions. Bleu wrote in his "People" blog. "It's nice to be able to see the finish line, but it's also very motivating. We don't want to lose any moment. We really want to make sure we end strong".

Bleu danced a Viennese waltz to the "Game of Thrones theme music" — while dressed as the Dothraki, Khal Drogo. Bleu revealed during rehearsals that "Game of Thrones" was his very favorite show, and his passion came through in his performance. However, while the judges liked the intense, epic feeling of the dance, Len felt there was not enough technical substance in the routine 23 Score. Bleu noted the jazz dance should be "pretty sick" and had hints of Michael Jackson in it. Bleu also revealed it featured a little "tap section" at the end, and because Smirnoff had never tapped before, he was thrilled to be able to teach her something for once.

On October 18, 2013, appeared with his professional dancer Karina Smirnoff on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", to give a fiery performance, and after taking a turn in the splash tank, he then performed a Cha-cha-cha, Foxtrot or Contemporary routine, vying for America's vote for the first time. The partners scored high with the judges, earning a 27/30, making them the first safe couple of the night. Keyshawn Johnson and Sharna Burgess, however, were the first to be eliminated during the week, leaving 11 couples in the ballroom. Bleu and Smirnoff also won the week's "Dance-Off Challenge" and therefore received three bonus points. Corbin and his partner made it to the finals, but became the runners-up behind Amber Riley.

In November 2017, Bleu returned to 25th season of the show and in Week 8, he performed in a trio Salsa with Jordan Fisher and his professional partner Lindsay Arnold. Bleu and Fisher havd some startling similarities in their personalities, so they were very excited to finally get to work together, After the trio delivered their Salsa to audiences, they ended with a score of 30 from the judges, Bruno Tonioli said that this was "one of the best dances in the show's history".

Season 17 with professional partner Karina Smirnoff.
Season 25 with Jordan Fisher and his professional partner Lindsay Arnold.

Bleu's first professionally recorded song was titled "Circles" or "Circles in My Mind" for his then TV show, "Flight 29 Down". Bleu signed a contract with Hollywood Records, a Disney-owned label. His debut album "Another Side", was released in May 2007. The album debuted at No. 36 on the "Billboard" 200 album charts, selling 18,000 in its first week. The album fuses rhythm and blues with hip-hop and other pop genres in an upbeat, wholesome commercial blend. Bleu, who admires Prince, Michael Jackson, and Justin Timberlake, cowrote five songs on the album. In 2007 he toured in support of Another Side with the teen sister duo Aly & AJ.

Blue worked with Ne-Yo on "I Get Lonely," and with other performers such as Matthew Gerrard and Eric Hudson. A music video for his first single, "Push It to the Limit" premiered on the Disney Channel, and was used to promote the movie "Jump In!" "Push It to the Limit" reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and his second single, "Deal With It", was originally written and sung by Jay Sean. He later gave it to Corbin Bleu, whose version of the song features background vocals by Jay Sean. The song earned Jay Sean a BMI Songwriter Award. peaking at No. 15. He sang the duet "Still There for Me" with Vanessa Hudgens for his debut album "Another Side".

Bleu toured with fellow "High School Musical" cast members from late November 2006 to late January 2007 in "", and with Drake Bell and Aly & AJ performing in about 40 different cities. To promote his debut album, Bleu performed at the "Nextfest Summer Tour" with the teen sister duo Aly & AJ and Drake Bell with Special Guest Bianca Ryan.

On "Another Side", he wrote or co-wrote five of the album's twelve songs. He wrote two songs that appear as bonus tracks on the European version. One of those tracks was titled "Shake It Off", an ode to the musician Prince. His debut single "Run It Back Again" was featured in the movie "Minutemen", on January 22, 2008. The song is also featured on "Radio Disney Jams, Vol. 10".

Bleu performed at the "Crawford County Fair Grandstand" with Vanessa Hudgens, during an August 18, 2008. During this time, Bleu performed at the "Michigan State Fair" with Raven-Symoné, during an August 25, 2008.

His second album "Speed of Light" was released on March 10, 2009, via Hollywood Records. In an interview with "Billboard", Bleu stated that:

The album's first single, "Moments That Matter", was performed by Bleu at . It was released as a teaser from the music video. The song has been featured in Bleu's movie "Free Style", alongside release of a music video for the song.

The album failed to debut on Billboard Top 200 album charts. Producer Eric Hudson was attached to the project, along with songwriter/lyricist Claude Kelly. Bleu performed the planned tracks "Close", "Whatever It Takes", and "Champion" on a summer concert tour with singer/actor Justin Stein. According to media sources, the album sold less than 4,000 in its first week, despite promotion from Myspace. The album spawned the single "Celebrate You" that was released in January 2009. Bleu performed that song at Disneyland as part of the 25th anniversary of the Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade. The song is the official song for the "Year of Celebration" at the Disneyland Resort and the "What Will You Celebrate?" campaign at the Walt Disney World.

In 2009, Bleu sang the duet "If We Were a Movie" with Miley Cyrus for the "Hannah Montana 3" soundtrack album. Bleu performed Michael Jackson's song, "Human Nature" during a July 14, 2009 concert on the Disney Wonder cruise ship.

In 2017, Bleu signed a one-album recording contract with Ghostlight Records to distribute his "Holiday Inn, The New Irving Berlin Musical" soundtrack music, was released digitally on June 2, 2017. The album featured twenty-one songs, and was produced by Kurt Deutsch with Todd Whitelock serving as coproducer and Universal Stage Productions as executive producer.

Bleu released his a two-album recording contract with Ghostlight Records to distribute his "Kiss Me, Kate" soundtrack music, the 24th cast album recording for Roundabout Theatre Company, since launching the musical theatre program with "She Loves Me" in 1993. the album will be recorded on April 22, 2019. The album featured eighteen songs. produced by Kurt Deutsch and Lawrence Manchester, was released digitally on June 7, 2019.

In his interview with Paul Wontorek, Bleu discussed that he is naturally a Lyric Baritone. His trained voice has been described as being "decent and pleasant which fits well into both pop and R&B". As a musical theatre performer, Bleu claimed that he is a huge fan of Brian d'Arcy James and says that he gets vocal influences from him. Due to his dancing, songwriting, and dance-influenced sound, Corbin Bleu has earned comparisons to Justin Timberlake.

In December 2005, Bleu served Thanksgiving dinner and Christmas Eve lunch at a Los Angeles homeless shelter with Jennifer Love Hewitt.

In 2011, Bleu as a frequent volunteer worker, worked for charities such as Starlight Children's Foundation, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, and served Thanksgiving dinner and Christmas Eve lunch at a Los Angeles homeless shelter with Debby Ryan in 2008. Bleu has been a supporter of Do Something, hosting the sixth annual Do Something Awards in 2009. In May 2011, Bleu also attended the Do Something Awards kick-off event. He teamed up with Aimee Teegarden, Kevin Jonas and JoJo during the event to honor the thirteen nominees for the Do Something Award that gave $100,000 in recognition of their outstanding activism.

In 2011, Bleu began dating actress Sasha Clements, whom he had first met in a Toronto grocery store. On October 15, 2014, he proposed to Clements in front of Cinderella's Castle at Orlando's Disney World with an engagement ring placed inside a glass slipper. They later appeared on TLC reality series "Say Yes to the Dress", which documented the bride-to-be's search for the perfect wedding gown. They married in the presence of 160 guests at Hummingbird Nest in Santa Susana, California on July 23, 2016.









</doc>
<doc id="3591307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3591307" title="Jeremy James Kissner">
Jeremy James Kissner

Jeremy James Kissner is an American actor.

Kissner's first film role was in 1998's remake of "Great Expectations", playing the younger version of Ethan Hawke's character.

After an appearance on the television series "Melrose Place", he starred in the lead role of the 1999 remake of "A Dog of Flanders".

Kissner subsequently appeared on several television series, including "ER" and "Touched by an Angel", as well as in several independent films.

From 2005 to 2007, he appeared in the Discovery Kids series "Flight 29 Down" as Eric.


</doc>
<doc id="3591316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3591316" title="Jeff Bollow">
Jeff Bollow

Jeff Bollow (born September 25, 1971 in Santa Monica, California) is an actor, writer, director, producer, author, public speaker, and film festival organizer. He is the author of "Writing FAST: How to Write Anything with Lightning Speed", the producer/director of the ATOM Award-winning "Making Fantastic Short Films", and the founder of Australia's Screenplay Development Centre. In May 2015, he delivered the TED Talk "Expand Your Imagination Exponentially" at TEDxDocklands in Melbourne, Australia.

Born and raised in Los Angeles, Bollow began acting as a teenager, appearing in dozens of film, television, stage, and commercial productions, including "Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead", "Ann Jillian", "Columbo", "Pink Lightning" and "Gabriel's Fire", as well as television commercials for Kellogg's Pop-Tarts, Doritos, Visa, and several others.

During this time, he also did a wide assortment of production work, starting with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen's first music video Brother for Sale, before working for companies such as Universal Pictures, Roger Corman's Concorde/New Horizons, and several music video companies. He eventually began making his own short films, including the IFC New Filmmaker Award-winning 1995 short "The Duel".

In 1996, Bollow moved to New Zealand, where he continued acting, with minor appearances in Shortland Street, "Lost Valley", Young Hercules (as an ADR actor), and several others. While in New Zealand, he wrote "6,000 Miles from Hollywood", an independent feature film co-produced with Billy Milionis in Sydney, Australia on a shoestring budget, a project which was abandoned in post-production after seven years.

Unable to find commercially viable screenplays in Australia to develop, Bollow launched the Screenplay Development Centre in 2000, which presented screenwriting workshops and seminars throughout Australia, New Zealand and internationally.

In 2004, Bollow designed a systematic approach to the writing process he dubbed "the FAST System", an acronym for Focus, Apply, Strengthen, Tweak. He authored a book called "Writing FAST: How to Write Anything with Lightning Speed", which was briefly an Amazon.com bestseller in May 2005.

In 2009, Bollow launched a comprehensive, 10-month online screenplay development system called FAST Screenplay, an expansion of his earlier FAST System.

On May 3, 2015, he delivered the TED Talk "Expand Your Imagination Exponentially" at TEDxDocklands in Melbourne, Australia.

Eager to reignite his directing career, Bollow produced and directed "Making Fantastic Short Films", a widely praised educational DVD for primary and secondary schools, and winner of the prestigious 2007 ATOM Award for Best Instructional/Training Resource. "MFSF" was also nominated for Best Primary Education Resource and Best Secondary Education Resource.

Bollow went on to direct several episodes of "Pacific Beat St", a television series for TV3 in New Zealand, and the full-length play "Five Women Wearing the Same Dress", the inaugural production of the PGT Theatre in Sydney.

With business partner Bret Gibson, Bollow was co-founder of the Big Mountain Short Film Festival in Ohakune, New Zealand, and served as festival director and host for its first two years.

Bollow was a co-author of "Apple Training Series: iLife 08", a book for Apple and Peachpit Press, for which he wrote the chapters on the iMovie 08 consumer video editing software.

He was invited to the jury of the Kuala Lumpur International Film Festival in 2007, and returned to deliver his "Making Movies Outside Hollywood" seminar in 2008. He appeared onstage to present the award for Best North American Film.

He is currently in Los Angeles writing a new book entitled "Phenomenal: The Self-Fulfilling Prophecy" and a related website called "The Phenomenal Experience".



</doc>
<doc id="3591874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3591874" title="Walter Cartier">
Walter Cartier

Walter Cartier (March 29, 1922 – August 17, 1995) was a professional boxer and actor, originally from the Bronx in New York City, New York.

He became a professional boxer after World War II. Film director Stanley Kubrick's first film, "Day of the Fight" (1951), featured Cartier and his twin brother, Vincent. After this, Walter Cartier tried his hand at acting in other films such as "Somebody Up There Likes Me" (1956) and television.

Today, he is best known for his role in the classic United States sitcom "The Phil Silvers Show", appearing as the mild-mannered Private Claude Dillingham. One memorable episode was written around Cartier and his boxing skills.

As a professional boxer, Cartier fought some of the best fighters of his era, including Gene Hairston, Billy Kilgore, Garth Panther, Randy Sandy, Bobby Dykes, Gene Boland and Billy Kilroy (all of whom he beat) as well as Pierre Langlois (a ten round draw), Rocky Castellani, and world champions Kid Gavilán, Joey Giardello, Carl Olson and Randy Turpin.. The fight with Turpin was controversial; fought on March 17, 1953 at Kensington's Earl's Court Express in England, it ended with Cartier being disqualified for holding in round two, and his brother Vincent attacked the fight's referee as Walter himself went after Turpin, after the bout was already over. As a result, Cartier was fined 1,000 British pounds.

Cartier, who never fought for a world title despite having faced these four former world champions, finished his professional boxing career with a record of 46 wins, 13 losses and 2 draws (ties); 24 wins and 9 losses were by knockout.

Cartier's ancestry was Irish, his grandfather having changed the family name from McCarthy, initially to Carter, and later to Cartier.


</doc>
<doc id="3593142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3593142" title="Sam Pancake">
Sam Pancake

Sam Pancake is an American actor.

Pancake has appeared in numerous commercials and has appeared on a number of popular television shows, including "Curb Your Enthusiasm",
"Wings", "Will & Grace", 
"Friends", "The King of Queens", "Charmed", "Fat Actress" and "Arrested Development". He also appeared in the 2011 film "A Holiday Engagement".

He previously starred on the FOX television show "Kitchen Confidential" and starred in the Lifetime Television series "Lovespring International". Pancake also played Mable in the 2008 independent feature film "Ready? OK!"

Pancake graduated from Hampshire High School in West Virginia and currently resides in Los Angeles.

He is the brother of Catherine Pancake and Ann Pancake, a writer.

Pancake is gay. He told the "Advocate" magazine in 2010 that he most often portrays gay characters in numerous films and television series.


</doc>
<doc id="3595632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3595632" title="Robert LaSardo">
Robert LaSardo

Robert LaSardo is an American actor. 

LaSardo was born in Brooklyn, New York. He began his career studying at the High School of Performing Arts in New York City where he became an honors student , before going on to the Stella Adler Studio of Acting. He spent four years in the U.S. Navy. For two of those years, he handled Navy attack dogs in the Aleutian Islands. Due to his work in the Navy, he supports USA Cares, an organization that supports families of soldiers. 

LaSardo started his acting career in 1987 with the independent film China Girl by Abel Ferrara. After several smaller roles he appeared in award winning TV series such as The X-Files, Nip/Tuck or , most often playing the bad guy involved in drug dealing or even being the leader of a drug gang. He also played in several movies portraying similar ruthless characters, including blockbuster productions, such as "Waterworld" or "The Mule" with Clint Eastwood. In the last two decades he appeared often in independent horror movies, such as in "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)", "Autopsy" or "Parlor (film)" where he plays a tattoo artist in the lead role. 

LaSardo lives with his family on the West Coast in California. He's published several books, including his autobiography.





</doc>
<doc id="3598269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3598269" title="Steven Weber">
Steven Weber

Steven Robert Weber (born March 4, 1961) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and singer. He is best known for his role as Brian Hackett on the television show "Wings" which aired from April 1990 to May 1997 on NBC and as Sam Blue in "Once and Again". He had a recurring role on "iZombie" as Vaughn du Clark. He plays Mayor Douglas Hamilton on "" in a recurring role.

Weber was born in Briarwood, Queens, New York. His mother, Fran (née Frankel), was a nightclub singer, and his father, Stuart Weber, was a nightclub performer and manager of Borscht Belt comedians. Weber embraces his Jewish heritage despite not having received a formal religious education. Weber graduated from Manhattan's High School of Performing Arts (1979) and the State University of New York at Purchase.

Weber started appearing in TV commercials in the third grade. After leaving college, he became a member of the Mirror Repertory Company and appeared opposite legendary actress Geraldine Page in several productions before winning a role as Julianne Moore's ill-tempered and ill-fated boyfriend on the CBS daytime drama "As the World Turns" in 1985-86. He appeared in several motion pictures and TV mini-series, such as "The Flamingo Kid", "Hamburger Hill", and the acclaimed "The Kennedys of Massachusetts" (as the young John F. Kennedy).

His best-known role is as Brian Hackett, a skirt-chasing airplane pilot on the sitcom "Wings". Several years later, Weber starred in his own short-lived half-hour comedy "Cursed" (later renamed "The Weber Show"), joined the cast of ABC's "Once and Again" as the tortured artist Sam Blue, and starred the next year in the acclaimed show "The D.A.", also for ABC. Weber also had lead roles in the 1990s hit movies "Single White Female" and "Jeffrey".

Weber first appeared on Broadway in Tom Stoppard's "The Real Thing" and in 2001-2002 took over for Matthew Broderick as Leo Bloom in the Broadway production of "The Producers". In 2005, he appeared alongside Kevin Spacey in London at the Old Vic's production of "National Anthems". Weber also wrote and produced 2003's "Clubland", a Showtime movie in which he and Alan Alda played father and son talent agents in 1950s New York City (for which Alda was nominated for an Emmy).

He appeared in four Stephen King adaptations: "Desperation" (2006), "You Know They Got a Hell of a Band" from the "Nightmares & Dreamscapes"(2006) mini-series, ”Revelations of Becka Paulson” from the “Outer Limits” revival series, and in the television mini-series version of Stephen King's "The Shining" (1997), playing the murderous writer Jack Torrance. He also narrated the audiobook version of King's novel "It". In 1998, he played the voice of wisecracking Alsatian Charlie B. Barkin in "An All Dogs Christmas Carol", a role he earlier played in 1996 in "".

In 2007, he rejoined former "Wings" co-star Tony Shalhoub in a guest role on "Monk". The same year, Weber played the role of network boss Jack Rudolph in the NBC series "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip". In 2008, Weber starred in Alliance Group Entertainment's feature film "Farm House", where he played Samael, a mysterious vineyard owner. Weber also guest starred on the drama series "Brothers and Sisters" as Graham Finch, a business specialist. He also guest-starred on "Psych" as Jack Spencer, Shawn Spencer's uncle and Henry Spencer's brother. He also starred on "Desperate Housewives" in 2008. Weber appeared as a recurring guest on the 2008-09 season of the CBS crime drama "Without a Trace".

He was recently part of the cast of the now cancelled ABC show "Happy Town" and had a major role in the TV movie "" in which he played the villain "Hugh J. Magnate Jr." He stars occasionally in the live action comic "Puddin"', alongside actor Eddie Pepitone. He narrated an unabridged audio book of Stephen King's "It". Between 2012 and 2017, Weber provided the voices of several characters on the Disney XD animated series "Ultimate Spider-Man". In 2014, Weber rejoined former "Wings" co-star Rebecca Schull in "Chasing Life" in recurring character roles. In 2017, Weber made a guest appearance in the "Curb Your Enthusiasm" (episode: "The Shucker").

Weber was married to actress Finn Carter from 1985 to 1992.

In 1995, he became engaged to Juliette Hohnen, then the Los Angeles bureau chief for MTV News, and they married on July 29 that year at Highclere Castle in Berkshire, England. Hohnen filed for divorce on February 6, 2013, after 17 years of marriage. The couple have two sons.

Weber is a supporter of the Democratic Party.



</doc>
<doc id="3598495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3598495" title="Frankie Faison">
Frankie Faison

Frankie Russel Faison (born June 10, 1949), often credited as Frankie R. Faison, is an American actor known for his role as Deputy Commissioner Ervin Burrell in the HBO series "The Wire" and as Barney Matthews in the "Hannibal Lecter" franchise.

Faison was born in Newport News, Virginia, the son of Carmena (née Gantt) and Edgar Faison. He studied drama at Illinois Wesleyan University in Bloomington, Illinois, where he joined Theta Chi fraternity. He also attended NYU's Graduate Acting Program, graduating in 1974.

Faison started his acting career in 1974 in the New York Shakespeare Festival production of "King Lear", with James Earl Jones in the title role. Faison would later appear opposite Jones in the Broadway premiere of "Fences", for which he received a nomination for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play. Faison's next role came in TV, in the short-lived series "Hot Hero Sandwich" in 1979. Faison did not make it to the big screen until 1980, when he appeared in "Permanent Vacation" as "Man in Lobby". A string of small roles followed until 1986, when he played the part of Lt. Fisk in "Manhunter". Also that year, he appeared in the comedy "The Money Pit", as an unruly construction worker, and in the Stephen King film "Maximum Overdrive". In 1988, he appeared alongside Eddie Murphy and James Earl Jones in "Coming to America" in the role of a landlord and won a minor role in the 1989 Spike Lee film "Do the Right Thing". Faison also appeared in 1996's "The Rich Man's Wife" as Detective Ron Lewis. He also appeared in the 1999 remake of "The Thomas Crown Affair" as Detective Paretti. Faison is notable for being the most frequent actor to appear in adaptations of Thomas Harris' "Hannibal" books: along with "Manhunter", he also appeared as Lector's jailer Barney in "The Silence of the Lambs", the sequel "Hannibal" and the prequel "Red Dragon".

During the 1990–1991 season, he starred in the Fox situation comedy "True Colors" with Stephanie Faracy and Nancy Walker about an interracial couple. He was replaced by Cleavon Little for the second season of the program. In 1991, Faison again appeared alongside Hopkins in the film "Freejack", which also starred Mick Jagger and "Maximum Overdrive" co-star Emilio Estevez. In 1998, he was a regular on the science-fiction TV show "Prey". In the 2003 film "Gods and Generals", Faison played the role of Jim Lewis, a freed-slave, who shares his religious faith and optimism with CSA General Thomas J. "Stonewall" Jackson as the General's personal cook. In 2004, he starred as JoJo Anderson in "The Cookout" and appeared in "White Chicks". Faison had a starring role as the Baltimore City Police Commissioner Ervin Burrell on the HBO drama "The Wire".

Faison appeared in Tyler Perry's "Meet The Browns", a movie about a single mom who takes her family to Georgia for the funeral of her father—a man she never met. There, her clan is introduced to the crass, fun-loving Brown family. Faison played the role of Brown and Vera's brother, L.B. Brown. In 2009, he was also among the ensemble cast of John Krasinski's adaptation of "Brief Interviews With Hideous Men" playing the son of a toilet attendant who caustically recounts his father's experiences in one of the titular monologues.

Faison played Richard Evans on "One Life to Live" from 2009 through 2012.

He has recently appeared in episodes of "Blue Bloods", which also stars Tom Selleck, as an assistant police commissioner. His main film role in this period was as Harlan in the film "Adam". He also appeared in a third season episode of "Lie to Me".

Faison played the role of Sugar Bates, a prizefighter turned tavernkeeper, on the Cinemax program "Banshee". He appeared as Henry "Pop" Hunter in the Netflix series "Luke Cage", and played a supporting role in the 2016 Amazon Studios original special "".



</doc>
<doc id="3598829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3598829" title="Richard Fancy">
Richard Fancy

Richard Ronald Fancy (born August 2, 1943) is an American actor and Comedian known for his long recurring role on "Seinfeld" as publisher Mr. Elliott Lippman, Elaine Benes's first major employer on the series. He appeared on the third and fourth seasons of "It's Garry Shandling's Show" as network boss Mr. Stravely. He also plays the Priest in the 1991 film "What About Bob?", and was Kevin Arnold's high school principal, Dr. Valenti, in the fourth and fifth seasons of "The Wonder Years". He also appeared in Oliver Stone's "Nixon" (1995) and "Primal Force" (1999).

He had two memorable appearances in late 2005 on "Boston Legal", as a crooked Catholic priest; appeared on "The Wonder Years"; as mob financier Bernie Abrahms on "General Hospital" from October 20, 2006, to October 22, 201 (and also as his brother, Bennie, from 1997 to 2003); and as Capt. Satelk in episode 119 of "".

Richard Fancy was born August 2, 1943, in Evanston, Illinois, to salesman Raymond Chester Fancy (born 29 Sep 1903 in Canada; died 24 Aug 1978 in Sherman Oaks, CA), and a radio performer mother. Richard Fancy is named after his paternal grandmother, Magdelene Richard. He is married to Joanna Fass, the daughter of screenwriters George and Gertrude Fass; they have two children.


</doc>
<doc id="3598839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3598839" title="Tony Alcantar">
Tony Alcantar

Tony Alcantar (born c. 1960) is an American actor. He has done improv work with the Windy City Women Improv Troupe, acted in TV shows and films, provided voice acting for TV animation and video games, and worked as a dialect coach.

Alcantar toured and performed with The Second City in both Toronto and London, Ontario. From 1989 to 1998, Alcantar taught at the Players Workshop of The Second City, directing 16 shows there. He has a BA in Theater and MFA in Acting from the Theatre Conservatory at Roosevelt University in Chicago, where he taught as well.

After relocating to Vancouver, British Columbia, in 1999, Alcantar landed guest star or recurring roles on numerous shows, including "Stargate SG-1", "Dead Like Me", "Da Vinci's Inquest", "The Dead Zone", "The Collector", "Andromeda", "Dark Angel", "Millennium", "Strange World", "", "Just Deal", "Cold Squad", "Los Luchadores", "The Outer Limits", and "Breaking News". He had a recurring role on NBC's series "American Dreams".

Alcantar performed in the mockumentary "Best in Show", the all-improvised film directed by Christopher Guest. He also appeared in "MVPII", "The Rhino Brothers", "", "The Charlie's Angels Story", "Chestnut: Hero of Central Park", "Hope Springs", "Fantastic Four", "His and Her Christmas" and "In the Land of Women".

Alcantar has had lead and principal roles in the animated shows "Slammin' Sammy", "Being Ian", "", "Inspector Gadget and the Gadgetinis", "", "Gundam Wing", "Journey to the Center of the Earth", and "MegaMan NT Warrior". He has provided both voice and body to the upcoming Electronic Arts' video game "" and did multiple voices for "SSX On Tour". Alcantar has also been the dialect coach on the features "Slither", "Whisper", and "The Wicker Man". He has worked as a dialect coach on the TV shows "Fargo" and "Fear the Walking Dead".

In 2017, he played a minor role as the Mayor of Fillydelphia in the "" episode "A Royal Problem".




</doc>
<doc id="3599248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3599248" title="Kent Broadhurst">
Kent Broadhurst

Kent Broadhurst (born February 4, 1940) is an American actor, playwright, and screenwriter.

He has appeared in a number of off-Broadway and regional theater productions. Broadhurst has also acted in films, including "The Verdict", "Silkwood", and "Silver Bullet", and in television productions including "Babylon 5", "Law & Order", "War and Remembrance", and "Kane and Abel".

His credits as a playwright include "They're Coming To Make It Brighter", "Lemons", "The Eye of the Beholder", and "The Habitual Acceptance of the Near Enough", all first produced at the Humana Festival at the Actors Theatre of Louisville. He wrote the screenplay for the 2001 television film "Wild Iris".

Broadhurst was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Nebraska in 1962, and now lives in New York.


</doc>
<doc id="3600569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3600569" title="Philip Bourneuf">
Philip Bourneuf

Philip Bourneuf (January 7, 1908 - March 23, 1979) was an American character actor who had a long stage career before appearing in films.

The son of engineer Ambrose Bourneuf and his wife, the former Josephine Comeau, Bourneuf was born in Somerville, Massachusetts.

Bourneuf's obituary in "The New York Times" noted, "Mr. Bourneuf was included in the small circle of distinguished actors who appeared in the original casts of the American Repertory Theater, a group founded by Eva Le Gallienne, Margaret Webster, and Cheryl Crawford." 

In the 1930s, Boruneuf acted as part of the Federal Theatre Project.

A founding member of the Actors Studio, one of Bourneuf's more memorable roles was as the district attorney who maneuvers the apparently innocent Dana Andrews into the electric chair in "Beyond a Reasonable Doubt" (1956). His last screen role was in the 1976 television mini-series "Captains and the Kings".

Bourneuf made three guest appearances on "Perry Mason". In 1960, he played Asa Culver in "The Case of the Prudent Prosecutor." In 1963 he played murder victim Edgar Thorne in "The Case of the Lawful Lazarus," and in 1965 he played defendant Victor Montalvo in "The Case of the Golden Girls." He also appeared in other television series like "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and "Dr. Kildare".

Bourneuf was married to actress Frances Reid from 1940 until his death in March 1979. They had no children.

On March 23, 1979, Bourneuf was found dead in his apartment in Santa Monica, California, at age 71.



</doc>
<doc id="3600962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3600962" title="Lee Aaker">
Lee Aaker

Lee William Aaker (born September 25, 1943) is an American former child actor known for his appearance as Rusty "B-Company" in the television program "The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin".

Aaker's mother, Mrs. Myles Wilbour, was the owner of a dancing school in Los Angeles. (Another source says that she "ran a children's theatre academy" and that at age 4 she had Aaker "singing and dancing at local clubs.")

On television as a young child, he started appearing uncredited at the age of 8 in films such as "The Greatest Show on Earth" (1952) and "High Noon" (1952). He quickly moved to featured status by the end of that year.

He showed talent as the kidnapped Indian "Red Chief" in a segment of the film "O. Henry's Full House" (1952) and another kidnap victim as the son of scientist Gene Barry in "The Atomic City" (1952).

In 1953, he co-starred in the John Wayne western classic "Hondo" (1953) as the curious blond son of homesteader Geraldine Page.

He also appeared in other film styles such as the "film noir" thriller "Jeopardy" (1953) with Barbara Stanwyck, the horse opera drama "Arena" (1953) with Gig Young, and the comedies "Mister Scoutmaster" (1953) with Clifton Webb and "Ricochet Romance" (1954) with Marjorie Main.

In 1953-54, Aaker was among the many child actors who auditioned for the role of "Jeff Miller" on the original 1954 "Lassie" series, which later aired as "Jeff's Collie". That role went to Tommy Rettig. Two weeks later, Aaker won the role of "Rusty" on "The Adventures of Rin-Tin-Tin", co-starring James Brown (1920–1992) as Lieutenant Ripley "Rip" Masters. Aaker and Rettig were friends, and both shows were popular with audiences. The two actors and the two star dogs appeared together in a photograph used on the cover of the July 2, 1955 issue of "TV Guide".

Aaker told a newspaper reporter that when he reached the age of 21, he was paid a $10,000 lump sum by the studio that produced "Rin Tin Tin" "and he spent the rest of the '60s traveling around the world 'as sort of a flower child.'" Unable to find work as an adult actor, Aaker got involved as a producer and later worked as a carpenter.

In the late 1960s, Aaker was married to Sharon Ann Hamilton for two years. He has resided in Mammoth Lakes, California, for many years and is a special-needs ski instructor.

In 2005, Aaker won the Golden Boot Award as "Kids of the West".



</doc>
<doc id="3609917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3609917" title="Dax Shepard">
Dax Shepard

Dax Randall Shepard (born January 2, 1975) is an American actor, writer, director and podcast host. He is best known for his work in the feature films "Without a Paddle" (2004), "" (2005), "Employee of the Month" (2006), "Idiocracy" (2006), "Let's Go to Prison" (2006), "Hit and Run" (2012), and "CHiPs" (2017), the last pair of which he also wrote and directed, and the MTV practical joke reality series "Punk'd" (2003). He portrayed Crosby Braverman in the NBC comedy-drama series "Parenthood" from 2010 to 2015. Since 2018, he has hosted the popular podcast "Armchair Expert". He plays Luke Matthews in the Netflix show "The Ranch" and co-stars in "ABC"s "Bless This Mess".

Shepard was born in Highland Township, Oakland County, Michigan, in suburban Detroit. He is the son of Laura LaBo, who worked at General Motors (GM), and David Robert "Dave" Shepard, Sr. (deceased), who was a car salesman. His parents divorced when he was 3 years old.

Shepard's mother developed a substantial business by the time he was in high school. She worked car shows with traveling events at race tracks. She started as a janitor on the midnight shift at GM, then worked in fleet management at the GM proving grounds in Milford, Michigan, then hosted hospitality days for all the GM family members, eventually moving into public relations at an ad agency. She went back to GM, becoming the owner of four shops that managed publicity events for magazine journalists. From the age of 14 to 18, Shepard worked for his mother on the road, going from racetrack to racetrack. For about two years, Shepard had a stepfather who was an engineer on the Corvette. Shepard's mother has been married four times; Shepard said he's had three stepfathers.

According to Shepard, his mother named him for the rich playboy Dax (Diogenes Alejandro Xenos), in Harold Robbins' novel "The Adventurers". He has an older brother, David Shepard, who lives in Oregon, and a younger half-sister, Carly Hatter, whom he cast in two films: 2012's "Hit and Run" and 2017's "CHiPs".

Shepard has said that he was raised in Milford, although he lived in a lot of places in suburban Detroit, growing up primarily in Walled Lake, Michigan. He graduated from Walled Lake Central High School in 1993 before enrolling in The Groundlings school. After attending Santa Monica College and West Los Angeles College, Shepard transferred to UCLA, where he graduated "magna cum laude" with a B.A. in Anthropology. He had a deal with his mother that if he went to college she would pay his rent.

Shepard has said he wasn't interested in child-acting per se. He was a class clown in school, had a sense he was funny, and wanted to do stand-up. He has also said that he was more excited about being on talk shows than he was actually acting. Although he had friends who did stand-up in Detroit, he was too scared. Shepard thought if he moved to California "that commitment would force him to do it."

After a year in Santa Barbara, California, Shepard moved to Los Angeles in 1996. He found out about The Groundlings improv troupe from a friend from Santa Barbara, Kareem Elseify, ended up auditioning (the first time he acted), and took classes while also attending UCLA. After about five years of classes, he got into the Sunday Company of The Groundlings—in a group that included Melissa McCarthy, Fortune Feimster, Tate Taylor and Nat Faxon.

From 2003 onwards, Shepard became known from his work in the improv Candid Camera-type show, "Punk'd," with Ashton Kutcher. When the show had its 2012 revival, he continued to appear. Shepard said he auditioned for "Punk'd" and while doing the pilot became friendly with Kutcher, who arranged for him to get an agent. He had auditioned unsuccessfully for 10 years before landing the role in "Punk'd", his first.

In 2004, Shepard starred in the comedy "Without a Paddle", alongside Seth Green and Matthew Lillard. Although the film received negative reviews, it was a commercial success that as of 2009 had grossed more than US$65 million worldwide. In 2005 he starred as The Astronaut in "", a science fiction adventure fantasy film. In 2006, he appeared with Dane Cook and Jessica Simpson in the comedy "Employee of the Month" and in Mike Judge's film "Idiocracy" as the character Frito.

During the same time, Shepard began appearing in more films and landed his first main character role in "Let's Go to Prison" (2006), alongside Will Arnett and Chi McBride. He also had a main role in the 2008 comedy "Baby Mama", starring opposite Tina Fey and Amy Poehler. Shepard wrote the script for the Paramount venture "Get 'Em Wet", in which he again appeared with Arnett. In 2010, he wrote, directed and starred in the low-budget satirical mockumentary feature "Brother's Justice"; the film won an Audience Award at the 2010 Austin Film Festival. He also had a supporting role in the 2010 romantic comedy film "When in Rome", which also starred his future wife Kristen Bell.

From 2010 to 2015, Shepard was part of the main cast of the NBC drama "Parenthood", playing Crosby Braverman.

Shepard wrote, produced, co-directed, and starred in the 2012 low-budget film "Hit and Run" alongside Bell and his close friend Bradley Cooper. He said the movie, which includes numerous car chases and fast driving scenes, allowed him to live out his "Smokey and the Bandit" fantasy.

Shepard had a supporting role in the 2014 film "The Judge", which starred Robert Downey Jr., Robert Duvall and Vera Farmiga.

In September 2014, Dax starred with his wife, Kristen Bell, in a commercial for the Samsung Galaxy Tab S. It was so popular (with over 20 million YouTube views) that they did another commercial for the holiday season. The ad agency McKinney was behind both.

Shepard wrote and directed a feature-length film called "CHiPs," based on the 1977 to 1983 American crime drama of the same name, where he starred as Officer Jon Baker alongside Michael Peña as Frank "Ponch" Poncherello. The project was released by Warner Bros. on March 24, 2017 to negative reviews.

On February 14, 2018 Shepard launched the podcast "Armchair Expert" with cohost Monica Padman. The show explores the stories of their well-known guests. Featured guests on the show have included Kristen Bell, Ashton Kutcher, and Joy Bryant. On June 7, 2018 the show released their first episode of "Experts on Expert", in which Shepard and Padman interview experts in their fields. Featured experts on the show have included psychologist Wendy Mogel, comedian and author David Sedaris, and speechwriter Jon Favreau. The show was the most popular new podcast on iTunes in 2018. On December 3, 2019, it was revealed the Shepard will be a host of the revived "Top Gear America", which will debut on Motor Trend in Spring 2020.

Shepard met actress Kristen Bell, also a native of Detroit's northern suburbs, at the birthday party of a mutual friend; they began dating in late 2007. The couple announced their engagement in January 2010; however, they decided to delay marriage until the state of California passed legislation legalizing same-sex marriage. After section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act was ruled unconstitutional by the Supreme Court on June 26, 2013, Bell asked Shepard through Twitter to marry her, which he accepted. They were married at the Beverly Hills County Clerk's Office on October 17, 2013. They have two daughters, Lincoln and Delta, born in March 2013 and December 2014.

Shepard has said that, except for a year in high school when he used drugs (in 1992, leading to the police and his mother getting involved), he did not have a substance abuse problem until he was 18 years old. After many struggles, Shepard got sober in September 2004.

Shepard races motorcycles at Buttonwillow Raceway, including his Ducati Hypermotard 1100S and Suzuki GSX-R1000. He donates much of his time to the Hollenbeck Youth Center, an after-school program that provides opportunity to at-risk inner-city youth. He has served as their official Master of Ceremonies, along with his friend Tom Arnold, for the Inner-City Games and Hollenbeck Youth Center's Miracle on 1st Street Toy Giveaway Program in East Los Angeles.

He is an avid car enthusiast and can rebuild an engine. He has a 1967 Lincoln Continental (which was featured in the movie "Hit and Run") and races off-road.

Shepard and his wife are advocates of California Senate Bill 606, called "no-kids paparazzi". Bell said: "We're not saying that we can't be newsworthy. We're saying that our child is not newsworthy." California Senate Bill 606 passed in 2013, with testimony by actresses Halle Berry and Jennifer Garner.

Shepard practices the Transcendental Meditation program.



</doc>
<doc id="3611154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3611154" title="Eric Millegan">
Eric Millegan

Eric Millegan (born August 25, 1974) is an American actor, best known for his role as Dr. Zack Addy on the Fox series "Bones".

Millegan was born in Hackettstown, New Jersey, and raised in Springfield, Oregon. Eric attended high school at Springfield High School, where he was student body Vice President his senior year. He studied acting at the Interlochen Arts Camp at Interlochen Center for the Arts before studying musical theatre at the University of Michigan and receiving a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree.

Millegan is openly gay. "Out" magazine named him the "Hottest Up-and-Coming Openly Gay Actor of 2003."

In March 2010, Millegan came out as having bipolar disorder in "The Huffington Post".

Millegan married his long-time partner, Charles Michel, in New York City on June 28, 2012. He announced his union on Twitter.

On November 1, 2015, Millegan ran in the TCS New York City Marathon.



</doc>
<doc id="3612243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3612243" title="Akiva Schaffer">
Akiva Schaffer

Akiva D. Schaffer (; born December 1, 1977) is an American film director, actor and writer. He is a member of the comedy group the Lonely Island.

Schaffer was born in Berkeley, California to Jewish parents from New York.

In 2000, he graduated from the University of California, Santa Cruz with a degree in film.

After college, he and his childhood friends, Andy Samberg and Jorma Taccone, moved to Los Angeles and began making comedy movies. Taccone, the son of theater director Tony Taccone, brought home the film "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", a choice the other men teased as being "too theatrical". The film, however, inspired Schaffer to write an overwrought play, in the style of Tennessee Williams, called "The Lonely Island", in reference to their apartment. The name eventually extended to the comedy group itself. On the Internet, Schaffer got his start directing The Lonely Island's "The 'Bu", the group's record-breaking contribution to Channel 101, which was a parody of "The OC" and starred Sarah Chalke as Melissa, as well as Samberg and Taccone. Schaffer has contributed to several other Channel 101 productions as part of the Lonely Island.

In the fall of 2005, Schaffer was hired for "Saturday Night Live" where he directed, co-wrote, and edited the majority of the SNL Digital Shorts. Some notable shorts/songs include "Lazy Sunday", "I Just Had Sex", "Natalie's Rap", "Dick in a Box", "Peyton Manning for the United Way", "Iran So Far", "Jizz in My Pants", "Boombox", "I'm on a Boat", "Great Day", "Threw It on the Ground", "Jack Sparrow", "Like A Boss", "YOLO", "Semicolon", "Dear Sister", "Spring Break Anthem", "Shy Ronnie", and "Ras Trent". Schaffer directed and acted in the film "Hot Rod", which starred Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, Bill Hader, Danny McBride, Isla Fisher, Ian McShane, and Sissy Spacek, which was produced by "SNL"s Lorne Michaels. Schaffer directed the film "The Watch" starring Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Jonah Hill and Richard Ayoade, and written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, and he also co-directed/wrote/produced and starred in the film "". Schaffer was credited as an executive producer on the film "MacGruber". The film was co-written and directed by Jorma Taccone.

He also co-directed/created "Michael Bolton's Big, Sexy Valentine's Day Special" for Netflix with Scott Aukerman.

Schaffer directed four music videos for the band We Are Scientists and one for the Eagles of Death Metal.

In 2017, Schaffer guest-starred on NBC sitcom "Brooklyn Nine-Nine", portraying Brett Booth.

In 2019, Schaffer was announced as the director for a live action adaptation of "".

Schaffer is married to comedy writer and actress Liz Cackowski; they have two children.

In 2007, Schaffer won an Emmy for his participation in the production of "Dick in a Box". He was nominated for an Emmy for the song "Motherlover." He was featured in "People's" Sexiest Bachelor with Andy Samberg, as Sexiest Best Friends. He has also won two Writers Guild of America Award and a Peabody Award for his work on "Saturday Night Live". The Lonely Island was nominated in 2009 for a People's Choice Award and a Grammy Award.



</doc>
<doc id="3613660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3613660" title="Clint Ford">
Clint Ford

Clint Ford (born January 27, 1976) is an American screenwriter, actor, voice-over artist, and novelist. He is best known for his portrayal as the Klingon M'ven, of the Great House of Martok, in the video game, Star Trek Online. He is also known for his work in the American dubs of Japanese anime cartoon series, such as "Yû yû hakusho", "Blue Gender", and "Dragon Ball Z".

Ford was born in Fort Worth was raised in Bedford, Texas, and Longview, Texas. He studied Theatre Arts and Creative Writing at Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Upon his return to Texas, he lent his writing and vocal talents to the Radio Disney Network for several years.

His first on-camera appearance was in the 1995 television series, "The Hot Plate". His film debut was in the 2000 film, "Stingray".

Over the years, he has written several scripts for film and television.

In 2013, Ford published his first novel, "Cope".

Ford is also known as the voice of several well-known novelty items released by Gemmy Industries between 2004-2007, such as The Butler, Doctor Shivers, The All-Seeing Zultan, and ""Buck, the Animated Trophy"".

In 2018, Ford wrote the prequel screenplay for the 13th installment of the "Friday the 13th" franchise, reported in November 2018 by Ain't It Cool News.

He currently resides in North Richland Hills, Texas with his wife and four children.



</doc>
<doc id="3615127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3615127" title="Rex Linn">
Rex Linn

Rex Maynard Linn (born November 13, 1956) is an American film and television actor. He played the role of Frank Tripp in the television series "".

Linn was born in Spearman, Hansford County, Texas, the third child, and second son, of Darlene (née Deere) and James Paul Linn. In August 1969, his parents relocated the family to Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, where his father practiced law. There he attended Heritage Hall and later Casady School, an independent school affiliated with the Episcopal Church, and was employed part-time at the Oklahoma City Zoo. November 1975, after seeing Jack Nicholson in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", Linn announced he was an actor.

In his high-school production of "Fiddler on the Roof", after Linn demolished a set during a number, his drama coach ordered off the set... and with advice to direct his energy to some other field of endeavor, ending his high-school acting career. He graduated from Oklahoma State University in 1980.

After graduation, Linn worked his way up to VP of Energy Lending for the Lakeshore Bank, remaining with it until July 5, 1982, when the bank went insolvent. Linn was able to convince a talent agent to take a chance on him and represent him in the Oklahoma market. At the same time, he accepted a job with an oil company, overseeing field operations in western Oklahoma, all the while auditioning for film and TV commercial parts. After shooting some very bad commercials, he started landing small roles in various projects. It was during this time that he was given the opportunity to act in his first film, "Dark Before Dawn", which was being produced by his best friend, Edward K. Gaylord II.

In 1989, he was cast in his first substantial role, as serial killer Floyd Epps, in "Night Game", starring Roy Scheider. Following this film, and a part as the sheriff in a 1990 episode of "The Young Riders" (titled "Hard Time"), he decided it was time to head west. He began with small ones in theatrical films such as "My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys" (1991), "Thunderheart" (1992), "Sniper" (1993) and "Cliffhanger" (1993), and guest shots on TV series including "Northern Exposure", "Raven", and "The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.". Since "Cliffhanger" he has appeared in more than 35 films, with that number growing annually. Linn's most recent work includes an independent production, "Cockfight", originally titled "The Round and Round", which was released in 2004, "Zodiac" in 2005, and "Abominable" in 2006, with another picture, "The Garage", in production in 2006.

He had recurring roles in several TV series, most recently as Sgt. Frank Tripp on "", a role for which he was tricked into reading during the first season and which he held, as a series regular, until the end of the series.

He had a minor role in the webisode series playing as Mike Palmer, a father hiding in a neighbourhood in Georgia during a zombie apocalypse. It aired on AMC.com on October 3, 2011.

On June 29, 1994, Linn was honored with a star on Carpenter's Square Theatre Walk of Fame, in Oklahoma City. In 2004 he played a detective, in Clear and Present Danger. He was a celebrity co-host of the Oklahoma Film Society Real to Reel 2005: "Classic Monster Mash". He has narrated three audio books, "One Ranger" (2005), "A Man Called Cash" (2005), and "Missing Persons" (2006), as well as a documentary for the Oklahoma University InvestEd program, "Anatomy of Fraud – Catching a Con in Pottawatomie County in 2004". A similar documentary, "Anatomy of a Fraud: Catching Con in Logan County", also to be narrated by Linn, was described as being "in production" in 2005.

He currently is reported to be living in Sherman Oaks, California, with his dogs in cat suits, Jack and Choctaw. Linn is a University of Texas Longhorns fan, even taking the day off from his "" work to attend the 2005 Rose Bowl game when his beloved team played and won the 2005 national championship against University of Southern California.

He is a former chairman of the Oklahoma City chapter of Ducks Unlimited. In 1986, he won the state duck-calling competition, and came fourth in the national competition.

Linn is an active supporter of children's charities as well as the arts. On May 12, 2007, he was a celebrity award presenter at the National Association of Police Organizations TOP COPS award ceremony in Washington D.C..



</doc>
<doc id="3619436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3619436" title="Nick Zano">
Nick Zano

Nick Zano (born March 8, 1978) is an American actor. 

Zano is known for having played Vince in The WB's sitcom "What I Like About You". He hosted MTV's former infotainment program about the film industry, "Movie House", and briefly worked as an MTV News correspondent before he began an acting career. His recurring roles on television include Drew Pragin on "Melrose Place", Pete on "Happy Endings", P.J. Hillingsbrook on "90210", and Johnny on "2 Broke Girls". He also starred as a lead on the NBC sitcom "One Big Happy" and as Arthur in the TV series "Minority Report". He stars as Dr. Nathaniel "Nate" Heywood / Steel on The CW series "Legends of Tomorrow".

Zano was born in Nutley, New Jersey. He lived in Florida as a child. While attending Wellington High School he was active in the drama and television departments. Throughout his junior and senior years, he and his classmates produced a weekly off-beat skit comedy show that aired on the school's television station. While working on the show, Zano also wrote, starred in and directed student films that made their way to the JVC Universal Film Competition, a festival in which over 800 local high schools participate.

Shortly after graduating from high school, Zano moved to Hanover, Pennsylvania, and landed a job developing films and television projects for a small production company. During that time, he also was the associate producer for Living Position, a World AIDS Day television special hosted by Lou Diamond Phillips. While selling shoes in a trendy Los Angeles boutique, a customer went back to her office and told her supervisors she'd just met a man who would be a wonderful on-air personality. The woman was an employee at MTV, which led to Zano's hosting job of MTV's "Movie House". In 2003, he landed the role of Vince in The WB's sitcom "What I Like About You", starring Amanda Bynes and Jennie Garth. Zano made his first appearance in the second season and remained until the fourth and final season, which ended April 24, 2006. Afterwards, he went on to host and executive produce his MTV reality show "Why Can't I Be You?".

The following year, Zano appeared alongside Haylie Duff and Frankie Muniz in the independent romantic comedy "My Sexiest Year". The film, which received mixed reviews, had its world premiere at the 2007 Hamptons International Film Festival. In 2008 he appeared in a supporting role opposite Drake Bell in MGM's teen comedy film "College". Zano also appeared in "Beverly Hills Chihuahua" and "" later that year. In 2009, Zano co-starred in "The Final Destination", the fourth installment of the "Final Destination" film series. He also guest starred on the ABC sitcom "Cougar Town", starring Courteney Cox. In 2010, he had a recurring role on The CW's "Melrose Place".

In 2011 he started a recurring role on "2 Broke Girls" as Johnny, a graffiti artist who regularly flirts with Max (Kat Dennings). In 2011 he also co-starred in the romantic comedy "Scents and Sensibility" as Brandon. In 2012, Zano scored a recurring role on another CW series, "90210", in which he played a billionaire who goes into business with Annie (Shenae Grimes). In November 27, 2011, Zano starred as David Morretti in the ABC family Christmas themed movie "Desperately Seeking Santa" opposite Laura Vandervoort. Beginning in December 2012, Zano began a recurring role in season three of the ABC sitcom "Happy Endings" as Pete, Penny's new love interest.

In 2013, Zano appeared on Mom as Anna Faris' (main character's) boyfriend for two episodes.

In February 2014, Zano signed on to play the male lead in Liz Feldman and Ellen DeGeneres' NBC comedy pilot "One Big Happy". The show centers on Lizzy (played by Elisha Cuthbert), a lesbian who gets pregnant just as her straight male best friend Luke (the father of the child), played by Zano, meets and marries the love of his life, Prudence. The show was ordered to series on May 9, 2014, and debuted mid-season in early 2015. In 2015, Zano starred as Arthur, described as having a hard shell, borne of years of difficult experience in the outside world that Dash avoided, in the Fox show "Minority Report", based on the 2002 Steven Spielberg film of the same name.

In 2016, Zano was cast as Dr. Nate Heywood/Citizen Steel, a historian whose grandfather was the hero known as Commander Steel, a member of the Justice Society of America on The CW show "Legends of Tomorrow".

Zano is in a relationship with actress Leah Renee Cudmore. In July 2016, she gave birth to their son. Their second child, a daughter, was born in 2018.


</doc>
<doc id="3621878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3621878" title="Wings Hauser">
Wings Hauser

Gerald Dwight "Wings" Hauser (born December 12, 1947) is an American actor and occasional director. He received an Independent Spirit Award nomination for his supporting role in "Tough Guys Don't Dance" (1987).

Hauser was born in Hollywood, California, the son of Geraldine (née Thienes) and director and producer Dwight Hauser (1911–1969). His brother is actor Erich Hauser. In 1967, Hauser landed his first acting role as a marine rifleman in the World War II-drama "First to Fight.

In 1975, Hauser released an album for RCA entitled "Your Love Keeps Me Off the Streets". For this LP, he used the name Wings Livinryte. Hauser first attracted notice in 1977 in "The Young and the Restless" as Greg Foster. He starred in the 1982 made-for-TV-movie "Hear No Evil" as Garrard. Hauser has appeared in 41 television series, including recurring roles in "Beverly Hills 90210", "Murder, She Wrote" and "Roseanne", and a brief cameo as a juror in the season 4 episode "Mr. Monk Gets Jury Duty" of "Monk".

In 1983, he wrote the story that became the Paramount box-office hit "Uncommon Valor". Hauser appeared in the 1982 movie "Vice Squad", as the pimp "Ramrod," and also performed the song "Neon Slime" for the opening and closing credits. He also appeared in "Deadly Force", "No Safe Haven", "Tough Guys Don't Dance", and the French movie "Rubber", which is directed by French musician Quentin Dupieux.

Hauser has a daughter, Bright Hauser, from his first marriage to Jane Boltinhouse. From his second marriage to Cass Warner, he has a son, actor Cole Hauser. Wings Hauser is married to actress Cali Hauser. The Melbourne Underground Film Festival held a retrospective with his films in 2009.




</doc>
<doc id="3624347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3624347" title="Rick Hoffman">
Rick Hoffman

Rick Edward Hoffman (born June 12, 1970) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Louis Litt in the legal drama series "Suits".

Hoffman was born in New York City and grew up in Roslyn Heights, New York. Hoffman was raised Jewish. He graduated from The Wheatley School in Old Westbury, New York, before attending the University of Arizona. After graduating, he moved to Los Angeles, California, to start an acting career.

Hoffman was cast in his first role, as a security guard in "Conspiracy Theory", in 1997. He had some other small roles until he received a main role as Freddie Sacker on Darren Star's short-lived Wall Street series "The $treet" in 2000, which was pulled from the airwaves after seven episodes, but which allowed him to quit his job waiting tables and move back to New York. His later TV roles include Terry Loomis on the short-lived Steven Bochco law drama "Philly" in 2001–2002, Jerry Best in "The Bernie Mac Show" (2002–2005), Patrick Van Dorn on the John Stamos comedy "Jake in Progress" (2004–2005) and Chase Chapman on the ABC comedy "Samantha Who?" (2007–2009). In 2011, he landed a starring role as Louis Litt in the USA Network series "Suits", which has continued ever since. 
His TV/film work includes "The Day After Tomorrow", "Blood Work", "Hostel", "Cellular" and "The Condemned". He has also appeared as a guest in "", "Chuck", "The Pretender", "", "NCIS", "Crossing Jordan", "Without a Trace", "The Practice", "", "", "Shark", "Lie to Me", "Monk" and "The Mentalist".

Hoffman is originally from New York City. His first child, a son, was born in December 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="3625837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3625837" title="Travis Wester">
Travis Wester

Travis Wester (born October 8, 1977) is an American actor who got his start in the film industry by playing the part of Austin Sanders in "Beverly Hills, 90210". He also played the character Jamie in "EuroTrip".

He has also appeared in the movies "The Paper Brigade", "", "Barstow 2008", "Spring Break Lawyer", "On the Edge", "Teddy Bears' Picnic", "Raising Genius", "All Souls Day", "Stone & Ed", and "Kush".

Wester has appeared on television shows such as "The Visitor", "George & Leo", "Son of the Beach", "Dirt", "FreakyLinks", "Cursed", "Boston Public", "Undressed", "Dharma & Greg", "Scrubs", "Felicity", "Septuplets", "Six Feet Under", "Jake in Progress", "Night Stalker", "E-Ring", "One on One", "", and "Supernatural", "Justified".

In 2007, he appeared in the short films "Call Waiting", "How To Have A Girl", "Profile", "Spaghetti", and "Key Witness" which were produced during the filmmaking reality show "On the Lot".

He is one of the lead roles of Ghostfacers, the spin-off from the show "Supernatural".



</doc>
<doc id="3630190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3630190" title="Nick Swardson">
Nick Swardson

Nicholas Roger Swardson (born October 9, 1976) is an American actor, stand-up comedian, screenwriter and producer. He is best known for his recurring role as Terry Bernadino in the comedy series "Reno 911!", for his work with Adam Sandler's Happy Madison Productions, and for his own personal sketch comedy series "Nick Swardson's Pretend Time".

A native of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul area, Swardson was born to Pamela and Roger Eric Swardson, and is the youngest of three siblings—he has a sister, Rachel, and a brother, John. Roger Swardson (1934–2003) was an editor and journalist—having written for publications such as the "Cincinnati Enquirer" and "City Pages", as well as founding the "Grand Gazette", a former Saint Paul community newspaper. Roger Swardson also invested in land development in Saint Paul, revitalizing Grand Avenue—an area now known as Victoria Crossing. Roger and Pamela divorced in 1989.

Swardson attended St. Paul Central High and started acting and performing improv comedy at the age of 16. A mischievous student who struggled with alcohol and drugs, Swardson was expelled from school on four occasions for pulling fire alarms in order to go outside and smoke cigarettes, fighting, posting a lewd sign in class, and for smoking marijuana; he was enrolled in a rehab program while still in school.

After graduating in 1996, Swardson decided to pursue stand-up comedy rather than attend college. Although Swardson was a fan of sketch comedy, he saw stand-up comedy as a stepping-stone to a career in film, more so than he would working within a comedy troupe.

Swardson started performing stand-up at the age of 18, attending open mic nights at the Minneapolis comedy club Acme Comedy Co.. Swardson stated in a 2007 interview with "The Portland Mercury" that he did his first open mic "as a goof" but he was encouraged by the club owner to perform again and he went on to win the comedy club's award for the "Funniest Person in the Twin Cities". He also went on to perform regularly at Knuckleheads, a defunct comedy club which was located in the Mall of America. Swardson was also an occasional performer at Balls Cabaret.

After garnering some attention within comedy circles, Swardson was selected to perform stand-up at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival at 20 years of age. The festival, which up to 2007 was held in Aspen, Colorado, was a yearly festival attended by entertainment insiders and was a place for comics and comedic actors to get exposure to the industry. It was once the largest comedy convention of its kind in the US and became the launch pad for many comedians and comedy writers. After Swardson's first performance at the festival comedian Tony Camin, acting as the night's MC, was quoted as saying: "There's a deal waiting to happen. I can see the TV show now: 'An Aspen Kid With Altitude.'"

Swardson eventually left the Minneapolis–Saint Paul area for New York City where he would appear in such venues as the Luna Lounge, then on to Los Angeles where he headlined at many nightclubs. In addition to his stand-up, Swardson began to get work in commercials and in small roles in both TV in film, such an appearance in an episode of the Al Franken sitcom "LateLine" in 1999, and playing the role of a crazed David Bowie fan in the 2000 film "Almost Famous".

In 2001, Swardson's stand-up act was featured in a half-hour "Comedy Central Presents" special. He appeared on the show a second time in 2006 — a performance that was featured on the DVD compilation "The Best of Comedy Central Presents: Uncensored II" released in 2008.

In 2003, Swardson co-wrote the screenplay for "Malibu's Most Wanted" along with the film's star Jamie Kennedy and Adam Small. That same year he took on the role of Terry Bernadino on the Comedy Central series "Reno 911!". A recurring character throughout the series' run from 2003 to 2009 — in addition to appearing in the film "" — Swardson played the role of a flamboyant gigolo who was often seen wearing roller skates. 2003 also marked the beginning of a longtime working relationship and friendship with Adam Sandler. After having seen Swardson's Comedy Central special, Sandler contacted Swardson to ask if he'd be interested in collaborating; Swardson's first project with Sandler was co-writing the screenplay for "Grandma's Boy" — Swardson also co-produced and had an acting role in the film which was released in 2006.

In 2004, Swardson wrote, produced and starred in a TV show pilot for Comedy Central called "Gay Robot", which was based on a comedy bit by the same name that appeared on Adam Sandler's fifth album, "Shh...Don't Tell"; Comedy Central, however, decided to pass on the TV project. Swardson then had intentions on making it an animated show, but the show never came to fruition. A copy of the live-action pilot was however made available on MySpace in January 2007. Swardson also resurrected the Gay Robot character on his Comedy Central Series "Nick Swardson's Pretend Time".

Swardson's sketch comedy show "Nick Swardson's Pretend Time", premiered on Comedy Central on October 12, 2010 and ran for two seasons. The show was produced in conjunction with Adam Sandler’s Happy Madison Productions. On February 6, 2012 Swardson announced via his Facebook page that there would not be a third season; in his post Swardson stated that "the ratings were solid but it was too expensive for the network and tough creatively," and added that he was "developing a new show where I play a ninja."

In 2011, Swardson starred in, co-wrote and co-produced the film "", also produced by Happy Madison Productions. That same year he starred alongside Jesse Eisenberg, Danny McBride and Aziz Ansari in the film "30 Minutes or Less".

In 2014, Swardson performed the voice of the character Troy on the animated series "Chozen".




</doc>
<doc id="3632514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3632514" title="Frank Doubleday (actor)">
Frank Doubleday (actor)

Frank Doubleday (January 28, 1945 – March 3, 2018) was an American actor whose most notable roles are as film villains.

Doubleday was born in Norwich, Connecticut, but moved to Los Angeles with his family as a child.

Doubleday is known for such films as John Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13" (1976) and John Carpenter's "Escape from New York" (1981) playing the character Romero. In the special edition "Escape from New York" DVD commentary, Kurt Russell credits Doubleday's performance as setting the tone of the movie.

He made his film debut in "The First Nudie Musical" (1976), and his other film credits include roles in "Alex & the Gypsy" (1976), "The Big Fix" (1978), "" (1979), "Avenging Angel" (1985), "Nomads" (1986), "Broadcast News" (1987), "L.A. Bounty" (1989) and "Dollman" (1991). Doubleday also acted and directed theater productions.

Doubleday taught acting at the Hollywood Court Theater.
He was married to actress Christina Hart for over 40 years. The couple have two daughters, Kaitlin Doubleday and Portia Doubleday. Doubleday died of complications from esophageal cancer at age 73 at his Los Angeles home on March 3, 2018.


</doc>
<doc id="3633082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3633082" title="Dave Hood">
Dave Hood

Dave Hood (born November 1, 1950) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, director, producer, writer, television personality, and former radio personality, best known for his award winning entertaining and educational children's productions. He has been host of many travel oriented programs including "PM Magazine" and "Tourific Destinations" on the Discovery Channel. Hood is most recognized as the co-creator, writer and star of Warner Bros.' - "Real Wheels" video series, a set of 23 children's videos which aimed to be both informative and entertaining. The series won a number of awards including the Parents' Choice Award.

Hood started his career as a radio personality at the age of 18 in the small town of Yakima, Washington. He worked his way to becoming the number one afternoon drive personality at KGW in Portland Oregon to the big time at KRTH in Los Angeles. He moved into television at the age of 30, starring on the syndicated show PM Magazine during the 1980s before traveling the world for Tourific Destinations on the Discovery Channel in the early 1990s. In 1993, he was best known for starting the live action children's video series "Real Wheels", also called "There Goes a...", with co-creator Ken Urman of "Power to Create", featuring the "There Goes a..." theme. In every video, he was also the producer, writer, actor, and, director, and in some of the videos, he's accompanied by his sidekick, Becky. The series had sales near 8 million and won many coveted awards including the Dove Foundation Award, The National Parenting Association Award, the Parents' Choice Award, and Kid's First Endorsement Award. The series was syndicated for television under the name "Dream Big" on more than 100 stations nationally in the late 1990s. In 1996, he started the live action children's video series, "The Adventures of Dave and Becky", where he and Becky go on adventures around the world. During the early 2000s, the show was re-packaged and aired on PBS nationwide. Due to the high popularity of the "Real Wheels" franchise, it also had a live tour that starred Dave. The show consisted of magic tricks and audience participation stunts. Prior to the show, there were real life vehicles that the audience would touch and look at. The tour lasted from 2001-2004 and was produced by Dave Hood Entertainment.

Hood continues to produce children's productions and other family entertainment. His latest productions include: "Crazy Adventures with Harry and Susy - Spanish is FUN!" with Susy Dorn for 2-8 year olds and "The Family Ghost Hunters".

Hood is most notable for his creation of "Real Wheels".

The "Real Wheels" series is a collection of children's videos (also known as "There Goes a...", previously as "Live Action Videos for Kids"). Three episodes, "There Goes a Garbage Truck", "There Goes the Mail" and "There Goes a Rescue Vehicle", were released as a part of the short-lived "Dream Big" series. Each episode focuses on different transportation vehicles; however, one episode is reserved for Santa Claus, and another for roller coasters. Each is live-action, starring Hood, and is sometimes accompanied by a sidekick, Becky Borg. He is absent from "There Goes a Tractor", "Farm Truck", and "Dump Truck" and is replaced by David Sidoni, but comes back in 3 more episodes which are on "Tanks", "Rescue Heroes", and "Buses".



</doc>
<doc id="3633681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3633681" title="Shelly Novack">
Shelly Novack

Sheldon Lennard "Shelly" Novack (January 10, 1944 – May 27, 1978) was a professional American AFL player and actor.

Novack was an all-league and special mention Junior College All-American at Santa Monica City College (class of 1963), and 1 team All-American at Long Beach State in 1964 and 1965. In 1966, Novack was drafted as a wide receiver by the AFL's San Diego Chargers. He was the 135th pick in the AFL draft and never played in a game. After two seasons in San Diego, he met Universal acting coach Vincent Chase while playing in a touch football league off season. Chase invited Novack to the studios which led to Novack embarking on an acting career.

Novack made his screen debut in the "Hallmark Hall of Fame" television film "A Punt, a Pass, and a Prayer" in 1968. He went on to appear in guest roles on television shows such as "Ironside", "Police Story", "The Streets of San Francisco", "The Love Boat", and "Quincy, M.E."

He was a regular on the Quinn Martin-produced TV shows "The F.B.I" (1973–74) and "Most Wanted". In addition to television, he had film roles such as Johnny Finney in 1969's "Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here" and as Rolling, the cockpit mechanic who assists in moving the stranded jet in "Airport", released in 1970.

In 1977, Novack won the very first Toyota Grand Prix pro-celebrity race.

On May 27, 1978, Novack died of a heart attack in Santa Monica, California at age 34. He is interred in the Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery in Culver City, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3634471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3634471" title="Jon Hamm">
Jon Hamm

Jonathan Daniel Hamm (born March 10, 1971) is an American actor and producer best known for playing advertising executive Don Draper in the AMC television drama series "Mad Men" (2007–2015).

For much of the mid-1990s, he lived in Los Angeles, making appearances in television series "Providence", "The Division", "What About Brian", and "Related". In 2000, he made his feature film debut in the space adventure film "Space Cowboys". The next year, he had a minor role in the independent comedy "Kissing Jessica Stein" (2001).

He gained wide recognition when "Mad Men" began in July 2007. His performance earned him the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series – Drama in 2008 and again in 2016, and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2015. He also directed two episodes of the show.

In 2008, Hamm appeared in a remake of the science fiction film "The Day the Earth Stood Still". His first leading film role was in the 2010 independent thriller "Stolen". He then had leading roles in "Million Dollar Arm" (2014), "Keeping Up with the Joneses" (2016), and "Beirut" (2018), and supporting roles in "The Town" (2010), "Sucker Punch" (2011), "Bridesmaids" (2011), "Baby Driver" (2017), "Tag" (2018), and "Bad Times at the El Royale" (2018). Hamm has received 16 Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his performances in or production of "Mad Men", "30 Rock" (2006–2013), and "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" (2015–2019).

His other television credits include featuring in the Sky Arts series "A Young Doctor's Notebook" and guest roles in "Black Mirror", "Parks and Recreation" and "". He has also provided his voice for the animated films "Shrek Forever After" (2010) and "Minions" (2015), along with the second season of the FX series "Legion" (2018).

His most recent works include portraying the angel Gabriel in the Amazon Prime Video miniseries television adaptation of Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman’s book, Good Omens.

Hamm was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the son of Deborah (Garner) Hamm and Daniel Hamm. His father managed a family trucking company, and his mother was a secretary. He is of German, English, and Irish descent; his surname came from German immigrants.

Hamm's parents divorced when he was two years old, and he lived in the St. Louis suburb of Creve Coeur with his mother until her death from colon cancer, when he was 10 years old. Hamm then lived with his father and grandmother in Normandy, Missouri.

His first acting role was as Winnie-the-Pooh in first grade. At 16, he was cast as Judas in the play "Godspell", and enjoyed the experience, though he did not take acting seriously. He attended John Burroughs School, a private school in Ladue, where he was a member of the football, baseball, and swim teams. During this time, he dated Sarah Clarke, who became an actress. When Hamm was 20, his father died.

After graduation in 1989 Hamm enrolled in the University of Texas, where he was a member of the Upsilon chapter of Sigma Nu fraternity. There, Hamm was arrested for participating in a violent hazing incident in November 1990. Mark Sanders was beaten with a paddle and a broom by other fraternity members, while Hamm led Sanders around the fraternity house with a hammer claw around Sanders' testicles; Sanders' clothes were also set afire. The incident resulted in the fraternity being shut down on campus. Hamm made a plea deal and completed probation under the terms of a deferred adjudication; the charges were dismissed during August 1995.

Hamm enrolled at the University of Missouri. At Missouri he answered an advertisement from a theater company seeking players for a production of "A Midsummer Night's Dream", auditioned, and was cast in the production. Other roles followed, such as Leon Czolgosz in "Assassins".

After graduating in 1993 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English, Hamm returned to his high school to teach eighth-grade acting. One of his students was Ellie Kemper, who later became an actress and stars with him in the Netflix original television series, "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt".

 Not wishing to stay in a "normal career", Hamm relocated to Los Angeles permanently during 1995 with an automobile and $150. He moved into a house with four other aspiring actors and began working as a waiter while attending auditions. He acted in theatre, including as Flavius in a production of Shakespeare's "Timon of Athens" with the Sacred Fools Theater Company.

Looking older than his age, he found it difficult to find work as an actor, despite representation by the William Morris Agency. During 1998, having failed to obtain any acting jobs after three years, he was terminated as a client by William Morris.

Hamm continued working as a waiter and, briefly, as a set designer for a softcore pornography movie. After repeatedly failing to get promising roles, Hamm set his 30th birthday as a deadline to succeed in Hollywood, stating: 

During 2000, Hamm obtained the role of romantic firefighter Burt Ridley on NBC's drama series "Providence". His one-episode contract grew to 19, and enabled him to quit waiting tables. Hamm made his feature movie debut with one line in Clint Eastwood's space adventure "Space Cowboys" (2000); more substantial roles followed in the independent comedy movie "Kissing Jessica Stein" (2001) and the war film "We Were Soldiers" (2002). During filming that movie, he turned 30. His career was bolstered by his playing the recurring role of police inspector Nate Basso on Lifetime's television series "The Division", from 2002 to 2004. Other minor roles followed on the television series "What About Brian", "", "Related", "Numb3rs", "The Unit", and "The Sarah Silverman Program". Hamm's "Mad Men" castmate Eric Ladin has said that one of the reasons he admires Hamm is that while he "made it" later than most actors, Hamm never gave up on acting.

Hamm landed his breakthrough role during 2007, when he was cast from more than 80 candidates as the protagonist character Don Draper, in AMC's drama series "Mad Men". In the series, set in a fictional 1960s advertising agency, he plays a suave, married advertising executive with an obscure past. He recalled, "I read the script for "Mad Men" and I loved it. [...] I never thought they'd cast me—- I mean, I thought they'd go with one of the five guys who look like me but are movie stars". He believes that an actor with a "proven track record" would likely have been chosen if another network had broadcast the show. He went through numerous auditions; each time he explained to the casting directors what he could bring to the character, if given the part. Alan Taylor and "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner initially thought Hamm was too handsome for the role but ultimately decided, "it was perfect to cast sort of the perfect male in this part". Weiner also sensed that the actor had suffered early loss of his parents, which was similar to Draper's backstory. Hamm says that he used memories of his father to portray Draper, a well-dressed, influential man of business and society hiding great inner turmoil and experiencing changes in the world beyond his control.

"Mad Men" debuted on July 19, 2007, with almost 1.4 million viewers. It developed a loyal audience, with Hamm receiving strong reviews. Robert Bianco of "USA Today" was complimentary of Hamm's performance, describing the actor's interpretation of Draper as a "starmaking performance". "The Boston Globe"s Matthew Gilbert termed Hamm a "brilliant lead".

For his work, Hamm won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series – Drama during 2008. Also during 2008, he was nominated for both the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series. During 2009, Hamm was again nominated for the Golden Globe Award and Screen Actors Guild Award in the same category, and received another Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series. During 2010, Hamm received his third Golden Globe Award nomination. "Mad Men" concluded its seven-season run on May 17, 2015. Hamm received his first Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series on September 20, 2015 after receiving 12 Emmy nominations for acting for and producing the series.

Hamm's next film role was for the 2008 science fiction movie "The Day the Earth Stood Still", a remake of the 1951 film of the same name. Although the movie received mixed reviews, it was successful financially, earning $230 million worldwide. Hamm hosted "Saturday Night Live", season 34, episode 6, on October 25, 2008, and played various roles, including Don Draper in two sketches. He returned as host again on January 30 and October 30, 2010. During 2009, Hamm guest-featured in three episodes of the NBC television situation comedy show "30 Rock", as Drew Baird, a doctor who is a neighbor and love interest of Liz Lemon's (Tina Fey). For these performances, he received three nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series.

Hamm's first leading film role came with the independent mystery thriller "Stolen" in 2009, in which he played a police officer whose son has been missing for eight years. Hamm had a minor voice role in the animated feature "Shrek Forever After"—released during May 2010—, as an ogre leader named Brogan. Also that year, he appeared as an FBI agent in the movie "The Town" (2010), with Ben Affleck. After having received "about 40 scripts that were all set in the 60s, or had me playing advertising guys", Hamm was pleased that the movie offered a role "the opposite to Don Draper". The feature received generally favorable reviews and earned $144 million worldwide.

His next acting role was as defense attorney Jake Ehrlich in the independent film "Howl", based on Allen Ginsberg's eponymous 1956 poem. On December 12, 2010, Hamm made a guest appearance as an FBI supervisor on Fox's animated series "The Simpsons". He featured in Zack Snyder's action-fantasy film "Sucker Punch" (2011), as the character High Roller, and the doctor. He also had a supporting role in the comedy "Bridesmaids" as Kristen Wiig's "rude and arrogant sex buddy". Hamm was next seen in the independent feature "Friends with Kids" (2011), which he produced alongside his then-partner Jennifer Westfeldt. The story concerns a group of friends whose lives are changed as the couples in the group begin to have children.

He had a recurring role in the situation comedy "The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret" in 2012, as the servant of socio-pathic billionaire Dave Mountford (Blake Harrison). Hamm hosted the 21st ESPYS Awards on July 17, 2013. The next year, he played sports agent J.B. Bernstein in Disney's sports drama "Million Dollar Arm" (2014). He co-featured with Daniel Radcliffe in "A Young Doctor's Notebook", playing an older version of Radcliffe's character, from December 2012 to December 2013. In December 2014, Hamm guest starred in a special Christmas episode of the British science fiction anthology series "Black Mirror", titled "White Christmas". He had a number of roles during 2015, in the comedy shows "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" and "". He was featured in the animated comedy "Minions", as the voice of Herb Overkill. "Minions" was a major box office success; despite mixed reviews, it grossed a total of over $1 billion worldwide.

Hamm featured in the comedy "Keeping Up with the Joneses", alongside Zach Galifianakis and Gal Gadot; the film was filmed during the spring of 2015, and was released during October 2016 after being delayed seven months. He appeared in the science fiction film "Marjorie Prime", which premiered at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival, Edgar Wright's comedy crime film "Baby Driver", which premiered at the 2017 South by Southwest Festival, and the drama "Aardvark", which premiered at the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival. In 2018, Hamm appeared in the drama "Nostalgia" and the political thriller "Beirut". Hamm appeared in the "SpongeBob SquarePants" episode "Goodbye, Krabby Patty?".

In 2017 Hamm joined the BBC and Amazon's television adaptation of Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman's "Good Omens" as the Archangel Gabriel.

Hamm was in a relationship with actress and screenwriter Jennifer Westfeldt from 1997 to 2015. In an interview discussing his relationship with Westfeldt, Hamm said: "We may not have a piece of paper that says we're husband and wife, but after 10 years, Jennifer is more than just a girlfriend. What we have is much deeper and we both know that. To me, people get married when they're ready to have kids, which I'm not ruling out." Along with Westfeldt, Hamm has appeared in Gap-related campaign advertisements. During April 2009, Hamm and Westfeldt formed their own production company, Points West Pictures. Hamm and Westfeldt are advocates of animal rescue and have adopted a mixed breed dog named Cora from the Much Love Animal Shelter in California.

Although his role as Don Draper required Hamm to smoke, he stopped smoking when he was 24 years old. On set he did not smoke actual cigarettes, but rather herbal cigarettes that do not contain tobacco or nicotine.

During March 2015, Hamm's representative confirmed that Hamm had recently completed inpatient treatment for alcoholism. Additionally, Hamm reported developing vitiligo during the filming of "Mad Men".

Hamm is an avid golfer and tennis player, and a devoted fan of the National Hockey League (NHL) team, the St. Louis Blues; he's even appeared in two television spots advertising for the team. He is a fan of the Major League Baseball (MLB) team the St. Louis Cardinals, and narrated the official highlight movie for the 2011 World Series, won by the Cardinals. Hamm also narrates the Amazon NFL documentary series "All Or Nothing" since 2015. Also, in 2012, he played in the MLB Legend and Celebrity All Star Softball game as a member of the NL. He represented the Cardinals, and hit a home run during the game.

During March 2010, Mercedes-Benz hired Hamm (replacing actor Richard Thomas) as their new voice actor for the S400 Hybrid campaign. During 2013, American Airlines debuted a television commercial titled "Change is in the Air", featuring Hamm's voice-over. Hamm is an American Airlines frequent flier, and his "Mad Men" character Don Draper often spoke of aspiring to win such accounts as American Airlines. Hamm has also appeared in several commercials in an ongoing ad campaign for H&R Block income tax services. He also appears in ongoing ads for SkipTheDishes.

Internationally considered as a sex symbol, Hamm was named one of "Salon.com"s Sexiest Man Living in 2007 and one of "People" magazine's Sexiest Men Alive in 2008. During November 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" named him one of their Entertainers of the Year. He again was named one of the magazine's Entertainers of the Year during 2010. Hamm also won "GQ"s "International Man" award during September 2010.




</doc>
<doc id="3639461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3639461" title="Khleo Thomas">
Khleo Thomas

Khleo Thomas (born January 30, 1989), is an American actor, rapper, influencer, and music producer best known for his role as Zero in "Holes" and Mixed Mike in "Roll Bounce". Born in Anchorage, Alaska, he began acting in commercials at age six after his family settled in Southern California. He also starred in other films like "Walking Tall" (2004) and "Remember the Daze" (2007). He has recorded numerous mixtapes and singles since releasing his first mixtape "The World Is A Cartoon" in 2010.

Thomas was born in Anchorage, Alaska, the son of Raquel and Leon Thomas. His father is an Army officer who was then stationed in Alaska. Thomas' mother is a Jewish immigrant from Morocco, and his father is African-American. After living in Germany, the family returned to the continental United States when Thomas was four. After his family settled in Southern California, he began acting in commercials at age six.

In 1998, Thomas's first television appearance was on an episode of Bill Cosby's "Kids Say the Darndest Things".

He has since starred in such films as "Friday After Next" (2002), "Holes" (2003), Going to the Mat (2004), "Walking Tall" (2004), and "Roll Bounce" (2005).

Thomas starred in the 2003 Disney film "Holes", adapted from Louis Sachar's book of the same name. Thomas had not read the book before he was cast as Zero. To adapt to the desert climate for filming "Holes", Thomas was required to participate in physical conditioning training. He recalls, "We had to climb rope, dig holes, run, go hiking, do sit-ups and push-ups. The whole time we were thinking, why do we need this? Then we get to the desert and we understood. It was so hot, you could only be in a hole for 20 minutes at a time." Thomas sang on one of the movie soundtrack's songs, "Dig It", which originated on the six-hour round-trip bus rides that transported the actors to the set.

In 2005 he became more involved in music after he began an association with fellow rapper/actor Bow Wow and his label LBW. He was featured on Bow Wow's fifth studio album "The Price of Fame" as well as on numerous mixtapes. He made cameo appearances in Bow Wow's "Fresh Azimiz" and "Outta My System" music videos.

In 2006, Thomas guest-starred in "Poppin' Tags", an episode of ""; and in the season four episode of "House", "Ugly" in 2007. He co-starred in the first episode of the television series "Teachers", which was canceled after six episodes. He starred in movies such as "Remember the Daze" (2007) and "Hurricane Season" (2009). In 2010, Thomas starred in the action film "Boogie Town".

On January 11, 2010, Thomas released his debut mixtape, "The World Is a Cartoon".

In early 2010, he was associated with Soulja Boy's label SODMG Entertainment, but would end up not officially signing with them.

On August 12, 2010, Thomas announced via his Twitter that he was working on his debut album, "Just a Sample". On September 22, 2010, he said during an interview that his first single would be titled "Lights Out", and he reported the startup of his own label, Zero Unlimited. Despite this, he later signed a record deal with independent label The Plus Records.

In late September 2010, Thomas made an opening performance in California on the "How the West Was One Tour" with Snoop Dogg and Ice Cube. Also in 2010, he released a snippet of "Let Go", a song intended to be on "Just a Sample". It samples the track "Let Go" by Frou Frou.

On January 11, 2011, he released a mixtape titled "The Next Episode". In the song "Anniversary" he disclosed in more detail why he did not officially sign to SODMG Entertainment. On February 15, 2011 he released his first single, "Lights Out", although this would later be dubbed a promotional single.

On December 20, 2011, it was announced that Thomas had parted ways with The Plus Records and had signed a new label deal with Executive Dream Music, a division of Executive Music Group distributed by Fontana. On December 23, 2011, he released a mixtape titled "Slick Living".

On March 6, 2012, he released a single titled "So Many Girls", the music video of which reached number 10 on BET's "106 & Park".

On November 13, 2012, he released a collaborative EP with singer/rapper Chris Batson titled "After Everything Fades".

On December 28, 2014 he released the EP "Raised in the 90's" through SoundCloud.

In 2011, Thomas released a necklace line he designed himself, called "Love Wings".

In 2013, Thomas released his official clothing line titled "Slick Living Appearel" which is branded off his label Slick Living Inc.






</doc>
<doc id="3640247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3640247" title="Shaun Toub">
Shaun Toub

Shaun Toub (, born April 6, 1963) is an Iranian-born American actor. He is best known for his roles as Yinsen in "Iron Man" (2008) and "Iron Man 3" (2013), Farhad in "Crash" (2004), Rahim Khan in "The Kite Runner" (2007), and Majid Javadi in the Showtime TV series "Homeland".

Toub, who is of Persian Jewish background, was born in Tehran, Iran. His parents were both podiatrists. At age 2, he moved to Manchester, England, where his mother attended podiatry school. He returned to Iran, where he lived until he was 13, before moving to Switzerland. He moved to Nashua, New Hampshire to finish his last year of high school. He decided at age 5 he wanted to become an actor. His high school yearbook notes: "The funniest guy in school and the most likely to succeed in the entertainment world." After two years of college in Massachusetts, Toub transferred to USC.

Toub is active in the Iranian-Jewish community, through various charity events and public speaking. He has been a recipient of the Sephard award at the Los Angeles Sephardic Film Festival. Toub resides in Los Angeles, with his wife, Lorena.

Through a chance encounter with a talent agent, he broke into the Hollywood scene. Toub has made appearances in over 100 television episodes including "Seinfeld", "The Sopranos", "ER", "NCIS", "Married... with Children", "Lost", "Homeland" and various movies made for television.

His filmography includes his performance in Michael Bay's "Bad Boys" with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence, John Woo's "Broken Arrow" with John Travolta and Christian Slater and Mick Jackson's "Live from Baghdad" starring Michael Keaton and Helena Bonham Carter for HBO. His performance as Farhad in Paul Haggis's Oscar-winning film "Crash" received positive reviews. He played the part of the Virgin Mary's father in "The Nativity Story". He also played Rahim Khan in "The Kite Runner" (2007).

Toub played Ho Yinsen in the 2008 film "Iron Man". Yinsen is the surgeon held captive by terrorists who first saves Tony Stark's life then helps Stark escape by helping him construct the first Iron Man suit. Toub reprises the role in a cameo appearance in the 2013 film "Iron Man 3".

In the series "Grimm" he played the part of Bonaparte, one of the villains of the latest series.



</doc>
<doc id="3641290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3641290" title="Robert Reed">
Robert Reed

Robert Reed (born John Robert Rietz Jr.; October 19, 1932 – May 12, 1992) was an American actor. He played Kenneth Preston on the legal drama "The Defenders" from 1961 to 1965 alongside E. G. Marshall, and is best known for his role as the father Mike Brady, opposite Florence Henderson's role as Carol Brady, on the ABC sitcom "The Brady Bunch", which aired from 1969 to 1974. He later reprised his role of Mike Brady on several of the reunion programs. In 1976, he earned two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his guest-starring role in a two-part episode of "Medical Center" and for his work on the miniseries "Rich Man, Poor Man". The following year, Reed earned a third Emmy nomination for his role in the miniseries "Roots".

Reed was born John Robert Rietz Jr. in the northern Chicago suburb of Highland Park, Illinois, the only child of Helen (née Teaverbaugh) and John Robert Rietz Sr., who were high-school sweethearts and married at 18. Reed attended the West Division School in Community Consolidated School District 62 until 1939. His father worked for the government, and his mother was a homemaker. Reed spent his early childhood years in Navasota, Texas and Shawnee, Oklahoma, attending Woodrow Wilson Grade School before the family moved to Muskogee, Oklahoma. In Oklahoma, his father, John Sr., worked as a turkey/cattle farmer.

In his youth, Reed joined the 4-H agricultural club and showed calves, but was more interested in acting and music. While attending Central High School in Muskogee, he participated in both activities. Reed also took to the stage, where he performed and sang. He also worked as a radio announcer at local radio stations and wrote and produced radio dramas. Reed graduated from Muskogee Central in 1950, and enrolled at Northwestern University to study drama. During his years at Northwestern, Reed appeared in several plays under the direction of Alvina Krause, a celebrated Northwestern drama coach. Reed performed in more than eight plays in college, all with leading roles.

He later studied for one term at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. Upon returning to the United States, Reed appeared in summer stock in Eagles Mere, Pennsylvania. He later joined the off-Broadway theatre group "The Shakespearewrights", and played Romeo in "Romeo and Juliet" and had a lead role in "A Midsummer Night's Dream". After leaving the Shakespearewrights, Reed joined the Studebaker Theatre company in Chicago. He eventually adopted the stage name Robert Reed and moved to Los Angeles in the late 1950s to further pursue his acting career.

Reed made his first guest-starring appearance in an episode of "Father Knows Best" in 1959. This led to guest roles on "Men into Space" and "Lawman", as well as his first credited film appearance in "Bloodlust!". In 1961, Reed landed his first television starring role in "The Defenders" alongside fellow Studebaker Theater performer E. G. Marshall, with the two playing a father-and-son team of defense attorneys. Marshall was also one of the founding members of the Actors Studio in New York; around this time, Reed himself became a member of the Studio, of which he would remain a member for the next 30 years. "The Defenders" was a hit with audiences and earned a total of 22 Primetime Emmy Award nominations (E.G. Marshall won two Emmys for his performance while the show won twice for Outstanding Drama Series). Ratings for the series were high during its first three seasons, but fell when CBS moved the series from Saturday nights to Thursday nights. CBS canceled "The Defenders" in 1965.

While appearing on "The Defenders" in 1964, Reed made his Broadway stage debut as Paul Bratter in Neil Simon's "Barefoot in the Park", replacing Robert Redford. For the remainder of the decade, Reed appeared primarily in television guest spots, including roles in "Family Affair", "Ironside", "The Mod Squad", and "Bob Hope Presents The Chrysler Theatre". He also appeared in the 1968 film "Star!" and in the Broadway production of "Avanti!".

Appearing in the Neil Simon play "Barefoot in the Park" led to two new contracts at Paramount Pictures and ABC, both in 1968. When Paramount had decided to turn the television version of "Barefoot in the Park" into a predominantly African-American show, they planned for Reed to star in something else. The new series was entitled "The Brady Bunch" and featured a widowed man with three children from a previous marriage, marrying a widow, also with three children from a previous marriage. The series' creator, Sherwood Schwartz, said he was inspired to create the series after reading a news item in the "Los Angeles Times" stating that "more than 29 percent of all marriages included a child or children from a previous marriage". Schwartz thought the idea was "... the key to a new and unusual TV series. It was a revelation! The first blended family! His kids and her kids! Together!" (However, this situation had in fact been seen for years on "The Danny Thomas Show", on which Reed had appeared as a guest star in 1959.)

Reed was the producers' second choice for the role of Mike Brady after Gene Hackman was rejected because he was largely unknown at the time. Also starring on "The Brady Bunch" was actress Florence Henderson, who played the role of Mike's wife Carol Brady after her best friend Shirley Jones turned down the role in favor of "The Partridge Family". Also cast on the series was Ann B. Davis as the Bradys' maid Alice Nelson. Despite earning poor reviews from critics and never cracking the Top 30 during its five-season run, "The Brady Bunch" remained an audience favorite of the 1970s. Since its cancellation in 1974, the series has led a healthy afterlife in syndication and spawned several spin-off series and two television reunion movies along with two parody films.

From the very beginning of the sitcom's debut in September 1969, Reed was unhappy with his role as Mike Brady. He felt that acting in the often silly program was beneath his training as a serious Shakespearean actor. Producers and directors found Reed difficult to work with both on and off the set. However, all of the cast got along well with him. In his efforts to bring more realism to the sitcom, Reed often locked horns with the program's creator and executive producer Schwartz. Reed regularly presented Schwartz with hand-written memoranda detailing why a certain motivation did not make sense or why it was wrong to combine elements of farce and satire. Schwartz generally ignored Reed's suggestions, although in an attempt to alleviate tension, Schwartz occasionally allowed Reed to direct some episodes. In a 1983 interview, Reed admitted that he often butted heads with Schwartz, stating, "We fought over the scripts. Always over the scripts. The producer, Sherwood Schwartz, had done "Gilligan's Island"...Just gag lines. That would have been what "The Brady Bunch" would have been if I hadn't protested."
Reed was particularly appalled by what would turn out to be the show's final episode, "The Hair-Brained Scheme". He sent Schwartz a memo, picking apart his problems with the episode, but Schwartz did not receive the memo promptly enough to alter the script as Reed wanted. As a result, Reed refused to appear in the episode altogether. By this time, Schwartz was tired of Reed's antagonistic behavior and decided to replace him for the show's sixth season; however, the series was cancelled by ABC shortly thereafter. Reed would later claim that he originally accepted the role for financial reasons, but tried to remain positive despite his creative differences with Schwartz by reminding himself the series was primarily about the children. Reed masked his dissatisfaction in front of the camera, always performing professionally without any indication of his unhappiness. Despite his discontentment with the show, Reed genuinely liked all of his co-stars and was a father figure to the younger cast members. Co-star Susan Olsen became friends with Reed's daughter Karen, who made a guest appearance in the episode "The Slumber Caper". Reed's final appearance in the series was in the penultimate episode, "The Hustler". His final line in that episode was "Now I can get my car in the garage."

During the run of "The Brady Bunch", Reed also had a recurring role as Lieutenant Adam Tobias on "Mannix", from 1969 to 1975, and typically appeared in three to five "Mannix" episodes each season. He also directed several episodes of "The Brady Bunch" during its run. After Reed's agents overbooked him for a film in England with Anglia Television, his cancellation led to the 1972 court case of "Anglia Television Ltd v Reed".

After "The Brady Bunch" series ended in 1974, Reed acted on the stage and made guest star appearances on other television series and television movies, including "Pray for the Wildcats" and "". He won critical acclaim for his portrayal of Pat Caddison, a doctor who comes out as transgender, in a two-part episode of "Medical Center" in 1975. The episode also earned him a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. Also that year he appeared in the TV-movie "The Secret Night Caller", as a respectably married man with a compulsion to make obscene phone calls to women he barely knows. Reed appeared in the television film "The Boy in the Plastic Bubble" (1976), the miniseries "Rich Man, Poor Man" (1976), and the miniseries "Roots" (1977). Reed was again nominated for an Emmy Award for his work in "Rich Man, Poor Man" and "Roots". He also guest-starred on "Wonder Woman", "Hawaii Five-O", "Charlie's Angels", "Galactica 1980" and "Vega$".

In 1981, Reed won the lead role of Dr. Adam Rose on the medical drama "Nurse". Despite being critically acclaimed, the series was canceled the following year. In 1986, he played the role of Lloyd Kendall on the daytime soap opera "Search for Tomorrow". He also made multiple appearances on "Fantasy Island", "Hunter", "The Love Boat" and "Murder, She Wrote".

Despite his dislike of "The Brady Bunch" and the character of Mike Brady, Reed continued to appear in "Brady Bunch" spinoffs and sequels for the remainder of his career. In 1976, Reed reprised the role of Mike Brady in the variety show "The Brady Bunch Hour", a role he openly embraced because it afforded him the opportunity to sing and dance. He would later appear in the television film "The Brady Girls Get Married" (1981) and the television film "A Very Brady Christmas" (1988). In 1989, he guest-starred as Mike Brady in "A Very Brady Episode" of the NBC sitcom "Day by Day". Also in 1989, Reed reteamed with his "Brady Bunch" co-star Henderson in a guest-starring role on the sitcom "Free Spirit". In 1990, he reprised the role of Mike Brady for the final time in the drama series, "The Bradys". The series was canceled after six episodes. Reed made his last onscreen appearance in an April 1992 episode of "Jake and the Fatman", "Ain't Misbehavin'".

Shortly before his death, Reed appeared in the touring production of "Love Letters", opposite Betsy Palmer, and taught classes on Shakespeare at UCLA.

Reed and fellow Northwestern student Marilyn Rosenberger married in July 1954. They had a daughter, Karen Rietz, before divorcing in 1959. Reed determined that he was gay. He kept this fact a close secret, since public knowledge of his sexual orientation would likely have damaged his career during that era.

Several years after his death, Reed's "Brady Bunch" co-stars – notably Barry Williams and Florence Henderson – publicly acknowledged his sexual orientation, and admitted that most of the cast and crew of "The Brady Bunch" knew, but they never discussed it with him and vice versa.

Henderson spoke about Reed being in the closet during a 2000 interview with ABC News: "Here he was, the perfect father of this wonderful little family, a perfect husband. Off camera, he was an unhappy person – I think had Bob not been forced to live this double life, I think it would have dissipated a lot of that anger and frustration. I never asked him. I never challenged him. I had a lot of compassion for him because I knew how he was suffering with keeping this secret."

Regarding Reed's unwillingness to discuss his sexuality, Williams told ABC News during a 2000 interview that "Robert didn't want to go there. I don't think he talked about it with anyone. I just don't think it was a discussion – period. [Had it ever come out that Robert Reed was gay] it probably would have caused the demise of the show. I think it would have hurt his career tremendously."

In November 1991, Reed was diagnosed with colon cancer. When he became ill, he allowed only his daughter and his close friend actress Anne Haney to visit him. Haney later said of Reed, "He came from the old school, where people had a sense of decorum. He went the way he wanted to, without publicity." Weeks before his death, Reed called Henderson and asked her to inform the rest of "The Brady Bunch" cast that he was terminally ill. He died on May 12, 1992 at Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena, California at age 59.

Reed's death was initially attributed solely to cancer, but details from his death certificate were made public revealing that Reed was HIV positive. It remains unknown how and when Reed contracted HIV because he kept his medical condition and private life a secret from the public until the day he died, telling only a few close friends. While Reed did not have AIDS at the time of his death, his doctor listed his HIV-positive status as being among "significant conditions that contributed to death" on the death certificate. He is buried at Memorial Park Cemetery in Skokie, Illinois.




</doc>
<doc id="3643733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3643733" title="Jason O'Mara">
Jason O'Mara

Jason O'Mara (born August 6, 1972) is an Irish actor based in the United States. He has starred in the American television network dramas "In Justice", "Life on Mars", "Terra Nova", "Vegas", and "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.". O'Mara won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in "The Siege of Jadotville".

He is the voice actor for DC Comics' superhero Batman in the DC Animated Movie Universe.

O'Mara performed with The Royal Shakespeare Company. His theatre work in London and Dublin included "The Jew of Malta" and "Popcorn", and he was nominated for Best Supporting Actor in 2002 at the Irish Theatre Awards for his portrayal of John in Neil LaBute's "Bash".

He appeared in Harold Pinter's "The Homecoming" in London and Dublin as well as Lincoln Center in New York. He had lead roles in other series, including "The Agency", "Band of Brothers", "Monarch of the Glen", "High Stakes", "Playing the Field", "The Bill", "Berkeley Square", and "Reach for the Moon".

He has starred as lead character Sam Tyler in the U.S. remake of the British series "Life on Mars". He also played Jim Shannon, the lead role in the 2011 Fox TV series "Terra Nova". He played Philip Marlowe in a 2007 pilot entitled "Marlowe".

In both 2005 and 2008, O'Mara guest-starred on TNT's "The Closer", playing the memorable role of Bill Croelick ("just plain Brenda!"), a charming and psychotic man with a fixation on fire.

O'Mara also guest-starred in the "Criminal Minds" season two episode "The Last Word" as a serial killer. O'Mara appeared in "One for the Money" as Joe Morelli. He also appeared on "Vegas" as Jack Lamb.

O'Mara was cast as Bruce Wayne / Batman for the DC Universe Animated Original Movies shared universe of animated DC films based on The New 52. He has played the role in "" and "Son of Batman" and has reprised his role for several more films in the line, including "" and "".

O'Mara joined the cast of "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", where he portrayed Jeffrey Mace, the new director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
In October 2018 O'Mara joined the cast of "The Man in the High Castle", where he portrays series regular Wyatt Price, a black market supplier of information to Juliana Crain about the comings and goings of alternate realities and their films.

in 2019, it was announced O'Mara would be starring in Netflix's Greek myth-influenced series "Gods and Heroes", in which he would voice the god Zeus.

He married American actress Paige Turco in a Roman Catholic ceremony in Old Saybrook, Connecticut in September 2003. They have one child. In 2009, O'Mara became an American citizen. The couple separated in May 2017 and Paige filed for divorce in June 2017. She also sought sole legal custody of their son David and spousal support.



</doc>
<doc id="3644017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3644017" title="Benito Martinez (actor)">
Benito Martinez (actor)

Benito James Martinez (born June 28, 1971) is an American actor.


</doc>
<doc id="3644304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3644304" title="Khary Payton">
Khary Payton

Khary Payton (born May 16, 1972) is an American actor and voice actor, best known for his voice role of the DC Comics character Cyborg across various films, cartoons and video games. He is also known for his live action performances on "General Hospital" and "The Walking Dead".

In 1986, Payton was a winner in Showtime's 1st annual Kid Talent Quest, and a recording exists of him introducing the animated film "Sherlock Holmes in the Baskerville Curse".

Payton appeared on a recurring basis as Dr. Terrell Jackson on the ABC daytime soap opera "General Hospital". He portrays King Ezekiel on AMC's "The Walking Dead".

Payton has portrayed Cyborg in the "Teen Titans" animated series and Aqualad in "Young Justice". In the cartoon series "Justice League", Payton provided the voice of the villain Ten from the Royal Flush Gang. He also provided the voice of Drebin in the game "", Ripcord in "", Blade in "", Grimlock in "" and Killer Croc in "" and is voicing Wasabi on the Disney XD original series "Big Hero 6" based on the Marvel Comics by Man of Action and the film of the same name.



</doc>
<doc id="3644393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3644393" title="Ryan Hurst">
Ryan Hurst

Ryan Douglas Hurst (born June 19, 1976) is an American actor, known for his roles as Gerry Bertier in Disney's "Remember the Titans" (2000), Sgt. Ernie Savage in "We Were Soldiers" (2002), Tom Clarke in "Taken" (2002), Opie Winston in the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy" (2008–2012), Chick in "Bates Motel" (2015–2017), Li'l "Foster" Farrell in "Outsiders" (2016–2017), Beta in "The Walking Dead" (2019–present), and Hector Bonner in "Bosch" (2019–present).

Hurst was born in Santa Monica, California, the son of Candace Kaniecki, an acting coach, and Rick Hurst, an actor. He attended Santa Monica High School.

Growing up in a Hollywood family, Hurst made a very early start in show business, with a recurring role in the NBC teen situation comedy series "". In the 1998 epic war film "Saving Private Ryan", Hurst portrayed Mandelsohn, a paratrooper who, despite a temporary hearing loss, is able to communicate to Captain John H. Miller (Tom Hanks) the approximate location of Private Ryan. Additionally, he appeared in the war film "We Were Soldiers" (2002) as Sgt. Ernie Savage, played the football player Lump Hudson in the black comedy thriller film "The Ladykillers" (2004), and starred in the TNT police drama series "Wanted" (2005). From 2005 to 2007, Hurst gained recognition for portraying the recurring role of Allison DuBois' half-brother, Michael Benoit, in NBC's supernatural procedural drama series "Medium".

Hurst's big break came when he was cast as Opie Winston in the FX crime drama series "Sons of Anarchy". Originally a recurring cast member in the first season, he was promoted to main cast member for the following season and went on to become a fan favorite. His character, newly released from a five-year prison stint and "living right", but not making ends meet, goes back to SAMCRO to provide for his family, despite his wife's objections and his knowing the risks. Hurst's portrayal of Opie earned him the Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film in 2011. Also in 2011, Hurst voiced Jedidiah in the animated box office hit "Rango". He also stars in the WGN America series "Outsiders". In August 2018, it was announced that he will star as Beta on AMC's "The Walking Dead". His debut episode, "Guardians", premiered on March 3, 2019.

Hurst and Molly Cookson met in 1994 and married in May 2005. Together, they founded the production company Fast Shoes. In April 2013, Hurst purchased a 3,400 square-foot home in Woodland Hills, California for $1.71 million.



</doc>
<doc id="3645160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3645160" title="Max Showalter">
Max Showalter

Max Showalter (June 2, 1917 – July 30, 2000), sometimes credited as Casey Adams, was an American film, television, and stage actor, as well as a composer, pianist, and singer. He appeared on more than 1,000 television programs. One of Showalter's most memorable roles was as Jean Peters' character's husband in the 1953 film "Niagara".

Showalter was born in Caldwell, Kansas, the son of Elma Roxanna (Dodson) Showalter (1889–1953), a music teacher, and Ira Edward Showalter (1887–1953), who worked in the oil industry and was also a banker and farmer. He developed a desire for acting as a toddler while accompanying his mother to local theatres where she played piano for silent movies.

By the late 1930s, Showalter had multiple stage roles under his belt, including acting in productions of the Pasadena Playhouse. He soon made his Broadway debut in "Knights of Song". Showalter also appeared in the traveling musical "This Is the Army" for two years and in other notable Broadway productions like "Make Mine Manhattan" and "The Grass Harp". His most memorable stage role was as Horace Vandergelder in the Broadway hit show, "Hello Dolly!". Showalter performed the role more than 3,000 times opposite Carol Channing, Betty Grable and Ethel Merman.

In the late 1940s, Showalter was signed to 20th Century Fox as a featured contract player. His name was changed by Fox's founder, Darryl F. Zanuck, to the more "bankable" Casey Adams.

He made his feature film debut in "Always Leave Them Laughing" (1949). He first appeared on live television in the short-lived musical variety series "The Swift Show" (1948–49), also known as "The Lanny Ross Show".

Showalter's second feature film was the biopic "With a Song in My Heart" (1952), where he had a small role as a vaudeville performer. In the film, Showalter, along with David Wayne, sang the song "Hoe that Corn", which he also wrote. He appeared in "Niagara" (1953) alongside Marilyn Monroe and Joseph Cotten. He made a cameo as a "Life" magazine photographer in another Monroe movie, "Bus Stop", in 1956.

During the 1950s, Showalter appeared in television shows like "The Loretta Young Show" and "Navy Log", in addition to films like "Vicki" (1953), "Down Three Dark Streets" (1954), "Naked Alibi" (1954), and "Indestructible Man" (1956).

The following year, billed as Casey Adams, he appeared as Ward Cleaver in "It's a Small World", the original pilot for the 1950s sitcom "Leave It to Beaver". The pilot was broadcast as an episode of the "Studio 57" anthology series. He was replaced by Hugh Beaumont for the television series. Casey Adams also appeared in one episode of "The Andy Griffith Show" as an antiques dealer. His name is Ralph Mason in the episode titled "The Horse Trader."

In the 1960s, Showalter reclaimed his original name and continued to land roles in such big-budget films as "Elmer Gantry" (1960), "The Music Man" (1962), and "How to Murder Your Wife" (1965). He worked through the 1960s and 1970s. He made six appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of murderer Carl Reynolds in the 1958 episode, "The Case of the Curious Bride," murder victim Burt Stokes in "The Case of the Wandering Widow" in 1960, and murderer Talbot Sparr in the 1964 episode, "The Case of the Ugly Duckling." He made appearances in other television series like "The Twilight Zone" (the iconic episode "It's a Good Life"), "The Lucy Show", "Gunsmoke", "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis", "Bewitched", "Dr. Kildare", "Surfside 6", "The Doris Day Show", "Kojak", "Police Story", "The Bob Newhart Show", as well as in cult films, "Lord Love a Duck", "The Anderson Tapes" and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". In the 1979 film "10", he famously played a pastor whose hobby was writing (bad) songs. He was also a regular cast member in the short-lived 1980 TV series, "The Stockard Channing Show". Showalter made his last onscreen appearance in the John Hughes film "Sixteen Candles" (1984).

Showalter composed the music for "Little Boy Blue", which opened at the El Capitan Theater in Hollywood, California, on September 11, 1950. He also wrote the musical "Go For Your Gun", which premiered in Manchester, England, in 1963.

In 1956, Showalter (as Casey Adams) recorded an album of his own music, "Casey Adams Plays and Sings Max Showalter Songs" (Foremost Records FML-1004). He was one of the artists featured on "The Secret Garden", a 1988 CBS Special Products album containing performances of music from the musical of that title that "has played the repertory circuit in England."

Show business columnist Hedda Hopper reported in a 1963 newspaper column that Showalter had sold 139 paintings and would have his first one-man show.

In 1984, Showalter retired from acting and moved to an 18th-century farmhouse in Chester, Connecticut, near the area where he acted in the film, "It Happened to Jane" (1959). Showalter became involved in local musical theatre, including the Ivoryton Playhouse, and went on to produce, direct, write, and narrate the Christmas musical "Touch of a Child". He spent much of his free time painting oil miniatures. Showalter was a good friend of actress Katharine Hepburn, who lived in nearby Old Saybrook, Connecticut.

In the 1950s, Showalter took a hiatus from his work in Hollywood, returning to Caldwell, Kansas, to care for his 15-year-old sister who was orphaned by the death of their parents in an automobile accident. Their deaths followed the death of Showalter's brother, Robert, in a car wreck two years earlier. After a few years he returned to Hollywood and resumed his career.

On July 30, 2000, Max Showalter died of cancer in Middletown, Connecticut. He was 83 years old.





</doc>
<doc id="3646886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3646886" title="Jason Jones (actor)">
Jason Jones (actor)

Jason Pierre Jones (born June 3, 1973) is a Canadian-American actor and comedian. He was a correspondent on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" from 2005 to 2015. Since 2016, Jones has starred in the TBS comedy series "The Detour", which he created with his wife, Samantha Bee.

Jones was born and raised in Hamilton, Ontario. He attended Hill Park Secondary School and then Ryerson Theatre School in Toronto. Jones is married to Samantha Bee, the host of "Full Frontal with Samantha Bee" and fellow former "The Daily Show" correspondent, with whom he has three children: daughter Piper Bee-Jones (born 2006), son Fletcher Bee-Jones (born 2008), and daughter Ripley Bee-Jones (born 2010). In 2014, he became a United States citizen.

In September 2005, Jones joined "The Daily Show" cast as a contributor. When his wife left the show in late December for family leave, Jones was promoted to a full-time correspondent. Thereafter, he won a significant following at "The Daily Show", thanks to a few pieces on the Denmark cartoons, Carl Monday, and . Before Rob Corddry left "The Daily Show", he said: "Jason Jones has raised the bar too high. I just can't say the things he says to people." His exposé on the real values of Wasilla, Alaska remains one of the most popular pieces on the "Daily Show" website. In 2014, Jones temporarily left "The Daily Show" to appear in a pilot for the sitcom "Love Is Relative".

In June 2009, Jones was sent to Tehran just prior to the controversial 2009 presidential election. Jones' reports in Iran included an interview with "Newsweek" journalist Maziar Bahari, who was arrested after the disputed June 2009 presidential elections. During Bahari's time in prison, his interrogators charged him with espionage and used Jones' interview as evidence against him. It was later clarified by Bahari that the charges were fabricated. Jones appeared as himself in the film version of Bahari's ordeal, "Rosewater", encountering Bahari prior to taping their interview. The film was written and directed by "Daily Show" host Jon Stewart. Another segment in Iran poked fun at Iranians' greater knowledge of the United States compared with Americans' knowledge of Iran. That segment, along with a 2011 piece in which he invited cameras to his vasectomy, are regarded by "TV Guide" as his signature segments on the program.

On October 7, 2014, he co-hosted "The Daily Show" with his wife Samantha Bee, in the absence of Jon Stewart. He also disclosed on that episode that he had recently become an American citizen.

Jason Jones announced that he would leave "The Daily Show" in 2015 to begin work on "The Detour", a TBS show which he co-wrote and will executive produce with wife Samantha Bee.

Jones was sent as a mock reporter to cover the 2014 Sochi Olympics. Through his visit, he often lampooned Russian culture and its perceived police state. For example, in one episode, Jones attempted to find a protest area in Sochi and was forced to drive well outside of the city to an abandoned parking lot which was designed as the zone for protesters; however, even then he was approached by police officers and asked to leave due to not having appropriate documentation. During his interview with opposition figure Alexei Navalny, the crew's cameras and other electronic equipment were jammed as they entered an apartment to conduct the interview. Jones also managed to hold a mock interview with Mikhail Gorbachev where he insisted Gorbachev put up the wall, a play on president Ronald Reagan's plea to Gorbachev to "tear down" the Berlin Wall. Alexei Navalny was arrested several days after conducting the interview with Jones, which was also satirized by Jon Stewart. Jones was able to interview Sergey Markov, a prominent Russian politician and academic. During the interview Jones questioned Markov about Russia's stance on gay rights, to which Markov responded that there are no issues with gay rights in Russia and that "you are absolutely free to make sex with this table." The statement has since achieved notoriety with regards to Russia's stance on LGBT rights. During the program Jones also described Russia as a conservative paradise, noting the nation's relatively low flat tax, pro gun stance, opposition to gay marriage, and the powerful influence of the Orthodox church. He also remarked that Russia may be the "ultimate red state."

Jones has also done various television work with his Canadian sketch comedy troupe The Bobroom, and was the host of "Craft Corner Deathmatch" on the Style Network in 2005. He also co-wrote, co-starred in, and co-produced the 2004 film "Ham & Cheese" with fellow Bobroom alumnus Mike Beaver; the film was nominated for six Canadian Comedy Awards in 2005. He has also had minor roles in numerous feature films, such as the 2002 Syfy original film "Terminal Invasion" and the 2003 film "Public Domain", the latter of which also starred Don McKellar, Nicole DeBoer, and Beaver.

He appeared in the TV show "Queer as Folk", as well as appearing on the CBS sitcom "How I Met Your Mother" as "Tony". Jones has appeared twice on the NBC series "Law & Order" as Len Pewels, host of the fictional "Len Pewels' America". In 2008, Jones worked on a CBS sitcom about a celebrity chef (to be played by Jones), with his wife (to be played by Samantha Bee). Jones and Bee starred as husband and wife in a movie entitled "Cooper's Camera" (USA "Cooper's Christmas"), in which their Christmas was recorded on a brand new (1985, at the time) camera.

Jones did further work in a series of television advertisements, including a series for beer brand Molson, and appearing as Greg Gregger in Budweiser's short films "The Best Man" and "The Company Man", as well as in some 30-second commercials. Jones had a supporting role in the 2009 movie "All About Steve". In early 2010, he starred in a sitcom pilot for ABC called "How to be a Better American", but it was not picked up as a series. He also made cameo appearances in the 2012 film "Pitch Perfect", its 2015 sequel "Pitch Perfect 2", the 2013 film "The Art of the Steal" and the 2015 films "Hot Tub Time Machine 2" and "The Night Before". In 2014, Jones starred in the pilot for the sitcom "Love is Relative" as the character "Nate".

He worked with his wife, Samantha Bee, on development of a new show for TBS, "The Detour". TBS ordered the pilot, written by Jason Jones and Samantha Bee in October 2014. The show is based on the real life couple's own experience with family vacations. It was picked up for ten episodes in February 2015. On April 6, 2016, the show was renewed for a second season, ahead of the first-season premiere the same month. The second season premiered on February 21, 2017. On April 25, 2017, TBS renewed the series for a third season, which premiered on January 23, 2018.


</doc>
<doc id="3648861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3648861" title="André De Shields">
André De Shields

André De Shields (born January 12, 1946) is an American actor, singer, dancer, director, and choreographer. His Broadway credits include "Warp!", "Ain't Misbehavin'", "Play On!", "The Full Monty", "Impressionism", and the title role in "The Wiz".

De Shields originated the role of Hermes on Broadway in the musical "Hadestown", winning the 2019 Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical and the 2020 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album for his performance. He has also appeared on television, and won an Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement for his performance in the 1982 NBC broadcast of "Ain't Misbehavin'".

Stage actor, director, and choreographer André De Shields was born on January 12, 1946, in Dundalk, Maryland, to Mary Gunther and John De Shields. He was raised in Baltimore, Maryland, as the ninth of eleven children. De Shields obtained his high school diploma at Baltimore City College in 1964, and earned his B.A. degree in English literature from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1970. In 1991, De Shields received his M.A. degree in African American studies from New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study.

He then attended Wilmington College, where he starred in a production of Lorraine Hansberry's "A Raisin in the Sun". De Shields transferred colleges and received his bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin–Madison. After graduating from Wisconsin, he earned a Master of Arts from New York University's Gallatin School of Individualized Study, where he now serves as an adjunct professor.

De Shields began his professional career in the 1969 Chicago production of "Hair", which led to a role in "The Me Nobody Knows" and participation in Chicago's Organic Theater Company. He performed in a number of off-off-Broadway productions at La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club in the East Village of Manhattan during the 1970s, 1980s, and early 1990s. These included Ken Rubenstein's "Sacred Guard" (1973), Lamar Alford's "Thoughts" (1974), and the "Cotton Club Gala" with music by Aaron Bell and directed by Ellen Stewart (1985). He co-wrote (with Judith Cohen) and directed an evening of songs called "Judith and the Cohen Sisters in Midnight in Manhattan" at La MaMa in September/October 1984. He directed a production of Chico Kasinoir's "The Adventures of Rhubarb: The Rock and Roll Rabbit" in 1985 and a production of his own work, "Saint Tous", to celebrate Black History Month at La MaMa in February 1991.

He made his Broadway debut as Xander in Stuart Gordon's 1973 "Warp!" and next appeared in Paul Jabara's 1973 "Rachael Lily Rosenbloom (And Don't You Ever Forget It)", which closed during previews. He then appeared in the title role of "The Wiz", Charlie Smalls and William F. Brown's 1975 musical directed by Geoffrey Holder.

After choreographing two Bette Midler musicals, De Shields returned to Broadway to perform in the musical revue "Ain't Misbehavin'" in 1978. The original production ran for over 1,600 shows and De Shields earned a 1978 Drama Desk nomination for his performance. Three years later, he returned to Broadway to perform in "Stardust: The Mitchell Parrish Musical", a musical revue featuring the lyricist's work with Hoagy Carmichael, Benny Goodman, Duke Ellington, and Leroy Anderson.

In 1984, De Shields wrote, choreographed, directed, and starred in "André De Shields’ Haarlem Nocturne", a Broadway musical revue featuring standards from the American songbook, pop hits from the early 1960s, and De Shields' own songs. The revue was produced at the Latin Quarter and at La MaMa (with music by Marc Shaiman). He appeared in a revival of "Ain't Misbehavin'" in 1988, and next appeared on Broadway in 1997 as the Jester in "Play On!", a musical based on Ellington's songs. De Shields earned Tony and Drama Desk nominations for his performance.

In 2000, De Shields originated the role of Noah "Horse" T. Simmons in the Terrence McNally / David Yazbek musical adaptation of the film "The Full Monty". As with "Play On!", De Shields earned both Tony and Drama Desk nominations for this performance. In 2004, he appeared in the Broadway production of Mark Medoff's "Prymate" at the Longacre Theatre. In 2008, he received a Drama Desk nomination for his performance in an off-Broadway production of Langston Hughes' "Black Nativity". In 2009, he appeared on Broadway opposite Joan Allen and Jeremy Irons in "Impressionism". The play ran through May 2009 at the Gerald Schoenfeld Theater.

De Shields' regional theatre credits include "Play On!", "The Full Monty", "Waiting For Godot", "The Man Who Came to Dinner", "Death of a Salesman", "Dusyanta: A Tale of Kalidasa", "The Gospel According to James", and "Camino Real". In 2013, he portrayed Akela and King Louie in the world premiere of Mary Zimmerman’s adaptation of Rudyard Kipling’s "The Jungle Book", a co-production of the Goodman Theatre and Huntington Theatre Company. De Shields received his 3rd Jeff Award (Outstanding Achievement in the category of Actor in a Supporting Role – Musical) for his role as King Louie, and garnered an Elliot Norton Awards nomination for Outstanding Musical Performance by an Actor as well as an IRNE Awards nomination for Best Supporting Actor – Musical.

De Shields has portrayed Barrett Rude Sr. in "The Fortress of Solitude", the musical based on Jonathan Lethem's novel "The Fortress of Solitude", since its inception in 2012 at Vassar College. "The Fortress of Solitude" premiered at the Dallas Theater Center in spring 2014, and the off-Broadway production of "The Fortress of Solitude", co-produced with The Public Theater, ran through November 2014. De Shields, Lillias White, Stefanie Powers, and Georgia Engel starred in the new musical "Gotta Dance", directed and choreographed by Jerry Mitchell. The musical began performances on December 13, 2015, at Chicago's Bank of America Theatre and ran through January 17, 2016. He is currently on Broadway playing Hermes in "Hadestown", which began previews on March 22, 2019, at the Walter Kerr Theatre. He received the Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Musical for "Hadestown" on his third nomination.

De Shields has appeared on television on "Another World", "Cosby", "Sex and the City", "Great Performances", "Lipstick Jungle", "Law & Order," and "". He won an Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement for his performance in the 1982 NBC broadcast of "Ain't Misbehavin'", and played Tweedledum in a 1983 televised production of "Alice in Wonderland" that also featured Eve Arden, Richard Burton, Colleen Dewhurst, James Coco, Kaye Ballard, and Nathan Lane. Most recently, De Shields appeared in John Mulaney's "John Mulaney & the Sack Lunch Bunch" in which he sang "Algebra Song!" The comedy/musical/variety special was released on Netflix on December 24, 2019.

De Shields is openly gay. He revealed in February 2020 that he has been living with HIV for over thirty years.



</doc>
<doc id="3648904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3648904" title="Barry Williams (actor)">
Barry Williams (actor)

Barry William Blenkhorn (born September 30, 1954), known professionally as Barry Williams, is an American actor and singer best known for his role as the eldest of the Brady sons, Greg Brady, on the ABC television series "The Brady Bunch".

Williams, youngest of three boys, was born in 1954 in Santa Monica, California, to Doris May Moore and Canadian-born Frank Millar Blenkhorn of English, Scottish, and German ancestry. Barry and siblings Craig and Scott Blenkhorn grew up in Pacific Palisades, California, where actor Peter Graves was a neighbor. Williams decided, as a child, that he wanted to be an actor, and in 1967 he made his television debut in a "Christmas" episode of "Dragnet 1967".
Williams continued to be cast in guest roles on other TV series including "Adam-12", "The Invaders", "That Girl", "", "The Mod Squad", "Here Come the Brides" , "Gomer Pyle USMC" and "Bartleby, the Scrivener" before being cast in 1969 as Greg Brady on "The Brady Bunch".

Following the cancellation of "The Brady Bunch" in 1974, Williams continued to appear in guest roles on television, and became involved in musical theater, touring with productions such as "Grease", "The Sound of Music", and "West Side Story".

In 1988, Williams appeared on Broadway in the musical "Romance/Romance" with Tony Award-nominee Alison Fraser. Williams took over the lead male role of "Alfred/Sam" when Scott Bakula left the production. Years later, Williams was able to capitalize on being typecast as Greg Brady. Amid a procession of appearances in TV and movies that played up his famous teen role, he ended up landing a role that was a departure from the Brady image. He was tapped to play English con man Hannibal in 1984, who conspired with Holly Sutton Scorpio (Emma Samms) on the top-rated "General Hospital".

Williams has appeared in various "Brady Bunch" TV movie reunions, including the 1988 Christmas movie, "A Very Brady Christmas".

In 1989, Williams was honored by the Young Artist Foundation with its Former Child Star "Lifetime Achievement" Award for his role as Greg Brady.

His 1992 autobiography, "Growing Up Brady: I Was A Teenage Greg", co-written with Chris Kreski, was a "New York Times" bestseller and was adapted into a 2000 TV movie titled "Growing Up Brady" starring Adam Brody as Williams.

In 2000, Barry sang a parody of Eminem's "The Real Slim Shady" called "The Real Greg Brady"; the song was co-written by David Brody and Jay Gilbert.

Williams appeared briefly as an audience member in the 2002 music video of Peter Gabriel's song, "The Barry Williams Show". The song is actually about a fictional Jerry Springer-like talk show host, not the actor; Gabriel later revealed that he did not know of the "Brady Bunch" star when he wrote the song.

Williams has made multiple appearances at the World's Largest Disco in Buffalo, New York, where he discos his heart out.

In 2001–2002, he played Manager Dean "The Machine" Strickland in 13 episodes of the sitcom, "Hollywood 7", which featured the British pop group S Club 7.

Williams played himself in the 2003 film "".

In 2008, Williams appeared in Episode 6 of the VH1 series, "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew". Williams participated as a friend of one of the patients, Chyna, and explained to her during a group session how drinking had a negative impact on his own life and career.

In January 2010, he took a role in The Asylum mockbuster, "Mega Piranha", who played alongside the former teen pop singer Tiffany.

Williams has also created a cabaret act that pays tribute to his past and hosts the satellite radio trivia show, "The Real Greg Brady's Totally '70s Pop Quiz starring Barry Williams", broadcast Saturdays on Sirius Satellite Radio's "70s on 7" channel. As of 2019, he makes Branson, Missouri, his home and tours with the musical group "Barry Williams and the Traveliers". He also joined with the other "Brady Bunch" kids in the 2019 television series "A Very Brady Renovation" on HGTV.

With the death of Florence Henderson on November 24, 2016, Williams became the oldest surviving cast member from "The Brady Bunch".

In January 2001, Williams was fined $52,000 by Actors' Equity Association, the union representing stage actors, for starring as Captain Von Trapp in a non-union tour of "The Sound of Music". According to "Variety", the production was picketed in several cities. Williams responded by filing a complaint with the National Labor Relations Board, arguing that the fine was illegal because he had resigned from the union in September 2000 before the tour began. Equity alleged that Williams, who joined the union in 1974, was still a member when he began contract negotiations for the role.

Williams was reinstated by Actor's Equity as a member in good standing in 2005 after he unionized a non-Equity production of "A Christmas Carol" in late 2004.



</doc>
<doc id="3649107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3649107" title="Christopher Knight (actor)">
Christopher Knight (actor)

Christopher Anton Knight (born November 7, 1957) is an American actor and businessman. He is known for playing Peter Brady on the 1970s series "The Brady Bunch". He has since gone on to become a successful businessman and enjoyed a semi-resurgence in the public eye with television appearances in the 2000s. His father, Edward Knight, was also an actor.

After the end of his "Brady Bunch" appearances, Knight's acting career consisted mostly of making guest appearances on other television shows ("Happy Days", "The Love Boat"), and occasional film roles ("Just You and Me, Kid", "Curfew", "Good Girls Don't", "The Doom Generation", and "Nowhere"). He reunited with his former "Brady" costars in the holiday TV movie "A Very Brady Christmas" (1988). Before the "Brady Bunch" series, he had had some small television roles, including an appearance on the first season of "Mannix", in a 1967 episode called "Coffin for a Clown".

In 1988, Knight, a self-described "geek", left acting to pursue a business career in the computer industry. He got a job as an account sales manager for Martec, Inc. and landed that company's first million-dollar sales deal within his first 18 months on the job, for which he was named Employee of the Year. In 1989, he was named Vice President of Design System Marketing and Sales at New Image Industry.

In 1991, he co-founded Visual Software, a pioneering 3D graphics company. In 1995, he founded Kidwise Learningware, a company that manufactures interactive educational products. In 1996, he joined the keyboard manufacturer Adesso, and in 1997, he became Vice President of Marketing at iXMicro, a video hardware company. In 1998, he founded his own TV tuner company, Eskape Labs; it was purchased by Hauppauge Computer Works in 2000.

On April 17, 1994, Knight lost his professional wrestling debut in a "Dark Match" at the Spring Stampede in Chicago at the Rosemont Horizon. His adversary was another child star from 1970s television, the "Partridge Family"s Danny Bonaduce.

Knight appeared on a special episode of "The Weakest Link" that featured "The Brady Bunch" cast members squaring off against each other. Knight won the show and donated the proceeds ($49,000) to his selected charity, Zero Population Growth.

Continuing to pursue TV opportunities, Knight appeared on VH1's fourth season of "The Surreal Life". The show garnered Knight more attention than he had received in quite some time, in part because he appeared shirtless on the show, revealing a well-built body. During his stint on the show, he began a romance with a castmate, model Adrianne Curry, winner of "America's Next Top Model" cycle 1, who is almost 25 years younger than Knight. After the show, the two moved in together and got engaged, as documented on the VH1 series "My Fair Brady", which premiered on September 11, 2005. The series was renewed for another season, and the couple wed in Curry's hometown of Joliet, Illinois, on May 29, 2006, in a Gothic-style wedding.

Knight was featured in Click Five's music videos for "Just the Girl", in which he played a high school teacher, and for "Catch Your Wave", as the hotel manager.
Knight and former "Brady Bunch" co-star Barry Williams appeared in a 2006 episode of "That '70s Show", in which he and Williams portrayed a gay couple who moved in next door. The two have remained close friends since their "Brady Bunch" days, and Williams appeared several times on "My Fair Brady". Florence Henderson, who played Carol Brady, Susan Olsen, who played Cindy Brady, and Mike Lookinland, who played Bobby Brady, also appeared in an episode of "My Fair Brady". In one episode, Knight expressed how important it was for Curry to accept his close relationships with his former "Brady Bunch" co-stars.

Knight participated in VH-1's retrospective miniseries, "I Love The '70s: Volume II". He, his family, and friends appeared on the season finale of NBC's "Celebrity Family Feud" on July 29, 2008.
During the 2008–09 television season, Knight hosted the syndicated game show, "". He has hosted a series of Jonathan Goodson-produced game show specials for the Michigan Lottery, "Make Me Rich". The first special was scheduled for October 16, 2009, with a second scheduled for February 2010. The show aired periodically until early 2012.

Knight has been married four times. Knight proposed to his third wife, model and reality television personality Adrianne Curry, on the season finale of "My Fair Brady", on VH1, which aired on November 6, 2005. The show was renewed for a second season that began in June, 2006, and focused on the couple's wedding preparations. The couple wed in Curry's hometown of Joliet, Illinois on May 29, 2006, in a gothic-style wedding. In a September 2007 episode of the talk show "Dr. Phil" dealing with large age gaps in relationships Curry and Knight appeared to discuss their marital issues with Phil McGraw. McGraw predicted that their style of arguing, particularly Knight's hurtful comments, was a strong predictor of impending divorce in couples. Knight's manager, Phil Viardo, told a celebrity gossip website on May 29, 2011, that Knight and his wife, Curry, were announcing their separation. The date was the couple's fifth wedding anniversary. On February 2, 2012, on G4's "Attack of the Show", Curry said the divorce had been finalized. He married his fourth wife, Cara Kokenes, in November 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="3649127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3649127" title="Mike Lookinland">
Mike Lookinland

Michael Paul Lookinland (born December 19, 1960) is an American former actor. He is best known for his role as the youngest brother, Bobby Brady, on the ABC sitcom "The Brady Bunch" from 1969 to 1974, and its many sequels and spinoffs.

Lookinland was born in Mount Pleasant, Utah, to parents Paul (principal at Steven White Junior High, Carson, California) and Karen. He has two siblings: sister Theresa and brother, Todd, who starred in "The Blue Bird" with Elizabeth Taylor. Lookinland, who grew up as a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, began working as an actor at age 7, and by 9 had appeared in numerous television commercials for such products as toys, Cheerios cereal, and Band-Aid bandages.

Lookinland was a TV-commercial actor before he was cast in "The Brady Bunch," having done around thirty commercials. He has naturally sandy-colored, wavy hair. Because his hair color did not match Peter's or Greg's natural dark brown color, his was dyed dark brown and straightened. Occasionally, the lights on set were so hot that his dye would run down his face. During the last two seasons of "The Brady Bunch", his natural hair color was allowed to show.

His brother, Todd, appeared in a "Brady Bunch" episode that served as the pilot for a spin-off series, "Kelly's Kids", about a husband and wife who adopt three boys, one white, one black, and one Asian. The series was not bought, however.

Lookinland provided the voice of Oblio in the 1971 animated film "The Point!." Shortly after the final season of "The Brady Bunch" wrapped filming, he appeared alongside Jennifer Jones and Paul Newman in the 1974 disaster film blockbuster "The Towering Inferno" and on the 1970s TV show "The Secrets of Isis."

Lookinland reprised his role as Bobby Brady in the 1988 Christmas special "A Very Brady Christmas" and again in the 1990 sequel series "The Bradys", in which Bobby Brady was involved in a racing-car accident, which made him a wheelchair user throughout the series. Lookinland spent several years as a television camera operator and made an uncredited appearance in the 2000 TV movie "Growing Up Brady" as a camera operator filming an episode of "The Brady Bunch". He also joined with the other "Brady Bunch" children in the 2019 television series "A Very Brady Renovation" on HGTV. 

Having left show business, Lookinland operates a business that makes decorative concrete in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Lookinland graduated from Chadwick School, an independent school located in Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles, California. He later attended the University of Utah but dropped out in order to pursue a career as a production assistant and camera operator.

He wed Kelly Wermuth (born 1962), an occasional actress, on May 1, 1987 and, together, they have two children, sons Scott Michael Lookinland (born July 6, 1990), who portrayed him in "Growing Up Brady" (2000), and Joseph Kelly "Joe" Lookinland (born August 6, 1993), both born in Utah. The two worked together, with Lookinland as a production assistant and Wermuth as an extra on "" and "".

Lookinland is a self-described Deadhead, having attended more than 100 Grateful Dead concerts and shows. In 1989, the California skate rock band Wonderful Broken Thing recorded their debut full-length album "Looking For Mike Lookinland"; several songs from this album were featured on the H-Street video "Hokus Pokus."



</doc>
<doc id="3651191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3651191" title="Joe Negri">
Joe Negri

Joseph Harold Negri (born June 10, 1926) is an American jazz guitarist and educator. He appeared on the 1959 children's television program "Adventure Time".

Negri appeared, along with pianist and fellow Pennsylvanian Johnny Costa, on the 1954 TV series, "67 Melody Lane", hosted by Ken Griffin. They played two songs: "After You've Gone" and "Little Brown Jug" the latter accompanied by Griffin at the organ. He also recorded with the Three Suns.

He appeared as himself and as "Handyman Negri" in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe segments on "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood". 

Negri taught jazz guitar for 49 years at the University of Pittsburgh, where jazz guitar was first offered as a discipline in higher education. He also taught for 46 years at Duquesne University, as well as at Carnegie Mellon University.

Joe Negri began performing on radio at age three, playing the ukulele and singing. He joined the local musicians' union and began playing his first professional engagements. In the 1940s, he toured nationally and was featured with the Shep Fields Orchestra for several years. Then he entered the Army for two years.

After returning home, he performed locally with his brother, pianist Lonfellow Negri. He enrolled at Carnegie Mellon University. He concentrated on music composition and taught guitar to students, including Ralph Patt, the inventor of major-thirds tuning; Negri and Patt recorded in 1989.

Negri spent the next twenty-two years working in television as music director. He met Fred Rogers and appeared as a regular, Handyman Negri, in the children's program "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood" for nearly 40 years.

In 2010 he recorded an album with Michael Feinstein and performed with him during the next year at the Newport Jazz Festival. Negri was the subject of a profile in the September 2010 issue of "Vintage Guitar" magazine, written by Rich Kienzle. He has donated his works and other documentation related to his music to the University of Pittsburgh Archives.

The Joe Negri archives consist of the collection of manuscripts, recordings, memorabilia, and original hand-written scores that document his life, work and influence. The collection was donated by Negri in 1999 to the Center for American Music within the University Library System (ULS) at the University of Pittsburgh. The donation became the 1,000th collection at the ULS to have an electronically accessible finding aid (i.e., a guide that describes the contents of an archival collection and creator). The archives contains correspondence, commissioned commercial musical compositions, scores, recordings and television archival footage. His donation also included his college coursework, compositions written for the River City Brass Band, television scores, commercial jingles, and film work. Companies that commissioned work from Negri included McDonald's, Alcoa, Kaufmann's, and Westinghouse.









</doc>
<doc id="3653248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3653248" title="Terry Carter">
Terry Carter

Terry Carter (born December 16, 1928) is an American actor and filmmaker, known for his roles as Sgt. Joe Broadhurst on the seven-year TV series "McCloud" and as Colonel Tigh on the original "Battlestar Galactica".

Carter was born in Brooklyn, New York City, as John Everett DeCoste. His mother, Mercedes, was a native of the Dominican Republic, and his father, William DeCoste, was of Argentinian and African-American descent who operated a radio repair business. Carter graduated from Stuyvesant High School in Manhattan in 1946. He attended Hunter College, Boston University, and U.C.L.A. before earning a Bachelor of Science degree from Northeastern University. Carter left St. John's University School of Law after two years to become an actor.

Carter gained theatre experience in several productions on the Broadway and off-Broadway stage. His Broadway credits include playing the male lead opposite Eartha Kitt in the play "Mrs. Patterson" and performing the title role in the musical extravaganza "Kwamina".

From 1965 to 1968, Carter worked as a weekend newscaster for WBZ-TV in Boston, where he became an anchor-reporter. Some sources said he was the world's first black TV newsman. During his three-year stint, he also served as New England television's first black opening-night movie and theater critic. Although WBZ said he resigned from the station, Carter told the black press that had been fired, because Westinghouse (which owned WBZ) objected to his personal involvement in numerous community projects. His departure left Boston without any black TV news reporters.

Carter also acted in numerous TV series, specials, and theatrical films. Carter was a regular cast member of "The Phil Silvers Show" (popularly known as "Sergeant Bilko"), appearing as Pvt. Sugie Sugarman in 91 episodes between 1955 and '59. Carter played boxer Rosie Palmer in a 1964 episode of the ABC drama "Breaking Point." In 1965 he was the only black actor to have a role in the World War II drama "Combat!". He played the part of Police Officer Tuttle in the 1974 children's film "Benji." He is best known internationally for his co-starring role as Colonel Tigh in the popular science-fiction TV series "Battlestar Galactica". He was originally cast as Lieutenant Boomer, but was cut following a roller skating accident that fractured his ankle. After replacing Carter with Herb Jefferson, Jr., producer Glen A. Larson instead offered Terry Carter the role of Colonel Tigh, second in command of the ragtag fleet of starships. Carter also starred as Dennis Weaver's partner, "Sergeant Joe Broadhurst" in the detective series "McCloud" for seven years. He played opposite Pam Grier in the motion picture "Foxy Brown". He played the role of CIA chief "Texas Slim" in "Hamilton", a multinational action-adventure Swedish film (1999). More recently, Carter had a recurring role in "Hotel Caesar", Norway's most popular soap opera, as Solomon Tefari, an Ethiopian businessman and father of one of the main characters.

In 1975, Carter started a small Los Angeles corporation, Meta/4 Productions, Inc. for which he produced and directed industrial and educational presentations on film and videotape for the federal government. Carter is president of Council for Positive Images, Inc., a non-profit organization he formed in 1979, dedicated to enhancing intercultural and interethnic understanding through audiovisual communication. Under the Council’s auspices, Carter has produced and directed award-winning dramatic and documentary programs for presentation on PBS and distribution worldwide.





</doc>
<doc id="3654071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3654071" title="Wayde Preston">
Wayde Preston

Wayde Preston (September 10, 1929 – February 6, 1992) was an American actor cast from 1957 to 1960 in the lead role in 67 episodes of the ABC/Warner Brothers western television series, "Colt .45". He is also known for his appearance in the title role of an acclaimed 1959 episode entitled "The Saga of Waco Williams" of another ABC/WB western series, "Maverick".

Born William Erksine Strange in Denver, Colorado, Preston was reared in Laramie in southern Wyoming by his educator parents, John and Bernice Strange. He had two younger sisters, Joan and Mary. In 1947 he graduated from Laramie High School, where he was active in football, track, the school band and the Reserve Officer Training Corps. He attended the University of Wyoming in Laramie, where he studied pharmacy. He became an accomplished musician and played in many bands during the late 1940s. In 1950 Preston was drafted into the United States Army. Trained in an artillery unit at Fort Bliss, Texas, Preston attained the rank of first lieutenant and fought in the Korean War. For a time, after his military service, he was a park ranger at Grand Teton National Park in northwestern Wyoming and rode the rodeo circuit before he got his break as an actor.

In "Colt .45" he played Christopher Colt, a government undercover agent who masquerades as a pistol salesman traveling throughout the Old West. The series lasted until Preston, like James Garner and Clint Walker during the same period, ran afoul of the Warner Brothers studio and their production demands. Donald May replaced Preston in 1959 and 1960 in the role of Colt's cousin, Sam Colt Jr., but only in four episodes.

Preston also played the role of Christopher Colt in 1958 and 1959 in four episodes relating to "The Canary Kid" of the ABC/WB "Sugarfoot" series, starring Will Hutchins.

"The Saga of Waco Williams" is a critical favorite that paired Preston with James Garner, as Bret Maverick, and drew more viewers than any other "Maverick" episode; it remains one of Preston's career milestones. Tom Selleck's recurring comical character of Lance White in NBC's later "The Rockford Files", starring James Garner, is loosely based by writer/producer Stephen J. Cannell upon Waco Williams (Selleck and Preston resembled each other.) After these appearances, Selleck in 1980 immediately procured his own CBS series, "Magnum, P.I."

Preston played some 20 roles in television and films between 1957-91. Following his departure from "Colt .45" he went to Europe, where he appeared in numerous spaghetti westerns including Vic Morrow's "A Man Called Sledge" opposite James Garner as well as the 1968 film "Anzio" about the World War II Battle of Anzio. Preston played the role of Logan in another 1968 film, "Wrath of God"; he was then cast in 1969 as Marshal Johnny Silver in "Death Knows No Time".

Preston later appeared on episodes of NBC's "Bonanza" and ABC's "Starsky and Hutch". His last screen appearance was a supporting role in the 1990 film version of "Captain America".



</doc>
<doc id="3654561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3654561" title="Al Santos (actor)">
Al Santos (actor)

Alfredo "Al" Santos is an American actor, producer and former model. Born in New York City, Santos studied Sciences at Hunter College. He is best known for playing the character of Johnny Bishop in the WB TV series "Grosse Pointe".

He was a model from 1991 until 2002.

In 1991, when he was 15, Santos was discovered by Ford Modeling Agency. They then signed him to be the face of Versace. He has modelled clothing for top fashion names such as Armani, Valentino, and Abercrombie & Fitch.
He has also featured on the covers of magazines: Seventeen, YM, Teen Vogue, American Fitness, and Elle.

Santos is known for his character 'Dante Belasco' in "Jeepers Creepers 2", and also had starring roles in the television series "The Help" and "Grosse Pointe". He also made guest appearances on "". Santos is also starring in the upcoming horror film "Speed Demons", alongside Sticky Fingaz, Marina Sirtis, Terry Kiser and Angela Sarafyan, directed by Dan García.

Santos is the president and founder of Stronghold Productions, Inc, an entertainment film company in Beverly Hills, California.

He is the brother of Chris Santos and Patrick Santos, who are also actors.



</doc>
<doc id="3657418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3657418" title="William Martens">
William Martens

William Martens (born August 1964) is a computer engineer and magazine editor known for writing articles for the magazine Call-A.P.P.L.E., including the long running "Bytes from the A.P.P.L.E.", a product introduction article. His invention of The Library 1.1 allows A.P.P.L.E. to produce the software and document libraries in a matter of seconds covering the entire range of Apple computers.

Bill's early years were spent traveling around the world with his father, Michael, a U.S. Army soldier. His early interests included Rocketry, space exploration, and flying. This may have been due to his stepmother, Betty Lou Miller, being a Westinghouse clean-room supervisor. From an early age, she began putting electronics kits, books on space and satellites and other science related items in his room. Bill built his first radio at age 9 from one of the kits Betty had provided.

Bill's first contact with a computer came in 1976 through a copy of Creative Computing, a popular hobbyist magazine at the time. When Bill moved to Germany with his father in 1977, the school had a DEC PDP/11-4 series computer which had several teletypes attached. This is where his true talents came through. By 1979, Bill was spending more than 5 hours a day in the computer labs at Nuremberg American H.S., working on anything computer related he could. Always seen with his box of computer tapes, it was apparent that this would be his life.

In 1980, Bill returned to the US and once again turned to the computers and by summer of 1981, was working for Apple Pugetsound Program Library Exchange.

Bill joined A.P.P.L.E in Summer 1981. Under the expert tutelage of Michael Christensen and Joff Morgan, Bill began to take an interest in Pascal which was fast becoming the programming language of the modern programmer. In January 1982, Bill began work on the Pascal Anthology which became a mainstay product for A.P.P.L.E until 1988. In 1989, he moved to Japan to pursue his career in engineering. His first job in Japan was working for a Japanese electronics house designing and programming satellite transceivers for ships.

In 1985 he created a language which allowed formatting of text and allowed user interaction. File Control Language was only released in small numbers and was soon made obsolete by the introduction of HyperCard. The other thing which led to the quick demise of File Control Language was the fact that it was oriented around the Apple II Series computers and was not ported to any of the other computing platforms of the era.

In 1997, he invented the self producing web system for computer databases, The Library 1.1. This system was a mainstay of the MSCOM software library which has become the surviving system in A.P.P.L.E's efforts to create one of the largest Apple related software and documentation libraries on the internet today.

In 2001, he began to work on restoring A.P.P.L.E and Call-A.P.P.L.E. Magazine. By May 2002, this was a reality with the first newsletter/magazine issue since 1994. Today, the magazine has a distribution of about 14,000 copies per month and continues to enjoy a high percentage of readers who are Apple II specific readers. Bill currently serves as the President of A.P.P.L.E. and is in his second term as President separated by a one-year period in which Mike Pfaiffer was President.

William Martens is known in Japan as for his years as a football Player and as a television actor. As a Television actor, William has performed in numerous Japanese and Korean dramas, re-enactment dramas, Variety programs, commercials and promotional videos. He is currently starring in the Paul Carter directed film, "The Lost Man", which will be released fall 2006.

William has played for several clubs over the past 17 years. He joined the Harajuku Indians in 1990 and played and coached with them until the team folded in 1997. After a 5-year retirement due to an injury sustained when he was joining the Tachikawa Falcons of the JPFF, he returned to the Tokrozawa Outlaws in 2007 where he played for 2 years. He is currently playing with the Unisys Bulls of the X-League top division.

Stats:

Ht: 6'4" (190 cm)

Wt: 260 lbs (118 kg)



</doc>
<doc id="3663349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3663349" title="Kevin J. O'Connor (actor)">
Kevin J. O'Connor (actor)

Kevin James O'Connor (born November 15, 1963) is an American actor.

O'Connor is known for portraying character roles in major studio films such as "There Will Be Blood", "The Mummy," "Lord of Illusions", "F/X2" and "Van Helsing". He is a favorite of writer/director Stephen Sommers, who usually casts him in his films.

Kevin J. O'Connor was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of James O'Connor, a retired Chicago police officer, and Patricia Connelly, a teacher. He has a brother, Christopher O'Connor (a Southside school teacher). In 1988, he was married to Jane Elizabeth Unrue. O'Connor trained for the stage at the DePaul/Goodman School of Drama, before making his big-screen debut as high school rebel and beatnik poet Michael Fitzsimmons in Francis Ford Coppola's "Peggy Sue Got Married" (1986). His next major part was quizzical newspaper reporter Taggerty Hayes in the HBO miniseries "Tanner '88". He portrayed a young Ernest Hemingway in the 1988 film "The Moderns", had a small role in 1989's "Steel Magnolias" and a featured role in 1994's erotic thriller "Color of Night", which starred Bruce Willis and Jane March.

O'Connor worked with writer/director Stephen Sommers on the 1998 science-fiction adventure "Deep Rising". He subsequently appeared in Sommers' projects "The Mummy", where he played the cowardly, materialistic, multilingual Beni, "Van Helsing", in which he played Count Dracula's devious servant (and Dr. Frankenstein's former assistant) Igor and "" portraying Doctor Mindbender.

He had a key supporting role in "There Will Be Blood" as Henry, the "brother" of Daniel Day-Lewis's oil man, Daniel Plainview.

O'Connor also starred in John Candy's last film "Canadian Bacon", as the suicidal, eccentric American Roy Boy. who is intent on sabotaging Canada.



</doc>
<doc id="3664807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3664807" title="Franky G">
Franky G

Franky G (born Frank Gonzales; October 30, 1965), is an American film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Xavier in "Saw II" and Wrench in the 2003 remake of "The Italian Job" as well as other various roles such as Lupus in "Confidence" and Detective Cruz in "Wonderland".

Gonzalez's parents moved from Puerto Rico to Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City. Gonzalez was born in Williamsburg and later moved to Flushing, Queens. Before acting, he played semi-professional football, worked as a bouncer and security guard in New York clubs. He studied criminal law in college. Gonzalez replied to an ad for "Manito" (then called "Cruel World") in "Backstage" magazine; three weeks later he was called to read the script for director Eric Eason. The film played in 50 festivals in 2002. The following year he was cast at the last minute for the role of Wrench in "The Italian Job". In 2005, he played Jonny Calvo in the short-lived Fox Network television show "Jonny Zero" and played Xavier in the horror film "Saw II".



</doc>
<doc id="3677700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3677700" title="Paul Ford">
Paul Ford

Paul Ford (November 2, 1901 – April 12, 1976) was an American character actor who came to specialize in authority figures whose ineptitude and pompous demeanor were played for comic effect, notably as Mayor Shinn in "The Music Man" (1962) and as Colonel John T. Hall in "The Phil Silvers Show".

Ford was born Paul Ford Weaver in Baltimore, Maryland. His father was described as "a well-to-do businessman" who lost his fortune when his investment in a soft drink company failed.

At an early age, he showed an adept talent for performance, but was discouraged when directors thought he was tone-deaf. 

After attending Dartmouth College for one year, Ford was a salesman before he became an entertainer. 

He took his middle birth name, which was his mother's maiden name, as his stage last name. The change occurred after he failed an audition as Paul Weaver but was successful when he auditioned again as Paul Ford.

In later years, Ford made his hollow, reverberating voice one of the most recognized of his era. His success was long in the making, and he did little acting, but instead raised his family during the Great Depression.

Franklin Delano Roosevelt's Public Works programs provided Ford with work, and to the day he died, he was a passionate Democrat. He first ventured into entertainment, however, in a puppet theater project that the Works Progress Administration sponsored. Years later, he said of that opportunity: "I got on the puppet project of the W.P.A. and helped write and put on shows for the Federal Theater. We did puppet shows at the World's Fair in 1939 and 1940, and I served as narrator, a kind of Hoosier cornball in beard."

Following his experience with puppets, Ford worked as an attendant at a gas station before turning to acting for a career. His first professional acting job was in an Off-Broadway production in 1939.

In 1955, Ford played the bank president in the NBC comedy series "Norby". He became an "overnight" success at age 54 when he played Colonel John T. Hall opposite Phil Silvers on Silvers' "The Phil Silvers Show" TV show (often known as Sergeant Bilko or just Bilko). 

His signature role may well be the part of Mayor George Shinn, a befuddled politico in the film adaptation of the Broadway show "The Music Man." Ford played the role straight and received glowing reviews. The other role he is most identified with is that of Horace Vandergelder opposite Shirley Booth in the 1958 screen version of "The Matchmaker". Ford had an active career in both films and television until his retirement in the early 1970s. 

Despite being a respected Broadway character actor, Ford was notorious for being unable to remember his lines. This would cause difficulty forcing him and those around him to improvise. This became especially notable on "The Phil Silvers Show".

He appeared in the 1962–1963 season in the CBS anthology "The Lloyd Bridges Show". He starred in "The Baileys of Balboa", which lasted only one season (1964–1965).

His stage credits include "Another Part of the Forest" (1946), "Command Decision" (1947), "The Teahouse of the August Moon" (1953), "Whoop-Up" (1958), replacing David Burns as Mayor Shinn in "The Music Man" (1957), "A Thurber Carnival" (1960), "Never Too Late" (1962), "3 Bags Full" (1966), and "What Did We Do Wrong?" (1967).

Most actors who worked with Ford claimed he was a kindly and very funny man. He was known for his quotes about the Depression in later years, including, "My kids used to think everyone lived on peanut butter sandwiches." 

His final role prior to his death was a Washington doctor in "Richard".

In 1976, Ford died of a heart attack at Nassau Hospital in Mineola, New York. He was 74. He was buried in Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California. He was survived by his wife, two daughters, and two sons.

Ford was nominated for three Emmy Awards: Best Supporting Performance by an Actor (1957), Best Continuing Supporting Performance by an Actor in a Dramatic or Comedy Series (1958) and Outstanding Performance in a Supporting Role by an Actor (1963). The first two were for his work on "The Phil Silvers Show"; the third was for a role on the "Hallmark Hall of Fame".

Ford was nominated in 1963 for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Play for "Never Too Late".

Ford's obituary in "The New York Times" noted "In 1967 Mr. Ford was cited by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures as the best supporting actor for his role in "The Comedians.""



</doc>
<doc id="3678058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3678058" title="John Marshall Jones">
John Marshall Jones

John Marshall Jones (born August 17, 1962) is an American actor.



</doc>
<doc id="3678357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3678357" title="Joe Kirkwood Jr.">
Joe Kirkwood Jr.

Reginald Thomas Kirkwood (May 30, 1920 – September 7, 2006), better known as Joe Kirkwood Jr., was a professional golfer on the PGA Tour and a motion picture actor. He started going by the name Joe Jr. in the late 1930s.

Kirkwood was born in Melbourne, Australia. His father, Joe Kirkwood Sr., was a golf pro acknowledged as having put Australian golf on the world map. In 1948, father and son both made the cut at the U.S. Open, the first father and son duo to do so (a record they held until 2004). When the younger Kirkwood won the 1949 Philadelphia Inquirer Open, they became the third father and son winners in the history of the PGA Tour. Kirkwood Jr. also won the Ozark Open in 1950 and defeated Sam Snead to win the 1951 Blue Ribbon Open in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

In 1945, Kirkwood was invited by Monogram Pictures to test for the role of boxer Joe Palooka, a popular comic book character. He got the part and starred in "Joe Palooka, Champ" (1946) as well as ten additional Joe Palooka films through 1951. Kirkwood returned to the role in the 1954 television series "The Joe Palooka Story".

In the late 1950s, Kirkwood, who has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1620 Vine Street, was one of the reporters on the popular NBC Radio program "Monitor".

Kirkwood married Joyce Woltz in 1962. His first marriage, to Cathy Downs, lasted from 1952 until their divorce in 1955. Downs and Kirkwood starred together in "The Joe Palooka Story" TV series from 1954 to 1955.

Kirkwood died September 7, 2006 in Hesperia, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3679907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3679907" title="Benjamin Hendrickson">
Benjamin Hendrickson

Benjamin Hendrickson (August 26, 1950 – July 3, 2006) was an American actor known for playing Harold "Hal" Munson, Jr., the Chief of Detectives for the mythical town of Oakdale on the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns."

Hendrickson was born in Huntington, New York. He studied at the prestigious Juilliard School as part of the institution's first drama division class and was a founding member of John Houseman's The Acting Company.

Prior to his television appearances, Hendrickson acted in theatre. From 1973 to 1984, he appeared in a host of productions that included "The Elephant Man" (taking over the title part in 1981 after serving as David Bowie's understudy), "Awake and Sing" and "Strider".

Hendrickson also acted in feature films. He originated the role of Frederick Chilton, Hannibal Lecter's pompous, incompetent psychiatrist, in the 1986 film "Manhunter"; the part was later played by Anthony Heald in "the Silence of the Lambs" (1991) and "Red Dragon" (2002) and Raúl Esparza in the TV series "Hannibal" (2013-2015). Hendrickson's other credits include "Dreams Don't Die" (1982), "Russkies" (1987), "Regarding Henry" (1991), "Consenting Adults" (1992) and "Spanking the Monkey" (1994).

Hendrickson made appearances on daytime television in the early 1980s; his credits included "Another World", "Texas", and a notable role on "Guiding Light" as the villainous Silas Crocker. Years later, he also appeared as a judge on "Boston Legal".

However, Hendrickson was best known for playing Harold "Hal" Munson Jr., the Chief of Detectives for the mythical town of Oakdale on the long-running daytime soap opera "As the World Turns".

He played Hal for over 20 years, from October 1985 to September 2004 and from June 2005 to July 2006. Hal was initially a short-term role, but as Hendrickson joked, when he "impregnated the leading lady" (the character of Margo, then played by Hillary B. Smith), he signed a contract with a longer term.

Hendrickson won the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor for playing Hal in 2003. During his acceptance speech, he honored his source of moral support with a joke: "To my mother, who scrimped and saved to send me to Juilliard to study the classics... I'm sorry."

Hendrickson's body was discovered on July 3, 2006 at his Huntington, New York home. The Suffolk County Police labeled his death a suicide; his body had been found with a gunshot wound to the head.

Since daytime soap operas are taped several weeks before airing, Hendrickson's final scenes on "As the World Turns" were broadcast July 12, 2006, nine days after his death. The July 12 episode featured a brief dedication at the end alerting viewers to his death.

A July 5, 2006 "TV Guide" article indicated that the role would not be recast; the show addressed the fate of the character onscreen in October 2006, and had Hal Munson die in the line of duty.



</doc>
<doc id="3680117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3680117" title="Jesse Lee Soffer">
Jesse Lee Soffer

Jesse Lee Soffer (born April 23, 1984) is an American actor. He is known for portraying Will Munson on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns," and received three Emmy nominations for his work on the show. Since 2014, he has starred as Det. Jay Halstead on the NBC drama "and guest-starred on Chicago Fire crossover episodes with Chicago Med", in a recurring role, and its police procedural spin-off "Chicago P.D.", as part of the main cast. He is also known for his role as Bobby Brady in the comedy "The Brady Bunch Movie" and its sequel "A Very Brady Sequel".

Soffer was born in Ossining, New York, to Stan Soffer and Jill B. Hindes.

Soffer boarded at The Gunnery, graduating in 2003. He played soccer in school and was named in the all-star team (prep school category) during his senior season. He took classes at New York University (NYU).

Soffer's acting career began at age six when he landed a Kix cereal commercial. In 1993 at age of eight, he made his feature film debut with John Goodman and Cathy Moriarty in the comedy "Matinee".

In 1994, Soffer co-starred as Percival in the drama "Safe Passage". In 1995, Soffer co-starred as Bobby Brady in the comedy "The Brady Bunch Movie" and reprised his role in "A Very Brady Sequel" a year later. Continuing the pattern of working with Oscar-calibre and A-list talent, Soffer starred as a runaway-turned-sleuth Jamie Kincaid in the TV movie "From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler". He worked with director Richard Shepard in the AMC TV movie "The Royale". In 1998, Soffer was cast as Taylor Donovan with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen on the ABC sitcom "Two of a Kind". He also originated the role of Max Nickerson on the CBS soap opera "Guiding Light" in 1999. After four months on the show, he left to focus on his studies.
After graduating from high school, Soffer returned to his television career. In 2004, he took over the role of troubled youth Will Munson on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns". He played the role until April 4, 2008. As of 2008, he was nominated three times for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for his work on ATWT as well as a Soap Opera Digest Award nomination for Outstanding Younger Lead Actor in 2005. In 2007, Soffer returned to his film career and co-starred with Carly Schroeder in Davis Guggenheim's sports drama "Gracie", based on a true story. In July 2010, Soffer reprised his role as Will Munsen on "As the World Turns". In 2011, Soffer co-starred in the dystopian science fiction action thriller "In Time". Since then, he guest-starred on a number of television series including "", "The Mentalist" and "Rizzoli & Isles". In 2012, he co-starred with Jordana Spiro in the short-lived Fox medical drama "The Mob Doctor" as Nate Devlin, the streetwise brother of Dr. Grace Devlin (Spiro). Later that year, he co-starred as Travis Alexander in Lifetime's original movie "".

In June 2013, it was reported Soffer had joined the cast of the NBC police procedural drama "Chicago P.D.", the first spin-off show from the drama "Chicago Fire" as Det. Jay Halstead. Halstead was introduced in the second season of "Chicago Fire". "Chicago P.D." premiered on January 8, 2014. On March 19, 2014, NBC renewed the series for a second season. NBC officially announced that the second season would premiere on September 24, 2014. Soffer does his own stunts on the show.

On September 24, 2014, Soffer appeared in the second season premiere of the YouTube comedy/talk webseries "Talking Marriage with Ryan Bailey".

Soffer was in a relationship with "Chicago P.D." co-star Sophia Bush from May 2014 to November 2016. 

Soffer began dating "Chicago Med" star Torrey DeVitto in 2018, officially confirming their romance in August of the same year. The pair announced they had ended their relationship in May 2019.


The Gunnery, Soffer's "alma mater"



</doc>
<doc id="3681544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3681544" title="Ant (comedian)">
Ant (comedian)

Anthony Steven Kalloniatis (born August 23, 1967) is an American stand-up comedian and actor, best known by his stage name Ant.

Ant performed at comedy clubs across the US beginning in 1991. 

In 1995, he was a semi-regular cast member on the WB series "Unhappily Ever After", spending four seasons on the sitcom.

Ant appeared as a contestant on "Last Comic Standing", competing in seasons two and three.

He was the host of VH1 reality series "Celebrity Fit Club" and was a regular judge of talent on "Steve Harvey's Big Time". His television series "U.S. of Ant" premiered on MTV's gay-targeted Logo cable channel in the summer of 2006. Ant also frequently appeared as a commentator on shows such as VH1's "Best Week Ever" and CNBC's "Dennis Miller", and was a regular guest on "The Tyra Banks Show", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" as well as "The Howard Stern Show".

In 2007, he appeared along with Snoop Dogg as a guest star on MTV's sketch comedy show "Short Circuitz".

Ant also appeared as a regular celebrity guest on the game show "To Tell the Truth", alongside Jackée Harry, Meshach Taylor and John O'Hurley.

In 2008, he was a contestant on VH1's reality competition "Celebracadabra", where celebrities trained with established magicians, and competed in an elimination-format contest. Ant was eliminated in episode 2 and brought back in episode 4, but did not go on to win.

On September 30, 2008, it was reported that Ant was suing British presenters Ant & Dec for using the name 'Ant' in the United States. The suit, among other things, alleges trademark infringement and fraud. The suit was dismissed in May 2010.

Kalloniatis is a former host of the "Second Chances" podcast with comedian Greg Baldwin.

Ant is openly gay.



</doc>
<doc id="3682868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3682868" title="John Beck (actor)">
John Beck (actor)

John Beck (born January 28, 1943) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as Mark Graison in the television series "Dallas" during the middle 1980s. He often portrayed hard-ball businessmen.

Beck grew up in Chicago. His childhood ambition was to become a veterinarian. However, following his performance in a school play at the age of sixteen, which he had been asked to take part in as a means of overcoming profound shyness, his tutors encouraged him to try to get into drama school. He moved to California in 1962 at the age of nineteen and made his living by appearing in television commercials. In 1963/1964, he attended Joliet Junior College and was in an acting class. A year later, he made his first television appearance as an actor in his own right in a 1965 episode of NBC's "I Dream of Jeannie" (entitled 'Russian Roulette') at the age of twenty-one. Beck had a regular supporting role as Ketcham in the weekly "Nichols (TV series)" also known as "James Garner as Nichols" which ran for one season on NBC from 1971 to 1972. His numerous credits as a supporting actor over the years include guest slots in such series as "Death Valley Days", "", "Dan August", "Baywatch" (Beck was a good friend of "Baywatch" star David Hasselhoff during the 1980s), "Tales from the Crypt", "Bonanza", "Gunsmoke", "Mod Squad", "", "Hawaii Five-O" and "Matlock", among numerous others.

Already a household name in the United States by this point, Beck first came to the attention of international audiences in 1973 when he played an underground leader named Erno who leads a revolt against a fascist government in the Woody Allen sci-fi comedy "Sleeper". That same year, he appeared as "John W. Poe" in the Sam Peckinpah western "Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid", and in 1975, he appeared opposite James Caan as "Moonpie" in the original "Rollerball".

In the film "The Other Side of Midnight" in 1977, Beck played the male lead. A year later, Beck starred in an adaptation of H. G. Wells's "The Time Machine" (with future "Three's Company" actress Priscilla Barnes), and appeared in the TV miniseries "Wheels". He appeared as Dorian Blake in 1985's "Peyton Place: The Next Generation", a proposed revival of 1960s nighttime drama "Peyton Place". Both productions aired on NBC in the United States.

After over fifteen years of being cast in supporting roles and bit-parts in various American drama and comedy series and low-budget films, he finally landed his first major starring role playing Sam Curtis in the early 1980s television soap opera "Flamingo Road", followed by the role of Mark Graison on "Dallas" from 1983 to 1986. Although his character was killed off in 1984, he later returned after having faked his death to seek an alternative cure for a disease from which he was suffering. However, in 1986, former star Patrick Duffy was asked to return to "Dallas". To accommodate this, the producers made the entire 1985–86 season a dream of character Pamela Ewing. As a result, Beck's character was written out of the show as if he had never actually returned from the dead.

Over 1991 and 1992, Beck had a leading role on the daytime soap opera "Santa Barbara", playing David Raymond in over 100 episodes. He returned to that genre in 2001, with a recurring role in "Passions".

Beck took a brief turn at voice acting, providing the voice of the Punisher in three episodes of "Spider-Man: The Animated Series". Beck also guest-starred as the character Raymond Boone in the "" extended episode "" in 1994. A year later, he appeared in the film "Black Day Blue Night".

After his third appearance on the "" series in 1997, Beck began to wind down his acting schedule due to "exhaustion". In 2009 he retired from acting.

Beck was born in Chicago and raised in nearby Joliet, Illinois. He married Tina Carter on April 24, 1971. The couple have four children.

Beck was a proficient boxer in the 1970s and won several amateur titles, most notably the heavyweight 'Golden Gloves' of Chicago in 1973. Also a one-time champion roller-skater, he was able to perform many of his own stunts in the film "Rollerball" without the need for a stunt double.




</doc>
<doc id="3682964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3682964" title="Joseph Maher">
Joseph Maher

Joseph Sylvester Maher (pronounced "Ma-her" or "Ma-HARR", December 29, 1933 – July 17, 1998) was an Irish-born naturalized American character actor, playwright and director, best known for his roles in motion pictures, television and the theater. He was nominated for three Tony Awards, won a Drama Desk Award and Obie Award, and was a nominee of the Olivier Award for his supporting roles on the stage. He was also known for appearing in plays by Joe Orton.

Maher was one of ten children born to Delia A. (née O'Malley) and Joseph Maher, a schoolteacher, in Westport, County Mayo, Irish Free State. He was educated by the Irish Christian Brothers and emigrated to Canada in 1956 where he worked for an oil company before becoming interested in theater. He worked for three years with the Canadian Players before making his New York stage debut in Brendan Behan's "The Hostage".

Maher's Broadway theatre credits include "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie", "King Henry V", "The Royal Family", "Night and Day", and "Loot".

Maher's film credits include "For Pete's Sake", "Heaven Can Wait", "Time After Time", "Just Tell Me What You Want", "I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can", "The Evil That Men Do", "Frankenweenie", "My Stepmother is an Alien", "Sister Act", "Funny Farm", "I.Q.", "In & Out", "The Shadow", "Mars Attacks!" and "The Out-of-Towners".

Maher's appearances on television included roles in the soap operas "Guiding Light" and "Another World". He also guest-starred in several other TV series including "M*A*S*H", "Wonder Woman", "When Things Were Rotten", "Ellery Queen", "St. Elsewhere", "ALF", "Gimme a Break!", "Moonlighting", "Thirtysomething", "Murder, She Wrote", "Seinfeld", "Tales from the Crypt" and "Chicago Hope".

Maher died of a brain tumor at his home in Los Angeles, California, on July 17, 1998. Maher's interment was in his hometown of Westport, County Mayo, Ireland.



</doc>
<doc id="3683615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3683615" title="Wayne Osmond">
Wayne Osmond

Melvin Wayne Osmond (born August 28, 1951) is the second oldest of the original Osmond Brothers singers and the fourth oldest of the nine Osmond children.

Osmond was born in Ogden, Utah, the son of Olive May (née Davis; 1925 – 2004) and George Virl Osmond (1917 – 2007). Wayne has been performing since he was six years old. He made his national television debut on NBC's "The Andy Williams Show", with brothers Alan, Merrill, and Jay. The four remained with Andy Williams for seven years.

Alan, Merrill, Jay, and Wayne Osmond were also cast in nine episodes of the 1963-1964 ABC Western series, "The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters", with Wayne in the role of young Leviticus Kissel. The series is the story of a wagon train to the American West as seen from the eyes of 12-year-old Jaime McPheeters, played by Kurt Russell, with other roles for Dan O'Herlihy, Michael Witney, and Charles Bronson.

Mostly a guitarist and singer, Wayne Osmond can also play the flute, clarinet, saxophone, violin, banjo, piano, drums, and bagpipes.

Wayne Osmond with brothers Merrill and Alan wrote many of the Osmonds' hit songs during the 1970s.

On December 13, 1974, Wayne married Kathlyn White from Bountiful, Utah, a former Miss Davis County Fair (Davis County, Utah) and Miss Utah of 1974. Wayne and Kathlyn have five children, three girls and two boys.
In the 1990s, Wayne moved to Branson, Missouri, where he performed and toured with his brothers at the Osmond Family Theater, Country Tonight, Moon River Theater, and Branson Variety Theater.

In 1997, Wayne was diagnosed with a brain tumor which was successfully treated. He remains an avid aviation enthusiast. He has announced that because of health issues (including worsening hearing loss, a recurring problem in the Osmond family), he has retired and will no longer be appearing or performing with his family. His last intended appearance with them was October 13, 2018, which he mainly agreed to do for financial reasons, although he made an additional appearance with his brothers a year later as a birthday present to their sister, Marie.



</doc>
<doc id="3688480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3688480" title="Eugene Byrd">
Eugene Byrd

Eugene Byrd (born August 28, 1975) is an American actor. Byrd was born and raised in Philadelphia, where he graduated from Greene Street Friends School in 1989 and The Crefeld School in 1993. He began acting as a child, appearing as Arthur in the movie "My Little Girl" in 1986. He is best known for his portrayal of Dr. Clark Edison on the series ""Bones"".

Byrd's movie appearances include "Dead Man," "Demon Island," "Sleepers," "8 Mile," "Lift" and "." He had the leading role in "Confess," for which he won the Break-Out Performance Award at the 2006 Method Fest Independent Film Festival. Byrd also starred with longtime friend/Rap Artist Will "Tha Vill" Fuller, Jerry Della Salla (Green Zone) and Director Clay Von Thomas. The four men worked on the highly anticipated Pilot called "The Barracks."

Byrd had a guest role in the first season of the Nickelodeon television series "Are You Afraid of the Dark?" in which he portrayed a teenage prankster nicknamed Weeds in the sixth episode titled 'The Tale of the Super Specs.' He was also a guest star in the seventh and eighth seasons of "The Cosby Show" for four episodes titled "Theo and the Kids" part 1 and 2, "Theo's Future," and "Cliff and Theo Come Clean." He landed a role on "Beverly Hills, 90210" as Rondinson Ashe III during the second season. Byrd appeared in several season 3 episodes of the "Touched by an Angel" spin off "Promised Land" as Lawrence "L.T." Taggert, Jr., a troubled teen struggling with gang related drug and violence issues. He starred in the Disney movie "Perfect Harmony" (released 31 March 1991), which explores the racial tensions between African-American and white populations in a small South Carolina town. Byrd's character, Landy Allen, is the grandson of an African-American caretaker at an all-white private academy. His character's musical talent attracts the interest of a student named Taylor Bradshaw (played by Justin Whalen), who sets out to explore the music and lives of African-American residents, knowing his actions could result in expulsion from the academy and rejection by his fellow white students and friends.

In 1993, Byrd appeared as Walter in the TV series "Ghostwriter". He portrayed the comical but defiant Oliver Cross on the British Children's television series "Chris Cross," which won an award for "Best Children's Series" in 1994. The show aired on the Showtime Cable Network from 1994 to 1995. He guest stars in NYPD Blue (2001). Byrd had a minor role in season one of "Heroes", as Nathan Petrelli's campaign manager. He had a recurring role as Dr. Sidney Trumaine in 13 episodes of "Crossing Jordan", which aired on NBC from 2001 through 2007. His character disappeared after season five's opener "There's No Place Like Home II". Byrd has also made appearances on "Two and a Half Men" as one of Charlie Harper's drinking buddies and in the Syfy channels's science fiction thriller ""Eureka"" as Michael Clark in the episode titled "Worst Case Scenario." The series was cancelled in 2012 after five seasons. 
He was a policeman in "American Horror Story" Asylum.

Byrd had a recurring role as Dr. Clark Edison in the American television series ""Bones"" from seasons 3 to 12. In season eight, his character is hired as a full-time staff forensic anthropologist by Jeffersonian Forensic Division head Dr. Camille Saroyan (played by Tamara Taylor). Byrd was credited as a guest star in seasons 3 through 12. Byrd also played Andy Diggle on The CW TV series "Arrow".

In 2014, he was hired by video game company Electronic Arts to play Marcus "Boomer" Boone in the first-person shooter "Battlefield Hardline".

He played Delmont "Del" Walker in "Gears of War 4" and Zander Freemaker in "" TV series in 2016 and 2017.

On January 6, 2011, The Glendale News reported that Byrd was arrested in California by the Glendale Police Department for suspicion of domestic assault on January 1, 2011. The disposition of this case has not been made public.



</doc>
<doc id="3692357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3692357" title="Jim Zulevic">
Jim Zulevic

Jim Zulevic (February 20, 1965 – January 7, 2006) was an American actor, improvisational comedian, television writer, and radio host. He died suddenly, most likely due to a heart attack, at age 40.

Zulevic, of Scottish and Croatian extraction, grew up in Chicago, where he graduated from St. Thomas More Grammar School, Brother Rice High School and Columbia College Chicago.
He went on to work a number of jobs, from underaged bouncer at Chicago's famed Exit club to a runner at the Board of Trade to support his acting habit. All the while he studied at The Second City, where he was taken under the wing of mentor Sheldon Patinkin. Before joining the Second City, he performed for a short time at Chicago's Improv Institute.

Zulevic joined The Second City comedy troupe in 1992. He starred in nine stage revues, including "Paradigm Lost" in 1997 with Tina Fey, Scott Adsit and Rachel Dratch. Zulevic created his most famous character of "Billy" at this time.

Zulevic wrote for the "Jamie Kennedy Experiment".
He appeared on "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "The Drew Carey Show", "Early Edition", "Prison Break", "Real Time with Bill Maher", "The Shield", and the final episode of the long-running series, "Seinfeld".

He also created commercials for the Fox Broadcasting Company in Chicago, where he was known for his quirky comments on reruns of "The Simpsons".

Zulevic appeared in "The Bogus Witch Project", "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover", "Let's Go to Prison", "Matchstick Men", "The Specials", and "Talent". He also directed a comedy short, "Baby Time Share", in 2005.

Zulevic hosted the weekly radio show "Second City Radio" on WCKG-FM, and taught improv classes at Columbia College Chicago and The Second City.
Jim was working on a project based on the July 1979 Disco Demolition Night at Comiskey Park at the time of his death.



</doc>
<doc id="3692830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3692830" title="Grayson McCouch">
Grayson McCouch

Grayson Jonathan McCouch (born October 29, 1968) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Dusty Donovan on the daytime soap opera "As the World Turns". He also starred as Don Masters on the Nick at Nite family drama "Hollywood Heights".

McCouch was born in New York City, the son of Rina (Plotnik), a musician, and Donald Grayson McCouch, a banker. His mother is Israeli and served in the Israeli army.

McCouch graduated from Kent School in Kent, Connecticut in 1987 and received his Bachelor of Arts Honors Degree in Theater from Hamilton College. He later studied at the British American Drama Academy through the Oxford-Yale program. He spent four seasons with the Williamstown Theater Festival where he performed in "Arturo UI", "The Visit", "Threepenny Opera", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Inherit the Wind" and "The Moon Stone". While in London, he performed in "Electra" at the Almeida Theater and "Women Beware Women" at the Royal Court.

McCouch got his start on television as Dr. Morgan Winthrop on "Another World" in 1993. After moving to Los Angeles, the actor starred as Sean Logan on "Legacy" (1998–99). He played Dr. Mitchell Grace on "All Souls" (April 2001 – August 2001). Other appearances include "Beverly Hills, 90210", "The Cosby Mysteries", and "The Agency". In 2003, McCouch landed the role as Dusty Donovan on "As the World Turns", a role for which he earned a Daytime Emmy nomination for in 2006 for the Supporting Actor category.

His film credits include an emotional turn as Gruber in "Armageddon" (1998) , "Airtight" (1999), and "Momentum" (2003). In 2014, McCouch portrayed the doomed Thomas Wayne in the pilot episode of "Gotham". He currently resides in New York City.


</doc>
<doc id="3693022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3693022" title="John J. York">
John J. York

John Joseph Robert York (born December 10, 1958) is an American actor. Although York has made appearances on such television shows as "Dynasty", "Family Ties", and "21 Jump Street", he is most recognizable for playing the role of Malcolm "Mac" Scorpio on the daytime soap opera "General Hospital".

York was born in Chicago, Illinois where he attended Brother Rice Christian Brothers High School. His second-longest running role (after "Dynasty") was as college student Eric Cord on the Fox network television series "Werewolf". He co-starred in the Nickelodeon made-for-TV film "Drake & Josh Go Hollywood", as well as co-starred in an episode of "Wizards of Waverly Place".


</doc>
<doc id="3693169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3693169" title="M'fundo Morrison">
M'fundo Morrison

Mfundo Morrison (born September 5, 1974 in Rome, Georgia) is an American actor, voice over artist and filmmaker. He portrayed Quartermaine family member Justus Ward on the multi Emmy award-winning hit show "General Hospital". He had a reoccurring role on the multi award-winning "Closer" playing FBI Agent Wayne Horlacher. He has starred in multiple films and theatre productions to critical acclaim. Morrison was voted "General Hospital"s sexiest male star, Ebony magazine hottest bachelor. He is also an Emmy nominated voice over artist. He started his own production company and has several projects in development, he also creates content for all media.he was star voice actor in a fiction zombie game “Into The Dead 2” where he starred as Ben from the night of the living dead.

Mfundo Morrison is the grandson of Nobel Laureate Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu.



</doc>
<doc id="3694298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3694298" title="Carter Jenkins">
Carter Jenkins

Carter Mark Jenkins (born September 4, 1991) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in the films "Aliens in the Attic" (2009), "Valentine's Day" (2010), and "Struck by Lightning" (2012). On television, Jenkins was part of the main cast of "Surface" (2005–06), "Viva Laughlin" (2007), and "Famous in Love" (2017–2018).

Jenkins was born in Tampa, Florida to Mary and Eric Jenkins, and was raised in Carrollwood, Florida, where he attended Independent Day School. His family later moved to Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles. He has an older brother, Renneker Jenkins, who is also an actor, and an older sister, Tiffany. Like his character in "Keeping Up with the Steins", Jenkins was raised Jewish, and attended Hebrew school.

Jenkins began performing in community theatre, and then on local and national commercials. He played lead roles in the television series "Surface" (2005–06) and "Viva Laughlin" (2007), and guest starred in episodes of "", "House", "", "Without a Trace", "The Bernie Mac Show", and "Unfabulous". He has also starred in feature films such as "Bad News Bears" and "Keeping Up with the Steins", and starred in the television film "Life Is Ruff".

In 2009, Jenkins appeared in the film "Aliens in the Attic", playing the lead role Tom Pearson. In 2010, he appeared in the romantic-comedy "Valentine's Day", playing Alex Franklin, the boyfriend of Emma Roberts' character. Jenkins had a supporting role in the 2012 coming-of-age comedy-drama "Struck by Lightning", which starred Chris Colfer, who also wrote the screenplay. In 2015, Jenkins portrayed one of the main roles in the supernatural thriller film "Nightlight". He starred as Rainer Devon on Freeform's "Famous in Love" from 2017 to 2018.



</doc>
<doc id="3695011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3695011" title="John Larch">
John Larch

John Larch (October 4, 1914 – October 16, 2005), also known as Harry Larch, was an American radio, film, and television actor.

The Massachusetts-born Larch served four years in the United States Army during World War II, an experience that left him troubled for years thereafter. In a 1965 interview with "The Berkshire Eagle", a newspaper in his home state, he shared his views on how military service had affected him personally, especially his difficulties in readjusting to "civilian life":What was my hangup then? Just about everything. I was looking for the four years I had lost in service. I was also looking for a rhyme or reason to the mass murders that took place. I was looking for the ideals I had once had. I was disgusted with the world — a world in which civilians acted as though there hadn't been a worldwide holocaust.

After his lead role in the radio serial "Captain Starr of Space" (1953–54), he entered films in 1954.

He usually appeared in Westerns ("How The West Was Won", 1962) and action films, including "Miracle of the White Stallions" as General George S. Patton Jr. (1963), the television film "Collision Course: Truman vs. MacArthur" as General Omar Bradley (1976), replacing James Gregory as Mac in the Matt Helm movie "The Wrecking Crew" (1969) starring Dean Martin, Sharon Tate and Elke Sommer. Larch appeared in two Clint Eastwood films, including "Dirty Harry" and "Play Misty for Me" (both 1971).

Larch had the role of Captain Ben Foster on the NBC series "Convoy" (1965-1966).

He guest-starred in "Jefferson Drum", "Johnny Ringo", "Riverboat", "Naked City" (three episodes), "Stoney Burke", "Route 66" (three episodes), "The Fugitive" (two episodes), "The Invaders", "The Restless Gun" (four episodes), "Gunsmoke" (seven episodes), "The Virginian" (four episodes, one of which was in 1970 as the Sheriff on "The Men From Shiloh" which was the rebranded name that year for "The Virginian"), "Bonanza", "The Man From U.N.C.L.E.", "Hawaii Five-0", "" (two episodes), "The Troubleshooters", "Bus Stop", "The Law and Mr. Jones","Bat Masterson" (5/27/59,S1 Ep30), "The Rifleman", "The Feather and Father Gang", "The Millionaire", and "three episodes of The Twilight Zone" "It's a Good Life", "Perchance to Dream". and "Dust". 
Rawhide Incident At Sugar Creek (1962) as Sam Garrett
He appeared in "Vegas$" Season 3, in the episode "Deadly Blessing". 

With his wife, Vivi Janiss, who was formerly married to Bob Cummings, Larch appeared on October 3, 1961, in the premiere episode "No Fat Cops" of Leslie Nielson's "The New Breed" on ABC. The two played a couple, John and Mary Clark. Earlier the two had co-starred on November 23, 1959, as Johnny and Elsie in the episode "End of an Era" of NBC's western series "Tales of Wells Fargo," starring Dale Robertson; and on May 23, 1960, as Isaiah and Rebecca Macabee in the episode "The Proud Earth" of the half-hour NBC anthology series "Goodyear Theatre". On November 9, 1960, Larch and Janiss appeared as Ben and Sarah Harness in the episode "The Cathy Eckhart Story" of NBC's "Wagon Train", with Susan Oliver in the starring role. Then on December 19, 1968, the couple appeared again together in the tenth episode "Yesterday Died and Tomorrow Won't Be Born" of Jack Lord's CBS crime drama "Hawaii Five-O".




</doc>
<doc id="3695938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3695938" title="Don &quot;Red&quot; Barry">
Don &quot;Red&quot; Barry

Donald Barry de Acosta (January 11, 1912 – July 17, 1980), born Donald Barry De Acosta, known as Red Barry, was an American film and television actor. He was nicknamed "Red" after appearing as the first Red Ryder in the highly successful 1940 film "Adventures of Red Ryder"; the character was played in later films by "Wild Bill" Elliott and Allan Lane. Barry went on to bigger budget films following "Red Ryder", but none reached his previous level of success. He played Red Doyle in the 1964 "Perry Mason" episode 'The Case of the Simple Simon'.

Barry was born in Houston, Texas. He attended Allen Academy and the Texas School of Mines. Prior to acting, Barry had been a high school and college football player. He went to Los Angeles, California, to work in advertising.

Barry's initial venture into acting was in a production of "Tobacco Road" on stage in New York in the late 1930s.

Barry first entered films as an extra and in small roles. He was discovered by John Wayne during a football game with Wayne providing Barry introductions to producers. He appeared in a variety of roles before he found his forte and nickname "Red" in the Republic Pictures serial "The Adventures of Red Ryder" (1940). Though Barry was short and stocky rather than the lean and lanky hero of the Red Ryder comic strip, studio Herbert J. Yates demanded Barry play the role. Yates thought Barry's appearance similar to James Cagney with Barry unsuccessfully asking Yates to cast him in gangster films. Barry continued in Western roles and made two war films "Remember Pearl Harbor" (1942) for Republic as well as being loaned out to 20th Century Fox for "The Purple Heart" (1944). He continued making Westerns for Republic and other studios.

By the 1950s, Barry was a supporting actor instead of playing leads in westerns. Early in 1955, he appeared as the bandit Milt Sharp in an episode of the syndicated series, "Stories of the Century", starring and narrated by Jim Davis.

Barry played "Clete" in the 1956 western film "Seven Men from Now," starring Randolph Scott. In 1958 he appeared (credited as Donald Barry) on the TV western "Cheyenne" in the episode "Dead to Rights." He guest starred as Tanner in the 1958 episode "Bullet Proof" of the ABC/Warner Brothers series "Sugarfoot", starring Will Hutchins; he was cast as Arkansas in the 1959 "Sugarfoot" episode "The Return of the Canary Kid". Barry appeared four times in the ABC/WB western "Colt .45". Barry was cast as black-clad gunfighter in a 1961 episode, "Last Stop: Oblivion", of the ABC/WB western series, "Maverick" with Jack Kelly and fellow guest star Buddy Ebsen. In 1961 Barry appeared as Dusty McCade in the TV western "Lawman" in the episode titled "Hassayampa."

Barry's voice in the television westerns sounded much like that of the character actor Dub Taylor. About this time, he also guest starred on two other ABC/WB dramas, "Bourbon Street Beat" and "The Roaring 20s". He appeared as well in the syndicated crime drama, "U.S. Marshal", starring John Bromfield, and the NBC education drama series, "Mr. Novak", starring James Franciscus.

Barry continued making Westerns as part of the ensemble casts of A.C. Lyles Paramount second feature Westerns in the mid 1960s.

In 1966, Barry played Confederate soldier "Lt. Farrow" in the Western film "Alvarez Kelly". Barry played a supporting role in the 1968 film, "Shalako", with Sean Connery.

Barry played supporting roles in dozens of television series, particularly westerns. He appeared eight times on the long-running NBC series, "The Virginian," in the 1960s. He appeared in six episodes of Michael Landon's "Little House on the Prairie" as farmer Judd Larrabee, and appeared in all-star TV miniseries, such as "Rich Man, Poor Man Book II" and "The Dream Merchants".

In addition to acting, Barry was also a writer, writing the stories upon which the films "Red Light" (1949) starring George Raft and Virginia Mayo, "Train to Tombstone" (1950), and "Convict Stage" (1965) were based, and co-writing the screenplay as well as directing and playing the leading role of Jesse James in "Jesse James' Women" (1954).

During the height of his "Red Ryder" fame, he married B-movie actress Peggy Stewart, they divorced on April 12, 1944.

On July 17, 1980, Barry shot himself in the head at his home, shortly after police had left the residence after investigating a domestic dispute. He was estranged at the time from his second wife, Barbara, with whom he had two daughters. He is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in the Hollywood Hills of Los Angeles.



</doc>
<doc id="3696011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3696011" title="Walter Reed (actor)">
Walter Reed (actor)

Walter Reed (born Walter Reed Smith, February 10, 1916 – August 20, 2001) was an American stage, film and television actor.

Reed was born in 1916 in Fort Ward, Washington. Following a stint as a Broadway actor, Reed broke into films in 1941. He appeared in several features for RKO Radio Pictures, including the last two "Mexican Spitfire" comedies (in which Reed replaced Buddy Rogers as the Spitfire's husband). Perhaps his most memorable role was as the spineless wagon driver husband of Gail Russell in the western "Seven Men from Now". Reed also appeared in the very first Superman theatrical feature film "Superman and the Mole Men" in 1951.

In 1951 Reed made two film serials for Republic Pictures; Reed strongly resembled former Republic leading man Ralph Byrd, enabling Republic to insert old action scenes of Byrd into the new Reed footage. Republic wanted to sign Reed for additional serials but Reed declined, preferring not to be typed as a serial star.

After appearing in 90 films and numerous television programs, such as John Payne's "The Restless Gun", Reed changed careers and became a real estate investor and broker in Santa Cruz, California in the late 1960s.



</doc>
<doc id="3696526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3696526" title="Michael Margotta">
Michael Margotta

Michael Margotta (born 1946, Pearl River, New York) is an American actor. 

Margotta appeared in the film that was Jack Nicholson's directorial debut, "Drive, He Said" (1971). In the year of its release, the film caused a stir because of Margotta appearing fully nude in a mental breakdown scene. Censors at the time attempted to give the film an X rating.

On television, Margotta appeared in a 1968 episode of, "I Dream of Jeannie" as a character named Harold in the episode, "The Guru" as a strung out hippie. Margotta also played a youthful Butch Cassidy, originally surnamed Parker, in the syndicated television series "Death Valley Days", hosted by Robert Taylor. In the story line, the 16-year-old Parker, rebellious against his father, Maxy Parker (Russ Conway) and his bishop, played by William Zucker, takes the name of a much older rustler acquaintance, Mike Cassidy (Tony Russel) and sets forth for Salt Lake City in search of riotous living. The episode aired the same year as the film "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid". 

Margotta was nominated for an Emmy for his appearance on "Kojak" in 1976. In the same year, he acted in the Canadian thriller film "Partners".



</doc>
<doc id="3700691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3700691" title="Royce D. Applegate">
Royce D. Applegate

Royce Dwayne Applegate (December 25, 1939 – January 1, 2003) was an American actor and screenwriter who was first billed as Roy Applegate.

Born in Midwest City, Oklahoma, his most visible role was that of Chief Petty Officer Manilow Crocker on the first season of the television series "seaQuest DSV". 

Applegate portrayed Deputy Crawford in "Stir Crazy" (1985). In that year, he also appeared in two episodes of "Diff'rent Strokes", playing family man-turned-kidnapper Donald Brown, a father who kidnaps character Sam McKinney in order to replace his own dead son.

Applegate portrayed Confederate General James L. Kemper in two films, "Gettysburg" (1993) and "Gods and Generals" (2003).

On New Year's Day 2003, Applegate died in his Hollywood Hills home in a fire just one week after his 63rd birthday.




</doc>
<doc id="3701431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3701431" title="Lenny Von Dohlen">
Lenny Von Dohlen

Lenny Von Dohlen (born December 22, 1958) is an American film, television and stage actor, known for his performance as architect Miles Harding in the film "Electric Dreams" and as the orchid-growing agoraphobic Harold Smith in the television series "Twin Peaks".

Von Dohlen was born in Augusta, Georgia, and raised in Goliad, a small town in south Texas. He has German ancestry from his paternal side. As a child he wished to become a jockey, but grew too tall for his dream. He studied Theater at University of Texas, and graduated from Loretto Heights College in Denver, Colorado. From there he moved to New York City to pursue a career on the stage.

Lenny Von Dohlen's film debut was in Academy Award-winning "Tender Mercies", starring Robert Duvall, written by Horton Foote and directed by Bruce Beresford in 1983. In 1984, Von Dohlen played the lead role in the cult film MGM/UA's "Electric Dreams". Other roles include: "Under the Biltmore Clock" (1985); "Dracula's Widow" (1987); "Blind Vision" (1992); "" (1992); "Jennifer 8" (1992); Ed Zwick's "Leaving Normal" (1992) and the title role in "Billy Galvin" (1986) opposite Karl Malden.

He played one of the villains in Twentieth Century Fox's "Home Alone 3" (1997). He has appeared in acclaimed independent films such as "Tollbooth" (1994), "Bird of Prey" (1996), "One Good Turn" (1996), "" (1996), "Cadillac" (1997) and "Frontline" (1997). In 2007, he appeared in "Beautiful Loser", playing the role of Reggie as an adult, and in "Teeth", a Sundance and Berlin Film Festival Dramatic Competition nominee. In 2010, he played Elder Daniel in "Downstream" and in the same year he played Sheriff Jack Carter in a short film called "Night Blind" (2010). In 2012/13, he was seen in "Camilla Dickinson" and "White Camellias". In 2015, Lenny Von Dohlen played the title role of legendary film director Oskar Knight in "Near Myth: The Oskar Knight Story".

Von Dohlen's first television role was in NBC's Emmy-award winning "Kent State" (1981). Others include "Don't Touch", directed by Beau Bridges; "The Equalizer"; "Tales From the Darkside"; "Miami Vice"; "thirtysomething" (1987); "The Lazarus Man" (playing John Wilkes Booth), "Picket Fences" (playing the gay brother of Marlee Matlin's character (1992)); as the diabolical Mr. Cox in a recurring role on "The Pretender" (1999); "Walker, Texas Ranger" (1996); and "Chicago Hope" (1999). He also appeared in the "Masterpiece Theatre" presentation of Eudora Welty's "The Ponder Heart" (2000) on PBS. In 2010, for its homage to "Twin Peaks", Von Dohlen appeared in USA Network's show "Psych" in the episode "Dual Spires", playing Sheriff Andrew Jackson joining a cast reunion including Sheryl Lee. In 2017, he appeared in the Episode 12 of Seth McFarlane's futuristic sci-fi Fox series, "The Orville", as the priest Valondis (aired 12/8/2017).

In 1992, he also played a government agent of a future fascist state in the BBC's "Red Dwarf" series V, episode 6, "Back to Reality".

In the theater, Von Dohlen has created roles in the New York productions of "Asian Shade", "The Team", "Twister", "Vanishing Act", and "The Maderati", the latter two by Richard Greenberg. For nine months he starred in Caryl Churchill's play, "Cloud ", directed by Tommy Tune, followed by The Roundabout Theatre Company's revival of "Desire Under the Elms", opposite Kathy Baker. He has starred in "Hamlet", "Romeo and Juliet", Joe Orton's "Loot", "Legacy of Light" at Cleveland Play House, and in "Doubt" at the Indiana Repertory Theatre. On the West Coast, Von Dohlen has been seen in Wedekind's "Lulu" at the La Jolla Playhouse, and "The Blue Room " at the Pasadena Playhouse, "Theater District" at the Black Dahlia Theater. In Pasadena at The Theater @ Boston Court, Von Dohlen both originated the role of the famous literary personality Voltaire in the world premiere of Jean Claude van Italli's "Light" and played Don Quixote in Tennessee Williams's "Camino Real". Most recently at GTC, he played Elyot Chase in Noël Coward's "Private Lives".

Von Dohlen has a daughter named Hazel from his wife's previous relationship, born on August 9, 2000.

1. "Desire under the Elms" 1984 review<br>
2. WRAPPED IN PLASTIC, issue 62, December 2002 interview w/ Lenny von Dohlen<br>
3. Review on Camino Real, BACKSTAGE, February 17, 2011



</doc>
<doc id="3701776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3701776" title="Peter Ivers">
Peter Ivers

Peter Scott Ivers (September 20, 1946 – March 3, 1983) was an American musician, songwriter and television personality. He was the host of the experimental music television show "New Wave Theatre". Despite Ivers never having achieved mainstream success, biographer Josh Frank has described him as being connected by "a second degree to every major pop culture event of the last 30 years."

Ivers' primary instrument was the harmonica, and at a concert in 1968, Muddy Waters referred to him as "the greatest harp player alive." Ivers was signed by Van Dyke Parks and Lenny Waronker to a $100,000 contract as a solo artist with Warner Bros. Records in the early 1970s; his albums "Terminal Love" and "Peter Ivers" were commercial flops, but would eventually come to be well-regarded by music journalists. He made his live debut opening for The New York Dolls, and would share concert bills with such notable acts as Fleetwood Mac and John Cale.

Ivers scored the 1977 David Lynch film "Eraserhead", and also contributed both songwriting and vocals to the piece "In Heaven (Lady in the Radiator Song)". Later in his career, he wrote songs that were recorded by Diana Ross and The Pointer Sisters. Ivers was murdered in 1983 under mysterious circumstances, and the crime remains unsolved. Following the publication of a 2008 biography on Ivers, the LAPD re-opened the investigation into his death.

Peter Ivers was born in Illinois on September 20, 1946, and spent the first two years of his life in Chicago. His mother Merle Rose was a homemaker; his father Jordan Rose was a physician, and became ill with lung cancer when Peter was two years old. Shortly after Jordan was diagnosed, the family relocated to Arizona in an attempt to help him recover. However, his health declined, and Jordan died in 1949.

Merle quickly remarried to Paul Isenstein, a businessman from the Boston area. She didn't care for his last name, and picked the last name "Ivers" out of the phone book as her new married name (Paul also took the last name, in an attempt to win her affection). Merle was a free spirit and doting mother, who exposed young Peter to a wide variety of music.

From about age four, Peter was raised in Brookline, a suburb of Boston. He attended the Roxbury Latin School and then Harvard University, majoring in classical languages, but chose a career in music. He started playing harmonica with the Boston-based band Street Choir. He embarked on a solo career in 1969 with the Epic release of his debut, "Knight of the Blue Communion" (also featuring Sri Lankan jazz diva Yolande Bavan).

In 1971 Ivers replaced Yolande with Asha Puthli on "Take It Out On Me", his second album for Epic. The single from this second album, a cover of the Marvin Gaye number, "Ain't That Peculiar", backed by Ivers' original, "Clarence O' Day", was released and briefly entered the Top 100 Singles Billboard charts but the album was shelved by Epic (only finally seeing the light of day in 2009). Subsequently, Peter signed with Warner Bros. Records, where he recorded two more albums.

In 1971 and 1972, WNET and WGBH presented "Jesus, A Passion Play for Americans", a play produced by Timothy Mayer. The music and lyrics were Ivers' from "Knight of the Blue Communion." Other important roles were played by Andreas Teuber, Asha Puthli, Steve Kaplan and Laura Esterman. The work was broadcast as part of the WNET "American Playhouse" series. As a rock retelling of the story of Jesus, the work was a precursor to well-known examples of that genre, such as "Godspell" and "Jesus Christ Superstar".

In 1975, Ivers wrote the lyrics to the only compositions on the film with vocals. Namely, these were; "Dawn: Eagle Call / The World Is Golden Too", "Noon: Rise Up Call / Wings / Blues Anthem" and "Night: Night Angels / She Won't Let Go". All were sung by Jim Connor.

In 1976, Ivers was asked by David Lynch to write a song for his movie, "Eraserhead". Ivers penned "In Heaven (The Lady in the Radiator Song)", which became the most well-known composition from the film. He also scored the Ron Howard film "Grand Theft Auto" the following year. In 1979 he scored the fifth episode of the first season of "B.J. and the Bear".

In 1977, Ivers produced a synth-pop/disco album for Roderick Falconer titled "Victory in Rock City".

Ivers' best friend was Harvard classmate Douglas Kenney, founder of the "National Lampoon". Ivers played "Beautiful Dreamer" on the harmonica at Kenney's funeral. Ivers was also a close friend of comedian John Belushi, who likewise preceded him in death.

In 1981, Ivers produced the "Circus Mort" EP featuring Swans front man Michael Gira and avant-garde drummer Jonathan Kane. 1981 also found Ivers tapped by David Jove to host "New Wave Theatre" on Los Angeles TV station KSCI which was shown irregularly as part of the weekend program "Night Flight" on the fledgling USA Network. The program was a frantic cacophony of music, theater and comedy, lorded over by Ivers with his manic presentation. Using a method of filming known as "live taped", the show was the first opportunity for many alternative musicians to receive nationwide exposure. Notable bands who appeared on the show included The Angry Samoans, Dead Kennedys, 45 Grave, Fear, Suburban Lawns and The Plugz.

Also in 1981 Ivers experienced commercial success having written a song with John Lewis Parker that became an R&B top ten hit for Phyllis Hyman called "Can't We Fall in Love Again?" Ivers formed a songwriting team with Franne Golde, and several of their compositions were picked up by successful artists, like "Little Boy Sweet" recorded by The Pointer Sisters, "All We Really Need" recorded by Marty Balin, "Let's Go Up" recorded by Diana Ross and "Louisiana Sunday Afternoon" and "Give Me Your Heart Tonight"; both recorded by Kimiko Kasai. Ivers also appears in the film "Jekyll and Hyde...Together Again" (1982) performing his song "Wham It" and had another composition "Light Up My Body" featured in the soundtrack.

In 1983, he performed on the Antilles Records release "Swingrass '83".

Ivers dated film executive Lucy Fisher for many years. Fisher would later become a vice president at Warner Bros., supervising films like "Men in Black" and "Jerry Maguire".

On March 3, 1983, Peter Ivers was found bludgeoned to death with a hammer in his Los Angeles loft space apartment. The murderer was never identified.

In the hours following his death, the LAPD officers sent to Ivers' house failed to secure the scene, allowing many of Ivers' friends and acquaintances to traffic through the loft space. The scene was contaminated, and officers even allowed David Jove to leave with the blood-stained blankets from Ivers' bed. Harold Ramis was briefly considered a suspect in the murder (due to Ivers' close relationship with Harold's wife Ann), but was quickly cleared after he was able to establish an alibi.

Several of Ivers friends told biographer Josh Frank that they suspected David Jove, with whom the musician had a sometimes contentious relationship. Harold Ramis noted, "As I grew to know David a little better, it just accumulated, all the clues and evidence just made me think he was capable of anything. I couldn't say with certainty that he'd done anything, but of all the people I knew, he was the one person I couldn't rule out." However, Derf Scratch (of the band Fear) and several other members of the Los Angeles punk and New Wave scene have maintained Jove's innocence.

About five weeks after the murder, Lucy Fisher paid for a private investigator named David Charbonneau to investigate the crime. Charbonneau interviewed a number of people who knew Ivers, but due to the botched initial investigation, lack of evidence and lack of witnesses, the renewed investigation came to nothing. Charbonneau stated: "I do not believe it was a break-in. I do not believe it was just someone off the street that Peter brought in because he was a nice guy that night and fell asleep trusting them. I'm not buying it."

Shortly after Ivers' death, Lucy Fisher helped establish the Peter Ivers Visiting Artist Program at Harvard in the artist's memory.

Josh Frank and Charlie Buckholtz wrote a book about Ivers' life, art and mysterious death, "In Heaven Everything Is Fine: The Unsolved Life of Peter Ivers and the Lost History of New Wave Theatre", published by Simon & Schuster in 2008. On the basis of new information unearthed during the creation of the book, the Los Angeles Police Department's cold case department reopened their investigation into Ivers' death.

In 2013, "The Guardian" named "Terminal Love" in their "101 Strangest Albums on Spotify" series. The newspaper noted that 30 years on, "Ivers' oddball leanings sound entirely contemporary. Those same arrangements that seemed so off-putting in 1974 feel rich and comfortable now, and the passing of time has leant "Terminal Love" a delicious hipster twang it couldn't possibly have enjoyed as a new release." In a 2010 piece for "NME", Danger Mouse listed "Terminal Love" as one of his favorite "underrated records."





</doc>
<doc id="3705404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3705404" title="Eddie Lawrence">
Eddie Lawrence

Eddie Lawrence (born Lawrence Eisler; March 2, 1919 – March 25, 2014) was an American monologist, actor, singer, lyricist, playwright, artist, director and television personality, whose comic creation, the Old Philosopher, gained him a devoted cult following for over five decades.

Born Lawrence Eisler in Brooklyn, New York, he began performing at the end of the Depression 1930s. Soon out of his teens, he gained a minor reputation as an original comic/raconteur who performed bizarre elocution of whimsical free verse in little clubs in the New York area as well as on the "borscht belt" circuit in the Catskills. His first confirmed radio broadcast was on "Major Bowes Amateur Hour" in 1943, where he did World War II-themed comic impressions of Charles Boyer, Ronald Colman, Roland Young and Clem McCarthy. A preserved audio transcript of his performance was one of the selections included 16 years later on the 1959 LP "Original Amateur Hour 25th Anniversary Album" (UA UXL 2). On the recording, Major Bowes is heard inviting "Larry" to come out of the audience and tell us all he knows. 

By the early 1950s, now known as Eddie Lawrence, he continued to appear in lesser clubs, honing his comic timing, while taking bit parts in the numerous live television productions then prevalent in New York. His first major stage role was in the second revival of "The Threepenny Opera", which opened at the Off-Broadway Theater deLys on September 30, 1955 (an earlier production, without him, lasted for 96 performances in March–May 1954). A member of the original cast, Lawrence sang the role of Macheath's henchman, Crook-Finger Jack. The second deLys incarnation was more successful, running over six years, for a total of 2611 performances and finally closing on December 17, 1961. However, Lawrence stayed with it less than a year while working on the monologue which was to make his name.

In September 1956, a single titled "The Old Philosopher" rose to the Billboard Top 40 chart, a rare distinction for a comedy record by a little-known performer. It turned out to be a one-hit wonder for Eddie Lawrence, and paved the way for his long comedy career. In a four-minute routine, a crotchety, ridiculous-sounding character recounts a litany of nonsensical calamities.

Speaking in a comically downtrodden, empathetic voice, and accompanied by an accordion rendition of "Beautiful Dreamer", he begins "Hi ya Folks", followed by "You say you lost your job today...", and then a litany of improbable nonsensical disasters like "ya say your wife went out for a corned beef sandwich last weekend, the corned beef sandwich came back but she didn't", "Your daughter's goin' out with a convict" and "Your wife just confessed she gave your last 60 dollars as a deposit on an airplane hangar" or "you say you can't pull your car outa the mud and you're in the middle of nowhere and it's pouring rain and you can't get the top back up, and you're paycheck's all blurred, and you're foot went right through the gas and your girl's screaming bloody murder she's scared of the dark, and a stroke of lightning splits your motor in half and your suit's shrinkin up fast, and you start up the windy road on foot and 60 yards of barbed wire hits you right smack in the puss, and you both fall down in the mud and then a wild animal comes over and runs away with your shoes, and your car blows up suddenly and you're windshield wiper ends up in your mouth, and you can't move and the mud's rising up to your nostrils and you're sinkin fast, and you don't hear your girl screaming any more" - a pause as the background music retires, and Eddie asks plaintively, "Is that what's troubling you, friend?"

Suddenly, cymbals crash and a brassy rendition of "National Emblem" plays as Eddie declaims in full voice,

The success of the single made Eddie Lawrence a minor celebrity and helped the sales of his two previously released LPs. The initial one, "The Garden of Eddie Lawrence" (Signature SM 1003) did not make much of an impact on its original release in early 1955. It contained three comic interviews with personalities introduced as "Kiddie Star", "Wolfgang Birdwatcher" and "Fleming of the Yard", a set of brief blackout gags, a long, whimsically strange routine about plucking chickens, and three monologues delivered by the as-yet-unnamed, Old Philosopher-like character. The second LP, released in mid-1956, finally gave him the name of the title — "The Old Philosopher" (Coral 57103). It was the first of Lawrence's five LPs for Coral Records and proved so successful that the company realized the profitability of issuance of the title routine as a single ("King Arthur's Mines," another track from the LP was on the flip side). Years later, the original "Old Philosopher" routine would be included on the compilation record, "25 Years of Recorded Comedy" (Warner Bros. Records 3BX 3131)

While writing the routines for a follow-up album, he was rehearsing for his first full-fledged Broadway show. "Bells Are Ringing", a new musical by Jule Styne, Betty Comden and Adolph Green, which opened at the Shubert Theatre on November 29, 1956 with Judy Holliday in the lead. In the supporting cast for most of its run, Eddie Lawrence played Sandor, with the role preserved for posterity on the original cast album (Columbia OL 5170). Closing night, more than two years and 924 performances later, was March 7, 1959.

The second Coral LP, "The Side-Splitting Personality of Eddie Lawrence" (CRL 57371) came out in 1957. It contained only one "Old Philosopher" track, but the other routines were the usual bizarre mix that pleased his fans. Especially deft were the parodies of "The Untouchables" ("The Unbreakables") and "Casablanca" ("Play the Music, Sol"), with an inspired impression of Peter Lorre. There were two "Old Philosopher" tracks on "The Kingdom of Eddie Lawrence" (Coral 57203), his next LP, which came out just before Christmas. Taking note of the season, one of the other tracks, "That Holiday Spirit" was a bizarre routine with a character whom listeners may judge to be a combination of "The Old Philosopher" and Ebenezer Scrooge, denouncing Christmas and various other holidays, including Halloween, while an annoyed, Wally Cox-like, voice is heard piping up occasionally with "... will you shut up?". The album cover depicts Eddie sitting in a throne-like chair, wearing what appears to be a white bathrobe and a Prince Valiant wig held by a metallic ring shaped like the base of a crown, while gazing sideways with an exasperatedly worried expression on his face.

1959 saw the release of "Eddie the Old Philosopher" (Coral 57155) which contained four "Old Philosopher" routines as well as "Memories of Louise" in which a sentimental Eddie remembers his boyhood love — "" ... who could predict then that from a little fibber you'd grow into a dangerous paranoid liar? ... ah, the way you used to stick your finger in my eye ... "" Another well-remembered routine, "Television Highlights" was a series of parodies which sent up popular television commercials of the era. 1987–1992 saw the return of his role on "Square One TV". His format remained the same, except for the fact that his litany talks about math. Whenever he said "Well, lift your head up high!", show lights flash, spotlights go out of control, and balloons and confetti fell on him.

Lawrence also did a Christmas version of the "Old Philosopher" routine.

In 1960 he began a six-year association with Paramount's cartoon subsidiary Famous Studios, providing the voices for thirteen animated shorts, starting with "Scouting for Trouble". He also wrote the stories for most of them, including a seven-film series about two characters named Swifty and Shorty whom he used to recreate a number of his routines, such as "Panhandling on Madison Avenue" and "Fix That Clock" (both 1964). Ultimately, however, defining changes in the financing and distribution of mass-produced short subjects, meant that neither Eddie Lawrence nor another creative talent at the studio, Ralph Bakshi could stave off the demise of the theatrical cartoon, as Famous Studios closed its doors in 1967. Eddie Lawrence's final gift for the studio was the Swifty and Shorty vehicle, "Les Boys", released in January 1966. In 1994, he appeared in two episodes of "Garfield and Friends" as The Feline Philosopher, a parody of the Old Philosopher. Lawrence recorded his dialogue for "Garfield and Friends" at one of the studios where he recorded for Paramount.

All of the films, except one, clocked in at 7 minutes. The extended-length title was among the earliest, "Abner the Baseball", a 16-minute special seen in November 1961, based upon a tale which was among the tracks on "The Kingdom of Eddie Lawrence" LP. It is a first-person account by an anthropomorphized baseball describing its experience of being hit out of Briggs Stadium by Mickey Mantle in a September 10, 1960 home run against the Detroit Tigers. Bizarre whimsy, as usual, was the order of the day.

It was also in evidence in 1963's "7 Characters in Search of Eddie Lawrence" (Coral 57411), his fifth and final Coral LP. It had three new "Old Philosopher" routines, including "The Lawyer's Philosopher" — "Hey there, Mouthpiece. You say you represent a man for jaywalking and they hang him? ... Is that what's marrin' your day, Darrow? Well, lift your head up "high" and "sway" that jury in a high baritone voice ... remember — if crime didn't pay, you'd be out of work!"

Concurrent with his work on the Famous Studios cartoons, for a 13-month period from September 1963 to October 1964, baby boomers who lived within reach of New York City's television stations, also had the opportunity to see Eddie Lawrence Monday through Friday afternoons on independent station WPIX Channel 11 which, along with another New York independent, WNEW Channel 5 was, during the 1950s and 1960s, the station with the greatest number of "kiddie shows" on its broadcast schedule. The management of WPIX realized that Lawrence's monologues were very popular with adolescent boys who were the core audience for The Three Stooges two-reelers shown, at the time, nationwide by television stations which considered them children's programming. Long-time WPIX children's favorite "Officer" Joe Bolton relinquished his "Three Stooges" post in favor of hosting Dick Tracy cartoons and Eddie Lawrence was invited to step in as the half-hour program's host. His daily recitations of "Old Philosopher" monologues and other comedy routines, most of which were only tested on the show and never committed to record, built him a faithful and dedicated audience and made him a cult figure.

The hosting stint, however, came to a premature end because of another Broadway show. Lawrence had written the book and lyrics for a musical entitled "Kelly". Moose Charlap was the composer, Herbert Ross the director and choreographer, and David Susskind and Joseph E. Levine the producers. With such high-powered names at the helm, there was high expectation of success and Eddie Lawrence, the show's author, was expected to assure it by attending all the rehearsals. The first preview was set for February 1, 1965 and opening night for February 6. At the end of October 1964, he hosted his final "Three Stooges show", said goodbye to his loyal viewers, and exited, trailing a banner across the television screen, emblazoned with the word "KELLY".

"Kelly" became embroiled in controversy when producers Susskind and Levine began to demand extensive changes during rehearsals and out-of-town tryouts. While originally signing onto Lawrence's and Charlap's edgy concept of a darkly comic musical about corruption in old New York, they soon panicked over its perceived lack of commercial appeal, despite some good reviews on the road, and hired new writers in spite of the authors' objections. By the time "Kelly"'s February 6 opening night at the Broadhurst Theatre also turned out to be its closing night, it was an entirely different show. Lawrence and Charlap subsequently brought a lawsuit charging Susskind and Levine with violation of the Dramatists Guild's clauses protecting the rights of creative artists and, ultimately, settling the case out of court for an undisclosed amount.

One lasting legacy from "Kelly" has been the song "I'll Never Go There Anymore", recorded by many artists over the years. Stephen Sondheim cited it in a 2000 article in "The New York Times" as one of the songs "I wish I had written". Eddie Lawrence was not an actor in "Kelly" and there was no original cast album, but he was popular enough at the time to warrant a recording of comic material and songs from the show, all performed by himself and Charlap (Original Cast Records OC 8025). A new studio recording of the complete score (Original Cast Records ASIN:B00000DGNP) was issued on CD in 1998, featuring the 79-year-old Eddie along with Brian D'Arcy James, Sally Mayes, George S. Irving, John Schuck, Marge Redmond, Jane Connell and Sandy Stewart, who was married to Moose Charlap from 1962 until his death in 1974.

A few months after the "Kelly" disappointment, one last LP appeared, "Is That What's Bothering You Bunkie" (Epic LN 24159). Taking its title from "The Old Philosopher"'s catchphrase, "Bunkie" contained five new "Old Philosopher" monologues and six other routines.

Eddie Lawrence continued to perform in clubs and, in 1967, joined the cast of yet another Broadway musical, "Sherry!", nicknamed for Sheridan Whiteside, the acerbic literary wit and radio personality created by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart as the title character in "The Man Who Came to Dinner". Whiteside, a comically exaggerated representation of Kaufman and Hart's friend, Alexander Woollcott, was performed by Clive Revill, while Eddie's role was that of Banjo, a send-up of Woollcott's sidekick, Harpo Marx. "Sherry!" opened at the Alvin Theater on March 28, 1967 and closed on May 27, having played 72 performances plus 14 previews. No cast album was recorded and the score and orchestrations were lost. All that remained were the book and lyrics written by James Lipton who gained celebrity twenty-seven years later, in 1994, as the creator and host of the long-running actor-interview series "Inside the Actors Studio". The music was eventually found in 1999, and a 2004 studio cast album was recorded with stars including Nathan Lane, Carol Burnett, Bernadette Peters and Tommy Tune.

Eddie Lawrence's film appearances were, at best, an afterthought to his other activities. Between 1968 and 1978, he had small roles in five features, starting with William Friedkin's 1968 recreation of 1920 New York City, "The Night They Raided Minsky's". Lawrence was hired when Bert Lahr died midway through the filming schedule of this Norman Lear-produced tribute to the early days of burlesque. Twelfth-billed as Scratch, a baggy-pants comic, Eddie performed the "Crazy House" burlesque routine originally scripted for Lahr: Eddie Lawrence is heard calling for the nurse in Lahr's distinctive Brooklyn accent ("Noice! Noice!"). Three years later, Eddie had a couple of fleeting moments as a Bowery derelict in visionary director Ernest Pintoff's little-seen noir-like oddity "Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name?", filmed on the streets of New York in 1971.

On February 22, 1971, Eddie appeared as a guest on Johnny Carson's "Tonight Show" (which, until May 1972, was based in New York), performing a five-minute "Old Philosopher" routine at the end of which Carson was laughing loudly and repeating some of its lines and, in 1974, he was heard as the announcer on a television advertisement for John Lennon and Harry Nilsson's album, "Pussy Cats", which also included contributions by Ringo Starr and Keith Moon.

Eddie Lawrence's remaining three films were "Blade" (1973), "The Wild Party" (1975) and "Somebody Killed Her Husband" (1978). "Blade" reunited him with director Ernest Pintoff, an auteur whose original New York City-based films were considered to have little commercial appeal. The film follows a tough cop named Tommy Blade (John Marley) as he searches for a sadistic serial killer. Eddie has a memorable, though brief scene as a movie producer questioned by Blade. "Party" was Eddie's sole performing venture in California. In this Merchant–Ivory production which fictionalized the Fatty Arbuckle scandal, Eddie, made-up to resemble an approximation of Louis B. Mayer, played a grimacing movie mogul attending the titular event thrown by Jolly Grimm, the Fatty character, played by James Coco. The film was praised for its period feel, but received otherwise mixed notices and suffered botched editing and other mishandling by the distributor. Finally, "Her Husband", filmed in New York by the director of a number of "The Twilight Zone" episodes, Lamont Johnson, with a screenplay by "The Defenders" creator Reginald Rose, had Eddie in a semi-comical bit as a neighbor of the titular "her" (Farrah Fawcett-Majors). Despite the creative talents involved, this initial starring vehicle for the most-publicized of "Charlie's Angels" got generally dismissive reviews, engendering its widely repeated disparagement, "Somebody Killed Her Career".

Fourteen years after "Sherry!", Eddie Lawrence had one final encounter with Broadway. At the age of 62, he was again the writer and, in his sole such outing, director of a Broadway show. The comedy "Animals" consisted of three one-act plays, "The Beautiful Mariposa", "Louie and the Elephant" and "Sort of an Adventure". The first of nine previews at the Princess Theater was on April 14, 1981. Like "Kelly", "Animals" closed on its opening night, April 22. There was no cast album.

Thirteen years later and thirty years after "Bunkie", his 1964 Epic release, the 75-year-old Eddie Lawrence had his first new album. 1994's "The Jazzy Old Philosopher" (Red Dragon JK 57756) showed that the veteran monologist had not lost his unique touch. The CD consisted of 58 minutes of the traditional and the new, with names such as Mick Jagger, Axl Rose, Boy George and Sinéad O'Connor dropped into the routines — "You say your grandpa's in the hospital again because he tried to make a citizen's arrest of Mick Jagger? Is that what's got you down in the dumps, homeboy?" He died in Manhattan on March 25, 2014, twenty-three days after his 95th birthday.





</doc>
<doc id="3709625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3709625" title="Kirk Thornton">
Kirk Thornton

Kirk Thornton (born May 13, 1956) is an American voice actor, director and script writer working mainly with English-language versions of Japanese anime shows. His major roles include Brandon Heat in "Gungrave", Hotohori in "Fushigi Yūgi", Jin in "Samurai Champloo", Hajime Saito in "Rurouni Kenshin", Jet Link in "Cyborg 009", Don Patch in "Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo", Ensign Nogami in "The Cockpit", and numerous Digimon. Additionally, Thornton co-directed for the popular anime series "Bleach" alongside Wendee Lee, and also serves as the narrator. In video games, he voices Number VII Organization XIII member Saïx in the "Kingdom Hearts" series and Shadow the Hedgehog and Orbot in the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series.



</doc>
<doc id="3712875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3712875" title="Joe Quinn (actor)">
Joe Quinn (actor)

Dennis Joe Quinn (March 12, 1917–February 2, 1971) was a U.S. actor who appeared in "Pretty Maids All in a Row" as a Board Member and "The Strawberry Statement as Professor." He also appeared on the television shows "Dragnet", "The Walter Winchell File" 1957 episode "The Law and Aaron Benjamin" and "Perry Mason". He died of emphysema on May 20, 1974.



</doc>
<doc id="3714597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3714597" title="Lucas Grabeel">
Lucas Grabeel

Lucas Stephen Grabeel ( ; born November 23, 1984) is an American actor, film producer, singer, and songwriter. He is best known for roles such as Ryan Evans in the "High School Musical" film series, as Ezra Chase in "The Adventures of Food Boy" (2008) and as Ethan Dalloway in the third and fourth installments of the "Halloweentown" series: "Halloweentown High" (2004) and "Return to Halloweentown" (2006). He also appeared as a young Lex Luthor and Conner Kent in the television series "Smallville". 

Grabeel played Toby Kennish in the ABC Family/Freeform drama "Switched at Birth". He also provided the voice of Deputy Peck in the Disney Junior TV series "Sheriff Callie's Wild West".

Grabeel was born in Springfield, Missouri on November 23, 1984, the son of Jean (née Harman) and Stephen Grabeel. Before transferring to and graduating from Kickapoo High School in Springfield in 2003, he attended Logan-Rogersville Elementary, Middle and High School. He also played drums for a local church and initiated a men's a cappella singing group at Kickapoo called No Treble. At school, he found passions in the guitar and the accordion while also enjoying dance. While in Rogersville, Missouri, he regularly attended Harmony Baptist Church, where he was a part of the children's and youth groups.

In 2004, he starred in his first film role as Ethan Dolloway in the third installment of the Halloweentown series "Halloweentown High". He subsequently reprised this role in the series' fourth installment "Return to Halloweentown". Grabeel has made television guest appearances in TV series such as "Boston Legal", "'Til Death", and "Veronica Mars". On "Smallville", he portrayed a young Lex Luthor. In 2006, he was cast in the role of Ryan Evans, the fraternal twin brother of Sharpay Evans (played by Ashley Tisdale), in the Emmy Award-winning made-for-television Disney movie "High School Musical". He reprised his role in the television sequels "High School Musical 2" and "". In 2007, he joined co-stars Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley Tisdale, Corbin Bleu and Monique Coleman on the 51-date "". In early 2009, "Billboard" believed that Grabeel and Tisdale's track "I Want It All" should be nominated for an Oscar in the Best Original Song category however, the song did not make the final shortlist. During his time in High School Musical, Grabeel (along with his co-stars) had a total of six tracks chart in the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Furthermore, he was the first artist to debut in the Billboard Hot 100 with two simultaneous new entries in one week. While with Disney Channel, Grabeel also participated in the first ever Disney Channel Games and co-captained the green team along with Ashley Tisdale, Mitchel Musso, Miley Cyrus, Emily Osment and Kyle Massey. A year later, he returned to repeat his captaincy of the green team with Dylan Sprouse, Miley Cyrus, Monique Coleman and Brandon Baker. Other film projects Grabeel was involved with include the animated film, "At Jesus' Side", where he voiced a dog named Jericho. He also filmed the independent film, "Alice Upside Down", as the character of Lester McKinley, based on the "Alice book series" by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor. Aside his involvement in the "High School Musical" soundtracks, Grabeel has recorded a song called "You Know I Will" for the soundtrack of "The Fox and the Hound 2" and also recorded his own version of the Michael Bolton track "Go the Distance", from Disney's "Hercules", for DisneyMania 5. 

In 2007, Grabeel co-wrote and recorded a song called "You Got It" which was released in the iTunes Store on August 19, 2007 while its accompanying music video was released on his official website. Grabeel also recorded another original song called "Trash Talkin'" which was released November 15, 2008 on YouTube. In 2008, he also appeared in the movie "Milk", a biopic about the slain gay rights activist Harvey Milk. Grabeel played a friend and supporter of Milk, photographer Danny Nicoletta. He also appeared in the 2008 Walt Disney Pictures film "College Road Trip" as Scooter, which features other Disney stars Raven-Symoné, Brenda Song and Margo Harshman. He also stars in the independent movie "Lock and Roll Forever" alongside Oreskaband. Grabeel also guest starred in an episode of The Cleveland Show.

Early in 2009, Grabeel was voted "Most Likely to Do Big Things in 2009" by MTV and had an exclusive interview with them. He mentions the release of another music video for his track "Get Your Ass On". He also mentioned his latest movie project, "The Legend of the Dancing Ninja", where he played the lead Tokyo Jones alongside David Hasselhoff. In May 2009 he portrayed the role on stage of Matt in the Harvey Schmidt and Tom Jones musical, "The Fantasticks" with Eric McCormack and Harry Groener at UCLA's Freud Playhouse. Grabeel also sings in the iTunes show "I Kissed a Vampire", in which, he stars. In early 2009, he appeared at the Southland Theatre Artists Goodwill Event (S.T.A.G.E.), an AIDS charity event, in Beverly Hills performing George and Ira Gershwin's "I Can't Be Bothered Now". He also recorded and released a new track titled '135n8' in early 2014 with the music video being uploaded to his YouTube account.

In 2011 he appeared in the 10th season of "Smallville" as Alexander Luthor / Connor Kent, a hybrid clone with Lex Luthor and Clark Kent's DNA. In 2007, he filmed the movie, "The Adventures of Food Boy" with Brittany Curran, as the lead, Ezra Chase. Since the summer of 2011, Grabeel has been starring in the ABC Family drama "Switched at Birth", in which he plays the brother of one of the two girls that were mistakenly switched at birth in the hospital. In March 2012, "I Kissed A Vampire" was released in the US, where Lucas stars alongside Drew Seeley and Adrian Slade. In January 2014 he provided his first-ever voice over role for an animated series, Deputy Peck on "Sheriff Callie's Wild West". He has also played the character of Gustav in "Dragons: Defenders of Berk". In 2019, Grabeel appeared in "" as himself.

In 2007, Grabeel founded a production company called "14341 Productions". His role within involves overseeing many projects from writing, directing and executive producing. The company has produced projects such as the short films "The Real Son", "Smoke Break"; the music videos for "Get Your Ass On" and "You Got It". They produced a television pilot called "Regarding Beauregard" which was Grabeel's directorial debut. They also created a 17-minute short film, "Chuckle Boy", as well as a short film called "The Dragon" in 2009. Their work debuted at the 2009 "Sundance Film Festival".


</doc>
<doc id="3721005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3721005" title="Ho-Sung Pak">
Ho-Sung Pak

Ho-Sung Pak (born November 8, 1967) is a Korean-American film actor, martial artist, action choreographer, writer, and producer.

Pak, a Korean American, was born in Chicago, Illinois. He played lead character Liu Kang in the first "Mortal Kombat" and "Mortal Kombat II", as well as the original elderly version of Shang Tsung in the first game. He was a stunt coordinator for the movie "" as well as a stunt double for Raphael; he later reprised his role of stunt double in the movie "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III".

Pak, along with other actors from the first two "Mortal Kombat" games, refused to appear in "Mortal Kombat 3" due to a royalty dispute with developer Midway over the use of their likenesses across various console versions of the first two games, resulting in the casting of new actors for some of the returning characters. In 1995, Pak and fellow "Mortal Kombat" actors Daniel Pesina, Katalin Zamiar, and Dr. Phillip Ahn, M.D. lent their likenesses to a fighting game produced exclusively for the Atari Jaguar titled "Thea Realm Fighters", but it was cancelled after Atari discontinued the failed system later that year.

In 2002, he played the leading role in the martial arts movie "Book of Swords". In it he portrayed Lang, an Asian cop who after witnessing the death of his brother during a drug bust gone wrong, leaves town only to come back three years later for revenge. The movie also starred MK actors Daniel Pesina, Katalin Zamiar and Richard Divizio. In a nod to his Mortal Kombat alter ego Liu Kang, Pak is shown wearing a red headband during the final part of the movie, while the other three actors are also seen in similar MK clothing/roles throughout the movie.

In 2004 Pak starred in the martial film "Lesser of Three Evils", directed by Wayne A. Kennedy, also starring Roger Guenveur Smith, Peter Greene, Rosa Blasi and Sherilyn Fenn. The film was produced by Ho-Sung Pak, Wayne A. Kennedy and Matthew Chausse who created together the film company GenOne. It was released in 2009 under the title "Fist of the Warrior".

In the 1995-1997 TV show "WMAC Masters", his ki-symbol was "Superstar", which is a translation of his given Korean name. The show featured his older brother, Ho Young Pak ("Star Warrior"), as well as fellow Mortal Kombat actors Chris Casamassa ("Red Dragon") and Hakim Alston ("The Machine").



</doc>
<doc id="3722660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3722660" title="Texas Battle">
Texas Battle

Texas Quency Battle (born August 9, 1980) is an American film and television actor. He is perhaps best known for his role as Marcus Forrester on the CBS soap opera, "The Bold and the Beautiful". He started the Texas Battle foundation in order to help unprivileged children in South Africa.

In May 2008, Battle was cast on the CBS soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful" playing a character named Marcus Forrester. The new actor comes onto the show as the first African American with an in-depth story line. comments on the huge role as stating "It really does feel good that the writers/producers of the show, really have trust in me on bringing this new character to life. I'm happy to be a part of a show that really has a family feeling. Every one of my cast members is fun to work with. Makes you feel good to get up in the morning, and go to work doing something you love." He is best known for his roles in the films "Coach Carter", "Final Destination 3", "", and "Dragonball Evolution". In 2010, he appeared in the remake of "The Legend of Boggy Creek" as Tommy Davis, who co-stars with Stephanie Honore and Sarah Jenazian. Battle portrayed Dixon in the After Dark Originals flick "The Task". Battle wrapped up the first season of "Death Valley", which airs on MTV.




</doc>
<doc id="3723757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3723757" title="John Rubinstein">
John Rubinstein

John Arthur Rubinstein (born December 8, 1946) is an American Broadway and television actor, a composer of film and theater music, and a director in theater and television.

Rubinstein was born in Los Angeles, the son of Polish parents. His mother, Aniela (née Młynarska), a dancer and writer, was a Roman Catholic native of Warsaw, the daughter of conductor Emil Młynarski. His father was Polish-born concert pianist Arthur Rubinstein. He attended El Rodeo Public School in Beverly Hills (K-2), Cours La cascade in Paris, France (1954), and St. Bernard's School (3-8) and Collegiate School (New York City) (9-12) in New York City. He studied theater and music at the University of California, Los Angeles (1964-1967), and later composition at the Juilliard School in New York.

He made his Broadway acting debut in 1972 and received a Theatre World Award for creating the title role in the musical "Pippin", directed by Bob Fosse. In 1980 he won the Tony, Drama Desk, Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle, and Drama-Logue Awards for his portrayal of James Leeds in Mark Medoff's "Children of a Lesser God", directed by Gordon Davidson.

Other Broadway appearances were in Neil Simon's "Fools", directed by Mike Nichols, and Herman Wouk's "The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial", which earned him a Drama Desk nomination; he replaced William Hurt as Eddie in David Rabe's "Hurlyburly", replaced David Dukes in David Henry Hwang's "M. Butterfly", and starred in "Getting Away with Murder", by Stephen Sondheim and George Furth, directed by Jack O'Brien, and "Ragtime", by Terrence McNally, Stephen Flaherty, and Lynn Ahrens. In 2014, he joined the Broadway cast of the hit revival of "Pippin", directed by Diane Paulus, this time playing Pippin's father, Charlemagne; and subsequently repeated that role on the national tour throughout the United States and Japan in 2014-15.

In 1987, he made his off-Broadway debut at the Roundabout Theater as Guildenstern in Tom Stoppard's "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead", with Stephen Lang and John Wood, and subsequently performed in "Urban Blight" and "Cabaret Verboten". In 2005, he received the Lucille Lortel Award for Best Lead Actor in a Play, as well as nominations for both the Outer Critics' and Drama League Awards, for his portrayal of George Simon in Elmer Rice's "Counsellor at Law".

His appearances in regional theaters include the musicals "Camelot" (at various times as "Tom of Warwick", "Mordred" and "King Arthur") and "South Pacific"; the role of "Billy" in David Rabe's "Streamers", "Ariel" in "The Tempest", "Marchbanks" in Shaw's "Candida", both Sergius and Bluntschli (alternating nights with Richard Thomas) in Shaw's "Arms and the Man", several roles in Arnold Weinstein's "Metamorphoses", directed by Paul Sills at the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles, "Sight Unseen" at L.A.'s Odyssey Theatre, "The Torch-Bearers", and "Our Town" at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, Arthur Miller's "Broken Glass" at Monterey Peninsula College, and Warren Smith in "On a Clear Day You Can See Forever".

In 1985 he starred in "Merrily We Roll Along" at the La Jolla Playhouse, in a version newly re-written by Stephen Sondheim and George Furth, directed by James Lapine. He was the original Andrew Ladd III in A. R. Gurney's "Love Letters" at the Long Wharf Theatre in New Haven, opened the play in New York off-Broadway, and later performed it on Broadway, in San Francisco, Boston, Los Angeles, Washington D.C., and on the QE II. He created the role of Molina in "Kiss Of The Spider Woman", and the role of Kenneth Hoyle in Jon Robin Baitz's "Three Hotels". In 1997, he played Tateh in the American premiere run of the musical "Ragtime", by Terrence McNally, Stephen Flaherty, and Lynn Ahrens, at the Shubert Theater, Los Angeles, receiving both an L.A. Drama Critics Circle nomination and a Drama-Logue Award as Best Actor in a Musical, and continued in the show both in Vancouver and on Broadway. He appeared opposite Donald Sutherland in Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt's "Enigmatic Variations" at the Royal Alexandra Theatre in Toronto, and at the Savoy Theatre in London's West End. He played the Wizard of Oz in "Wicked" at the Pantages Theatre for 18 months; and co-starred in the world premiere of the musical version of the film "Grumpy Old Men" at the Manitoba Theatre Centre.

Rubinstein's feature films include "21 Grams", "Red Dragon", "Mercy", "Another Stakeout", "Someone to Watch Over Me", "Daniel", "The Boys from Brazil", "Rome & Jewel", "Jekyll", "Kid Cop", "Getting Straight", "Zachariah", "The Trouble with Girls", and "The Car". Since 1965 he has acted in over 200 television films and series episodes including "The American Clock", "Mrs. Harris", "Perfect Murder, Perfect Town", "The Sleepwalker", "The Two Mrs. Grenvilles", "Movieola" and "".

He received an Emmy Award nomination for his portrayal of Jeff Maitland III in the ABC series "Family", a role he played over five years; and he starred for two years with Jack Warden in the CBS series "Crazy Like a Fox". He has played recurring parts on "The Fosters", "The Mentalist", "Desperate Housewives", "Parenthood", "No Ordinary Family", "Greek", "The Wizards of Waverly Place", "Dirty Sexy Money", "Day Break", "The Practice", "", "The Young and the Restless", and "Barbershop".

In 1987, Rubinstein made his directorial debut at the Williamstown Theatre Festival, staging Aphra Behn's "The Rover", with Christopher Reeve and Kate Burton; the following season he directed the first American-cast production of Christopher Hampton's "Les Liaisons Dangereuses". Off-Broadway, he directed the New York premieres of "Phantasie" (by Sybille Pearson) and "Nightingale" (by Elizabeth Diggs), and the world premiere of A. R. Gurney's "The Old Boy". At the Cape Playhouse in Dennis, Massachusetts, he staged "Wait Until Dark". For NYU, he directed productions of "The Three Sisters" and "Macbeth"; for UCLA, "Company"; and for USC, "Brigadoon", "Into the Woods", "On The Town", "City of Angels", "The Most Happy Fella", and "Grand Hotel".

In Los Angeles, at Interact Theatre Company, of which he has been a member since 1992, he co-directed and starred in the revival of Elmer Rice's "Counsellor at Law", winning the Dramalogue and L.A. Drama Critics Circle awards in both categories, as well as Ovation Awards for Ensemble Acting and Sound Design; the production itself won 22 awards; he also directed and acted in Sondheim and Lapine's "Into the Woods" and "A Little Night Music", and in Meredith Willson's "The Music Man". He also directed Sheridan's "The Rivals" and Frank Loesser's "Guys and Dolls". For television, he directed "A Matter Of Conscience", which won the Emmy Award for Best Children's Special in 1990. He currently teaches a course in musical theater audition techniques at the University of Southern California, and directs their spring musicals.

In 2011, he provided commentary for the online broadcasting of the XIV International Tchaikovsky Competition, a classical music competition held in Moscow, Russia. Twice, in 2013 and 2015, Rubinstein appeared in a performance of "The Defiant Requiem" at Avery Fisher Hall, Lincoln Center.

Rubinstein is also the narrator of many audiobooks, and is known as the voice of Jonathan Kellerman's character Alex Delaware.

In 2016, it was announced that he would join fellow Tony-winner Christian Borle in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory as Grandpa Joe, directed by Jack O'Brien.

John Rubinstein is the father of five children: Jessica Katz, Michael Weston, Peter, Jacob, and Max.



</doc>
<doc id="3725528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3725528" title="Jonathan Freeman (actor)">
Jonathan Freeman (actor)

Jonathan Freeman (born February 5, 1950) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, and puppeteer, known for puppetering and voicing Tito Swing in "Shining Time Station" and for voicing Jafar in Disney's "Aladdin" franchise, as well as the "Kingdom Hearts" franchise and the 2011 "Aladdin" musical.

Freeman was born in Bay Village, Ohio on February 5, 1950. He graduated from Ohio University.

As well as being the voice of Jafar in "Aladdin", a role he once said he's called in to reprise every 3 to 6 months, Freeman is also known for being the puppeteer for Tito Swing of the Jukebox Band (Flexitoon Puppets) on the PBS series "Shining Time Station".

In 1994, he was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical for his role in "She Loves Me". Additionally, he appeared in the Broadway revival productions of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying", "The Producers", "On the Town", and "42nd Street", during which his caricature was drawn for "Sardi's" restaurant in 2002.

Freeman can be heard on the 1997 Varèse Sarabande studio recording of the flop 1965 musical "Drat! The Cat!".

He was also seen on stage as Cogsworth in Disney's "Beauty and the Beast", and originated the role of Grimsby in Disney's Broadway production of "The Little Mermaid".

Freeman began his run starring as Admiral Boom and the Bank Chairman in the Broadway production of "Mary Poppins" on December 12, 2009.

Freeman reprises his role as Jafar on stage in the new musical adaptation of "Aladdin", which played at Seattle's 5th Avenue Theatre from July 7–31, 2011. He is currently reprising the role in the Broadway production, which opened in March 2014 at the New Amsterdam Theatre, and he is the only actor from the original cast of the animated film to do so.






</doc>
<doc id="3726356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3726356" title="Eric Lutes">
Eric Lutes

Eric Lutes (born August 19, 1962) is an American actor, known for his roles as Del Cassidy on "Caroline in the City", Jerry Stanton in "Switching Goals", and Jake Carlson on "So Little Time", starring both Mary-Kate Olsen and Ashley Olsen. His career started with several commercial spots. He then moved to New York City and appeared in many off-Broadway productions before finally making the move to Los Angeles where he landed the role on "Caroline in the City". He also played the KACL station manager, Tom Duran in the second season of "Frasier" and has appeared in numerous TV movies. He also guest-starred on "The Suite Life of Zack & Cody" as Harry O'Neal, a guest who conned the Tipton staff into giving him free stuff. He also guest-starred in "90210" as the date of Annie's and Dixon's mother.

Lutes was born in Woonsocket, Rhode Island and raised in Charlestown, Rhode Island, the son of Claire, an astrologer and psychiatric nurse, and John Lutes, an artist. He attended Chariho High School where he was a member of the Chariho Boys Track Team.


</doc>
<doc id="3728977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3728977" title="Marshall Allman">
Marshall Allman

Marshall Scot Allman (born April 5, 1984) is an American actor. He is known to television audiences for his role as L. J. Burrows on Fox's successful television series, "Prison Break". He is also known for playing Tommy Mickens on "True Blood".

Allman was born in Austin, Texas, brother of David Allman, and the son of Idanell (née Brown; born January 14, 1950; Austin, Texas) and James Martin Allman, Jr. (born April 27, 1950; Travis County, Texas). As he grew up he was talented in soccer and art. Allman played club and school soccer and is deeply interested in contemporary music. After graduating from Austin High School in 2002, he chose to pursue an acting career in Los Angeles over studying art in New York City. Allman is a Christian, and in an interview he stated, "Any time someone tries to represent their idea of God it's paramount to remember that you're an imperfect person leading a flawed life."

Allman married American actress Jamie Anne Allman ( Brown) of Parsons, Kansas on June 17, 2006, in Austin, Texas. They have twins who were born in 2013.

Allman has also made guest appearances on shows such as "Without a Trace", "Boston Public", "Malcolm in the Middle", "The Practice", "Phil of the Future", "Close to Home", "Cold Case", "Saving Grace", "Eli Stone", "Grey's Anatomy", "Mad Men", "Bates Motel", and most recently "The Closer". In November 2009, Allman won the role of Tommy Mickens in the third season of "True Blood". Allman has also done voice over work, usch as on "Breathe Bible". Allman's film credits include "Shallow Ground", "Little Black Book", "Dishdogz" and "The Immaculate Conception of Little Dizzle".




</doc>
<doc id="3736440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3736440" title="Ray Teal">
Ray Teal

Ray Elgin Teal (January 12, 1902 – April 2, 1976) was an American actor. His most famous role came on the television series "Bonanza" (1959–1972). He also appeared in several films such as "Western Jamboree" (1938), "The Best Years of Our Lives" (1946), "The Black Arrow" (1948), "Ace in the Hole" (1951) and "Judgment at Nuremberg" (1961).

Teal was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. A saxophone player, he worked his way through the University of California, Los Angeles as a bandleader before becoming an actor.

After more than 15 years performing in films and in early television, Teal secured a recurring role as a police officer in the 1953–1955 ABC sitcom with a variety-show theme, "Where's Raymond?", later renamed "The Ray Bolger Show". Ray Bolger in the series portrays Raymond Wallace, a song-and-dance man who repeatedly arrives for his performances barely on time. Others cast members in the series include Richard Erdman, Allyn Joslyn, Betty Lynn, Sylvia Lewis, Gloria Winters, and Verna Felton.

In 1955, Teal appeared as McCanles, a ruthless cattle baron in the episode "Julesburg" of the ABC/Warner Bros. Western series, "Cheyenne", starring Clint Walker in the title role. Altogether, Teal appeared five times on "Cheyenne", the first hour-long Western series on a major network. In 1950, he appeared in the episode of "The Lone Ranger" titled "Never Say Die" as Matt Dooley. In 1955, he appeared in episode 175 of "The Lone Ranger". He later appeared in a guest-starring role in another ABC/WB Western series, "The Alaskans", starring Roger Moore. From 1957 to 1962, Teal was cast three times in different roles on another long-running Western series, "Wagon Train". He also appeared in an episode of "The Rifleman" and later in "Green Acres".

In 1957, Teal played a lawman, Captain McNelly, in the episode "Sam Bass" of NBC's "Tales of Wells Fargo", with Dale Robertson as agent Jim Hardie and Chuck Connors in the role of the outlaw Sam Bass. Teal was cast as Fenster in "The Bounty Hunters" (1957) on the ABC Western series, "Broken Arrow", starring John Lupton and Michael Ansara.

In 1958, Teal guest-starred with Beverly Washburn in "No Tears for the Dead" on the CBS Western series, "The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun. He appeared too in the CBS sitcom, "Dennis the Menace", starring Jay North. Also in 1958, Teal was cast as Yotts Meyer in the episode "Hangtown" of the NBC Western series, "The Californians", and played a crooked sheriff in the episode "The Day They Hanged Bret Maverick" opposite James Garner in the Warner Bros. series "Maverick". 
In 1960 Teal was cast as Sheriff Roy Coffee in Bonanza, a role he would play until 1972 appearing in 98 episodes.

Teal appeared twice in another ABC/WB Western, "Colt .45", starring Wayde Preston. In the series finale entitled "The Trespassers" (1960), Teal played Mike O'Tara. Others in the guest cast were Pamela Duncan, Lee Van Cleef, Gary Vinson, and Arthur Space, as Belle O'Tara, the Indian Red Feather, Lieutenant Sims, and Colonel Tomkin, respectively.
In 1960, he was cast as Sheriff Clay, along with other guest-stars Charles Bronson, William Fawcett, and Stella Stevens, in the episode "Zigzag" of Darren McGavin's NBC Western series, "Riverboat", with Darren McGavin. 
In 1962, Teal portrayed Mr. Todd in the episode entitled "The Tall Shadow" of the NBC modern Western drama, "Empire", starring Richard Egan as New Mexico rancher Jim Redigo. That same year, he was cast as Sam Thorpe in the episode "Step Forward" of the NBC police drama set in New York City, "87th Precinct". He portrayed in 1962 the character Alvin Greaves in "Unwanted: Dead or Alive" of the syndicated adventure series "The Everglades", starring Ron Hayes. In 1962 and 1963, he was cast four times, three as the character Frank Higgins, on the Earl Holliman Western series about the rodeo, "Wide Country".

In 1963, Teal appeared as murder victim Joe Downing in the CBS courtroom drama series "Perry Mason" episode, "The Case of the Shifty Shoebox".

Teal was a bit-part player in Western films for several years before landing a substantial role in "Northwest Passage" (1940). Another of his roles was as Little John in "The Bandit of Sherwood Forest" (1946). Notable film roles include playing one of the judges in "Judgment at Nuremberg" (1961) with Spencer Tracy and an indulgent bar owner to Marlon Brando's motorcycle gang in "The Wild One" (1953). This was the second of three times that Teal appeared with Brando, having done so already as a drunk in Brando's debut in "The Men" (1950) and later in Brando's only directorial effort, "One-Eyed Jacks" (1961), as a bartender.

Teal appeared in three episodes of the 1955–1957 anthology series, "Crossroads", a study of clergymen from different denominations.

He died of undisclosed causes at age 74 in Santa Monica, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3736740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3736740" title="George Marshall (director)">
George Marshall (director)

George E. Marshall (December 29, 1891 – February 17, 1975) was an American actor, screenwriter, producer, film and television director, active through the first six decades of film history.

Relatively few of Marshall's films are well-known today, with "Destry Rides Again", "The Blue Dahlia", "The Sheepman", and "How the West Was Won" being the biggest exceptions. John Houseman called him "one of the old maestros of Hollywood... he had never become one of the giants but he held a solid and honorable position in the industry."

While Marshall worked on almost all kinds of films imaginable, he started his career in the early silent period doing mostly Westerns, a genre he never completely abandoned.

In the 1930s, he established a reputation for comedy, directing Laurel and Hardy in three classic films, and also working on a variety of comedies for Fox (Many of his films at Fox were destroyed in a vault fire in 1937). Later in his career, he was particularly sought after for comedies. He did around half a dozen films each with Bob Hope and Jerry Lewis, and also worked with W. C. Fields, Jackie Gleason, and Will Rogers.

Marshall dropped out of the University of Chicago and worked a journalist and a mechanic. He was working as a logger in Washington when he decided to go to Los Angeles in 1912 to visit his mother.

Marshall decided to stay in Hollywood and work in the movies. He initially worked as an extra. He and another extra, future director Frank Lloyd, once pooled their money to buy a suit and get more work. Marshall eventually moved into stunt work, then directing

Marshall's early directorial work most starred Harry Carey and Neal Hart. He said his first film was the Carey three reeler "The Committee on Credentials" (1916). He also directed "Love's Lariat" (1916) and "A Woman's Eyes" (1917), all with Carey, and "The Man from Montana" (1917) with Hart.

Marshall served in France in World War One.

He worked with other actors too, such as Hoot Gibson in "The Midnight Flyer" (1918) and Ruth Roland in the serials "The Adventures of Ruth" (1919) and "Ruth of the Rockies" (1920).

In the early 1920s Marshall directed a series of movies starring Tom Mix including "Prairie Trails" (1920).

For most of the 1920s Marshall directed short films, notably at Fox. In the mid 1920s he was appointed general supervisor of Fox comedy shorts. His credits included "A Flaming Affair" with Lex Neal.

Marshall directed a series of Laurel and Hardy films including "Pack Up Your Troubles" (1932), "Their First Mistake" (1932), and "Towed in a Hole" (1932).

Marshall took a long term contract at Fox where his films included "Wild Gold" (1934) and two with Alice Faye, "She Learned About Sailors" (1934) and "365 Nights in Hollywood" (1934).

Fox entrusted him with one of the studio's biggest stars, Will Rogers in "Life Begins at 40" (1935). He did a comedy, "$10 Raise" (1935), and a musical with Faye, "Music Is Magic" (1935).

Marshall stayed with Fox when it merged with 20th Century to become 20th Century-Fox. He did a crime film, "Show Them No Mercy!" (1935), a Jane Withers vehicle "Can This Be Dixie?" (1936), and a war film with Barbara Stanwyck and Wallace Beery, "A Message to Garcia" (1936).

After another crime film, "The Crime of Dr. Forbes" (1936) he did "Nancy Steele Is Missing!" (1937) with Victor McLaglen, "Love Under Fire" (1937) with Loretta Young and "Battle of Broadway" (1938) with McLaglen.

Sam Goldwyn borrowed Marshall to direct "The Goldwyn Follies" (1938).

Marshall went to Universal where he directed W.C. Fields in "You Can't Cheat an Honest Man" (1939) then had a huge success with Marlene Dietrich and James Stewart in "Destry Rides Again" (1939). He did another Western at Universal, "When the Daltons Rode" (1940).

Marshall went to Paramount, where he directed Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard in "The Ghost Breakers" (1940).

Marshall, Goddard and Stewart made "Pot o' Gold" (1941) for United Artists. Then Marshall went to Columbia for "Texas" (1941) with Glenn Ford and William Holden, and RKO for "Valley of the Sun" (1942) with Lucille Ball. During the making of the latter he celebrated his 25th year in films. By the early 1940s he was best known as a director of Westerns.

Paramount were delighted with "The Ghost Breakers" and offered Marshall a long term contract. He did "The Forest Rangers" (1942) with Goddard and Fred MacMurray and directed the studio's all-star "Star Spangled Rhythm" (1942).

Marshall was among the studio's leading directors by now. He worked with Dorothy Lamour and Dick Powell in "Riding High" (1943), and Mary Martin in "True to Life" (1943). He did "And the Angels Sing" (1944) with Lamour, MacMurray and the new star Betty Hutton, then did a comedy with MacMurray "Murder, He Says" (1945).

Marshall did a biopic of Texas Guinan starring Hutton, "Incendiary Blonde" (1945), then a comedy with Eddie Bracken and Veronica Lake, "Hold That Blonde" (1945).

Marshall had a big success with "The Blue Dahlia" (1946), starring Alan Ladd and Lake, from a script by Raymond Chandler.

Also popular was a comedies he made with Bob Hope, "Monsieur Beaucaire" (1946), and Hutton, "The Perils of Pauline" (1947), a tribute to the old serials that Marshall himself used to direct; it was produced by Sol Siegel.

Paramount got him to do another revue-style film, "Variety Girl" (1947).

In 1946 "Sight and Sound" magazine said Marshall had become:
One of our leading directors of comedy. Not comedy of ideas, however fuzzy or pretentious as with Preston Sturges, the "art" comedy. But showmanship, the Paramount, the Hollywood romantic comedy... of recent years had become so syrupy, plotty and ungay. Marshall has not remodelled the form or made drastic changes. But he has lightened it, sped it up, taken stories that would have remained solemn bores with more literal minded directors and made entertainment out of them, by having a little fun, going just a little wild in the process... With a style that is extroverted, clean, limber, above all natural, casual in its use of slapstick with the effect of making Sturges' slapstick seem almost studied, Marshall, you'll probably find, is the director credit that will explain how many a film with all the external attributes of a stinker... kept you in your seat, interested to the end, as it were, in spite of yourself.
Marshall did a comedy with Goddard and MacDonald Carey, "Hazard" (1948), then he was borrowed by Walter Wanger for "Tap Roots" (1948).

In 1948 he quit "Bonanza" (which became "Lust for Gold") with Glenn Ford and Ida Lupino after four days of filming due to disputes with producer S. Sylvan Simon. However he bounced back with "My Friend Irma" (1949) which introduced Martin and Lewis.

In 1949 Paramount extended its contract with him for two more years. He was reunited with Ball and Hope in "Fancy Pants" (1950), then did two with MacMurray, "Never a Dull Moment" (1950) at RKO and "A Millionaire for Christy" (1951) at Fox.

In 1950 Marshall and William Holden announced they had formed a company to make half hour TV shows but it appears they were not made.

Back at Paramount he did "The Savage" (1952) with Charlton Heston, "Off Limits" (1953) with Hope and Mickey Rooney, and "Scared Stiff" (1953) with Martin and Lewis (remaking his earlier "Ghost Breakers") .

He did a biopic, "Houdini" (1953) with Tony Curtis, then "Money from Home" (1954) with Martin and Lewis, and "Red Garters" (1954) with Rosemary Clooney.

Marshall went to South Africa to make "Duel in the Jungle" (1954) then back at Paramount remade his own "Destry Rides Again" as "Destry" (1954) with Audie Murphy.

Marshall went to Universal to do a musical, "The Second Greatest Sex" (1955), and a Western, "Pillars of the Sky" (1956). He returned to Africa to make "Beyond Mombassa" (1956) with Cornel Wilde for Columbia.

Also at Columbia he made "The Guns of Fort Petticoat" (1957) with Audie Murphy, produced by Murphy.

He went back to Paramount to make "The Sad Sack" (1957), Jerry Lewis' second film without Dean Martin.

Marshall then received an offer from MGM, who were then being run by Sol Siegel, to direct Glenn Ford in a Western, "The Sheepman" (1958). It was a hit, so he stayed at the studio to direct "Imitation General" (1959), with Ford; "The Mating Game" (1959) with Debbie Reynolds; and "It Started with a Kiss" (1959) and "The Gazebo" (1959), both with Reynolds and Ford. All these films were popular.

Marshall and Ford made "Cry for Happy" (1961) at Columbia, which featured location filming in Japan. He announced plans to make a biopic of Ruth Roland with Debbie Reynolds but it was not made.

Then Marshall directed Rita Hayworth in "The Happy Thieves" (1963) and directed the railroad segment of "How the West Was Won" (1963) at MGM.

In 1963 he celebrated his fiftieth year as a director. "You try to keep up with the spirit of the times," he said. ""You go along with it or wonder why they don't call you any more... Some of my friends have let the world go by them. They couldn't understand the changes... I don't think people have basically changed. They still want to be entertained."

Marshall said his credo was "you should see possibilities and they lead you to other things later on. If you're a mechanic you just do it as written. If you're - I wouldn't say an artist - then you try to make more of it. It's easy to be a mechanic."

Marshall did "Papa's Delicate Condition" (1963) with Jackie Gleason, "Dark Purpose" (1964) with Shirley Jones and "Advance to the Rear" (1964) with Ford. He also did the pilot for "Daniel Boone".

In the late 1960s Marshall moved increasingly into television.

His later feature credits include two with Hope, "Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!" (1966) and "Eight on the Lam" (1967) and "The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz" (1968) with Elke Sommer.

His last feature that he directed was "Hook, Line & Sinker" (1969) starring Lewis.

Lucille Ball chose George Marshall to direct eleven episodes of her "Here's Lucy" television series in 1969, having previously worked in several Marshall comedies herself.

He appeared as an actor in "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder".

His last professional job was an acting appearance in "Police Woman". Three days before he died he was inducted into the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame.

Marshall married Germaine, who he met in France after World War One. They had two children, a son and a daughter.

Marshall died after a two-week illness. He is buried in Holy Cross Cemetery in Culver City, Los Angeles.

For his contribution to the film industry, George Marshall has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7048 Hollywood Boulevard.



</doc>
<doc id="3744603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3744603" title="Aziz Ansari">
Aziz Ansari

Aziz Ismail Ansari (; born February 23, 1983) is an American actor, writer, producer, director, and comedian. He is known for his role as Tom Haverford on the NBC series "Parks and Recreation" (2009–2015), and as creator and star of the Netflix series "Master of None" (2015–2017) for which he won several acting and writing awards, including two Emmys and a Golden Globe for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy. With his Golden Globe win, Ansari became the first actor of Asian descent to win a Golden Globe for acting in television. 

Ansari began his career performing stand-up comedy in New York City in mid-2000 while attending New York University. In 2007, he created and starred in the MTV sketch comedy show "Human Giant", which ran for two seasons. This led to acting roles in feature films, including "Funny People"; "I Love You, Man"; "Observe and Report"; and "30 Minutes or Less". He has provided voice work in "" and "Epic".

As a stand-up comedian, Ansari released his debut comedy special, "Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening", in January 2010 on Comedy Central Records, and tours nationally between acting commitments. In 2010 and 2011, he performed his Dangerously Delicious tour, which was self-released for download on his website in March 2012 and debuted on Comedy Central in May 2012. He completed his third major tour, "", in the summer of 2013. His fourth comedy special, "", was released on Netflix in 2015. His first book, "", was released in June 2015. He was included in the "Time" 100 list of most influential people in 2016.

Aziz Ansari was born in Columbia, South Carolina, to a Tamil Muslim family from Tamil Nadu, India. Ansari grew up in Bennettsville, South Carolina, where he attended Marlboro Academy as well as the South Carolina Governor's School for Science and Mathematics. He graduated from the New York University Stern School of Business in 2004, with a degree in marketing. His mother, Fatima, is an obstetrician and gynecologist and his father, Shoukath, is a gastroenterologist. Both of his parents have appeared in the two seasons of "Master of None".

Ansari frequently performed at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre, as well as weekly shows such as "Invite Them Up". In 2005, "Rolling Stone" included him in their annual "Hot List" as their choice for the "Hot Standup", and he won the Jury Award for "Best Standup" at HBO's 2006 U.S. Comedy Arts Festival in Aspen, Colorado.

Around the summer of 2005, Ansari began collaborating with fellow comedians Rob Huebel and Paul Scheer (both from the improv troupe Respecto Montalban), as well as director Jason Woliner to make short films. The first series created by the group was "Shutterbugs", which followed Huebel and Ansari as cutthroat child talent agents. This was followed up by the "Illusionators", which starred Ansari and Scheer as Criss Angel–style goth magicians. In mid-2006, MTV greenlit "Human Giant", a sketch series from the group, which debuted April 5, 2007. The show ran for two seasons and the group was offered a third season, but they opted to pursue other opportunities.

In June 2008, Ansari was announced as the first cast hire for NBC's comedy "Parks and Recreation". The show debuted in April 2009 with Ansari playing Tom Haverford, an underachieving government official with extreme self-confidence and dreams of being successful. He was a main character of the show for its seven seasons. Ansari's performance has received praise from critics, including "Entertainment Weekly" naming him one of 2009's "Breakout TV Stars", "TV Guide" naming him a "Scene Stealer", and Yahoo! TV placing him in the No. 1 spot on its list of "TV MVPS".

Ansari stars as Dev Shah in the Netflix original series "Master of None", created and written with "Parks and Recreation" writer Alan Yang. Ansari directed several episodes of the series. The 10-episode series premiered on November 6, 2015, to very positive reviews. James Poniewozik of "The New York Times" called the show "the year's best comedy straight out of the gate" and praised its genre-crossing appeal.

In November 2016, Ansari writes about his mother and father following 'Master of None'. In his post Ansari opens up about how he felt like a “complete piece of rubbish” for not visiting them in South Carolina as much as he could have.

Ansari's performance in the show earned him a nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy. The series earned four Emmy nominations in 2016: Outstanding Comedy Series, Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for Ansari and Yang, and Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series and Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for Ansari; Yang and Ansari won the Emmy for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for the episode "Parents". Yang and Ansari were also honored with a Peabody Award in May 2016 for the series.

The show was renewed for a second season, which was released on May 12, 2017. The second season has also received strong reviews and has a 100% "Certified Fresh" ranking on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

In 2018 Ansari won a Golden Globe for best actor in a TV comedy for the show; this made him the first Asian-American actor to win a Golden Globe for acting in television.

On June 6, 2010, Ansari hosted the 2010 MTV Movie Awards. The show opened with a spoof of the film "Precious" with Ansari appearing as Aziz "Precious" Ansari. Ansari also created the short film "Stunt Kidz", which reunited him with his "Human Giant" castmates. A second short film was also made with actor Zach Galifianakis in which Ansari portrayed Taavon, Galifianakis' "swagger coach". He accepted Galifianakis' award for Best Comedic Performance in character as Taavon. Ansari also performed a musical tribute to the film "Avatar" in the style of singer R. Kelly.

In addition to his work on "Parks and Recreation", Ansari appeared on the HBO series "Flight of the Conchords" as an eccentric fruit vendor who had difficulty telling the difference between Australians and New Zealanders. He had a recurring role in season eight of the ABC sitcom "Scrubs" as Ed, a new intern at the hospital. Ansari's character was written off the show so he could work on "Parks and Recreation". Ansari also has a recurring role on the animated comedy "Bob's Burgers" as Darryl.

In August 2011, Ansari made a cameo appearance in the music video for "Otis" by Jay-Z and Kanye West from their collaborative album "Watch the Throne".

Ansari hosted the January 21, 2017 episode of "Saturday Night Live", becoming the first person of Indian origin to do so.

Ansari has made appearances in several films, including "Get Him to the Greek", "I Love You, Man", "30 Minutes or Less", "This Is the End," and "Observe and Report". In 2009, Ansari appeared in the Judd Apatow film "Funny People". Apatow liked Ansari's character, "Randy", and commissioned him and "Human Giant" collaborator Jason Woliner to create online shorts centered around his character, to promote the film. These shorts proved successful and the character became the subject of one of the film ideas Ansari and Woliner are developing for Apatow Productions. Two other ideas in development are "Let's Do This", a road movie about two motivational speakers, and an untitled film about two disgraced astronauts who must return to space to clear their names. Ansari is attached to star in another film with Danny McBride based on an idea from Ansari and "30 Rock" writer Matt Hubbard. In April 2010, it was announced that Ansari would star in the film "30 Minutes or Less". The film was directed by Ruben Fleischer and co-starred Jesse Eisenberg and McBride. The film was released on August 12, 2011.

Amongst various acting commitments, Ansari has continued performing and touring as a stand-up comedian. In 2006 and 2007, he toured with the Comedians of Comedy and Flight of the Conchords. In late 2008 and early 2009, Ansari headlined his own comedy tour, the Glow in the Dark Tour. The material on this tour became the basis for a DVD/CD special for Comedy Central. The set, titled "Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening", aired January 17, 2010, with a CD/LP/DVD release on January 19.

Ansari's comedy style tends to focus on aspects of his personal life. "I like talking about things that are going on in my life, because that's always going to be different and original", he says. "No one else is gonna be talking about my personal experiences".

In July 2010, Ansari began a new tour, "Dangerously Delicious", which was in theaters across the United States; stops included the Bonnaroo Music Festival and Carnegie Hall in New York City. The tour wrapped with a filming for a special, "Dangerously Delicious" at the Warner Theatre in Washington, D.C., in June 2011. This special was released on his website in March 2012 for download or stream.

In March 2012, Ansari announced a new tour entitled "Buried Alive", with dates scheduled for Q2/Q3 2012. A third stand-up special, "", was filmed during the tour at the Merriam Theater in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and premiered on Netflix on November 1, 2013. His 2015 special, "", also premiered on Netflix.

In February 2019, Ansari began a new stand-up tour entitled "The Road to Nowhere", which was his official public return after the sexual-misconduct allegations and media backlash that put his career on a year-long hiatus in 2018. The performance was a response to the events of that past year, and touched on topics ranging from cultural appropriation, racism to sexual misconduct. His next comedy special "" was released on July 9, 2019.

In May 2019, Ansari teamed up with Dave Chappelle for three shows in Austin, Texas at the Paramount Theatre.

Ansari's book, "", was released on June 16, 2015. The book is about the comedic pitfalls of dating in the modern world and was written with sociologist Eric Klinenberg.

In 2012, Ansari played a talking goat in an animated video for Oxfam America to encourage donations.

Following the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, Ansari performed a benefit for the victims at the Wilbur Theater in Boston, Massachusetts. All ticket proceeds benefited The One Fund & The Officer Richard Donohue Fund.

Ansari described himself as "not religious" on Twitter. He was raised as Muslim by his parents.

, Ansari is dating Danish physics student Serena Campbell.

He has self-identified as a feminist, saying his girlfriend has helped influence him. Ansari also incorporated an episode about feminism titled "Ladies and Gentlemen" in "Master of None". In an interview in 2015, he spoke about the episode's meaningfulness to him saying "I thought it was interesting that this is happening, yet so many people are unaware of it. And the problem is people aren't talking about it. What I've learned, as a guy, is to just ask women questions and listen to what they have to say. Go to your group of female friends and ask them about times they've experienced sexism at their job, and you'll get blown away by the things they tell you."

Ansari is a "foodie" (although he dislikes the term); he and his friends Eric Wareheim and Jason Woliner have formed what they called "The Food Club", which involves them dressing up in suits and captain hats and rewarding restaurants with "Food Club" plaques. The plaques have their faces engraved along with the words: "The Food Club has dined here and deemed it plaque-worthy". He explained to "Vanity Fair", "It's a really serious-looking plaque and all of the restaurants we've given it to have put it front and center. It's funny because people will walk into a restaurant and be like, 'What the fuck is the Food Club? Who are these guys etched in gold?'" They also produced a tongue-in-cheek video about the club for "Jash", filming them debating whether or not restaurants were plaque-worthy.

Ansari was a close friend of the late comedian Harris Wittels and they frequently worked together. He has a brother, Aniz Adam Ansari, who co-wrote an episode of "Master of None".

In January 2018, a woman using the pseudonym "Grace" accused Ansari of sexual misconduct in an article on "Babe.net" by Katie Way. The article was met with a polarized response among commentators and the public with disagreement as to whether the incident described in the "Babe" article constituted sexual misconduct. Ansari stated that the encounter "by all indications was completely consensual," but critics have stated that his actions were misogynistic, lacked affirmative consent, and spoke to a larger culture of harmful male expectations. Others say that Ansari's actions did not constitute sexual misconduct and that his accuser's narrative trivializes the #MeToo movement against forms of sexual abuse. Way was criticized for her handling of the story. In an article in "The Hindu", Vasundhara Sirnate Drennan wrote that "The issue is far more complicated than has been presented in knee-jerk opinion pieces." For "The Atlantic", James Hamblin wrote that these "stories of gray areas are exactly what [...] need to be told and discussed." "Even Ansari, the semi-ironic expert who authored a book on interpersonal communication [...] was seeing something totally different from his date, Grace", who felt coerced.

Ansari addressed the incident in his 2019 Netflix special "", telling the audience, "I just felt terrible that this person felt this way." He discussed the impact the story had on his friends, saying "If this made not just me but other people be more thoughtful, then that's a good thing, and that's how I feel about it." Ansari has been criticized for not directly apologizing for his alleged behavior.

In 2016, Ansari was the recipient of Smithsonian Magazine's American Ingenuity Award for Performing Arts. In 2017, "Rolling Stone" ranked Aziz Ansari 49th in their list of greatest stand-up comedians of all time.



</doc>
<doc id="3746658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3746658" title="Eugene M. Davis">
Eugene M. Davis

Eugene M. Davis is an American actor known for playing the psychotic killer Warren Stacy in the 1983 film "10 to Midnight" with Charles Bronson; he also played a killer in another Bronson vehicle, 1988's "Messenger of Death". Other credits include the psychological thriller "Fear X" (2003) and a role as a cross-dressing police informant in the Al Pacino movie "Cruising" (1980).

He is the brother of actor Brad Davis and the son of Dr. Eugene Davis, DMD. He was raised in Titusville, Florida, attended and graduated from Titusville High School. Gene and Brad (called Bobby in school) attended school with Denny Terrio (known as Dennis Mahan growing up) of "Dance Fever" and "Saturday Night Fever" fame.


</doc>
<doc id="3749190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3749190" title="Paolo Montalbán">
Paolo Montalbán

Paolo Montalban (born May 21, 1973) is a Filipino-American actor and singer best known for his performance in the 1997 Disney television film, "Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella" as Prince Christopher, opposite Brandy as Cinderella. He reprised that role in a stage version of the musical with Deborah Gibson and then Jamie-Lynn Sigler.

Montalban was born in Manila, Philippines to Paul and Vivian Montalban. His family emigrated to the United States when he was a year old and lived in a studio apartment in Manhattan's West Side across the street from The Juilliard School and Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. He is an alumnus of St. Peter's Preparatory School and holds a degree in pre-med psychology from Rutgers University.

In 1997, Montalban starred in "Cinderella" as Prince Christopher alongside Whitney Houston, Whoopi Goldberg and Brandy. He also notably played Kung Lao in the syndicated series "" along with Daniel Bernhardt and Kristanna Loken.

Montalban was also cast in John Dahl's "The Great Raid" as Sgt. Valera, and the independent film "American Adobo", as Raul. He also appeared in "Just Wright" starring Queen Latifah, "The Adjustment Bureau," and the short film "Two Weeks".

Montalban was named one of "People's" 50 Most Beautiful People of 1998.

He has appeared on Broadway in "Pacific Overtures", "The King and I" and "Breakfast at Tiffany's", starring Emilia Clarke. Off-Broadway he was in "Two Gentlemen of Verona" at Shakespeare in the Park, "The Romance of Magno Rubio" at Ma Yi Theater Company, among others. He also guest starred in "" (Season 8, Episode 20: "Annihilated") and "One Life to Live".

Montalban has appeared in productions of "The King and I" on Broadway and around the country, where he has played both Lun Tha, the young lover, and the title role of the King.





</doc>
<doc id="3750646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3750646" title="NaShawn Kearse">
NaShawn Kearse

NaShawn Kearse (born 1972 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American television and film actor. Kearse has made television appearances in HBO series "Entourage", as rapper Saigon's cousin; and in "The Shield".

Kearse had a recurring part in ABC series "Desperate Housewives", replacing the fired Page Kennedy in the role of Caleb Applewhite, a fugitive held captive in his mother (Alfre Woodard)'s basement.

Prior to "Desperate Housewives", Kearse had roles in "Taxi", "Marci X", "Cross Bronx", and as a voice of a pedestrian in the video game, "". Kearse co-starred in the 2007 film "My Brother" alongside Vanessa L. Williams. Kearse appeared as a sketch regular on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" for several years in the late 1990s and early 2000s.


</doc>
<doc id="3752991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3752991" title="Charles Maxwell (actor)">
Charles Maxwell (actor)

Charles Carlton Maxwell (December 28, 1913 – August 7, 1993) was an American character actor and producer who worked primarily in television.

Maxwell frequently appeared as a guest star in western television series, including "Bonanza", "Gunsmoke", "Lawman", "Rawhide", and "The Rifleman". In 1959, he was cast as General Phil Sheridan in the episode "One Bullet from Broken Bow" of the NBC western series, "Bat Masterson", starring Gene Barry in the title role. He appeared on NBC's "Bonanza" ten times as entirely different characters.

By the 1960s Charles Maxwell began appearing in a variety of guest roles. For example, he appeared in "My Favorite Martian" (first season, episode 23) as Jakobar in "An Old Friend of the Family".
Maxwell was a regular on the short-lived series "The Hank McCune Show" and appeared as Corp. Giles on the WWII drama "Combat!" in the episode "Ask Me No Questions" in 1966. He also appeared as Virgil Earp in the "" episode “Spectre of the Gun” in 1968.

Maxwell’s longest running role was neither a western, nor credited, when he was often featured as the unseen radio announcer on CBS's "Gilligan's Island".


</doc>
<doc id="3753615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3753615" title="Ivan Shaw">
Ivan Shaw

Ivan Shaw is an American actor who made his daytime debut in December 2002, playing young Henry Chin in the ABC daytime show "All My Children".

Shaw moved from Taipei, Taiwan at age 4 to Upland, California where he grew up with his older brother, Eugene (also an aspiring actor), and grandparents. At one time, he attended Upland Taiwanese Presbyterian Church.

Shaw attended Upland High School and attended UCLA where he studied math, economics and computer science.

Along the way, Shaw also became interested in acting. He played lead roles at New York City's off-Broadway Century Theatre's production of "Savage Love" and Shurin Studio's "A Boy's Life", with critically acclaimed reviews.

Following a series of appearances on TV shows such as "Haunted" (as Tommy), "" (as Billy James), "Charmed" (as Attendant), "The Closer" (as Donnie), "Monk" (as a Rap Producer), "The Mind of the Married Man" (as Machiko), "All My Children" (as Henry Chin), "General Hospital" (as a Band Member), "The Young and the Restless" (as Alan), and "Baywatch Hawaii", Shaw appeared as Adam Webster on the short-lived, controversial NBC show "The Book of Daniel".

Shaw has also appeared in feature films such as "Get Him to the Greek" (as a Pinnacle Executive), "L!fe Happens" (as Ivan #2), "The Truth About Angels" (as JC), and "Rush Hour 2" (as a Triad Gangster). He also appears as Tao in a short film directed by David Parker and Cole Schreiber (aka Sunday Paper) called "Mission Chinese" also starring Ron Yuan and Elaine Tan.

He also stars as the romantic lead opposite Kelly Hu in Bertha Bay-Sa Pan's feature film, "Almost Perfect" (2011), also starring Edison Chen. Tina Chen, Roger Rees and Christina Chang.

He has also Associate Produced a film entitled "The Time Being" starring Frank Langella, Wes Bentley and directed by Nenad Cicin-Sain, and which made its premiere at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival. He has also written a short film entitled "The Tip" with Kelvin Yu, and directed by Tyler Brooks.



</doc>
<doc id="3758493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3758493" title="Michael Manasseri">
Michael Manasseri

Michael Manasseri (born February 28, 1974) is an American actor and film director.

Manasseri was born in Poughkeepsie, New York. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Wyatt Donnelly in the TV series "Weird Science" (1994) and his voice portrayal on "Santo Bugito". Manasseri also had a recurring role in the second season of the NBC sitcom "Wings" as young pilot Kenny McElvey. He guest starred on several TV shows, such as "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", "The Wonder Years", "Boston Public", and "ER".

He directed his first film, "Babysitter Wanted", in 2007, which premiered at the Sitges Film Festival in Spain. His second directed film is the 2012 release, the sci-fi/comic book horror film "Sucker". He also was a producer on the 2011 Michigan-made film "Detention of the Dead" directed by his long-time friend, Alex Craig Mann.

He also directed the comedy film "The Pickle Recipe", which features David Paymer.

Michael is married to Michigan actress, Sarah Manasseri (formerly Benedict), who starred in the SAG new media pilot, "The Road to Hell". Michael and Sarah were married at Chapel of the Flowers in Las Vegas, Nevada on April 17, 2013, after a 2-year engagement.



</doc>
<doc id="3758823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3758823" title="Jay Bontatibus">
Jay Bontatibus

Jay Bontatibus (July 31, 1964 – February 12, 2017) was an American actor.

He was born and raised in Cheshire, Connecticut. He was active in sports at Cheshire High School and at Central Connecticut State University. While at the latter, he also developed an interest in acting.

In 1998, Bontatibus joined the cast of "The Young and the Restless", in the role of Tony Viscardi; he departed the cast in 2000. He also played Andy Capelli in "General Hospital" (2002-2004) and Rob McCullough in "Days of Our Lives" (2008).

He was also married to the soap's then-casting director, Marnie Saitta, from 2002 to 2005.

Bontatibus died on February 12, 2017, following a battle with cancer.

These include:

These include "Laws of Gambling" as Joey, "Lords of the Underworld" as Johnny, and "I Love You Came Too Late" as Scott Donovan.


</doc>
<doc id="3761307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3761307" title="Vladimir Kozlov">
Vladimir Kozlov

Oleg Aleksandrovich Prudius (; , "Oleh Oleksandrovych Prudius"; born April 27, 1979) better known by his ring name Vladimir Kozlov, is a Ukrainian-American producer and retired professional wrestler. He is best known for his time in WWE, where he won the WWE Tag Team Championship once with Santino Marella. He is trained in freestyle wrestling, rugby, football, sambo, kickboxing, judo, jujutsu, Brazilian jiu-jitsu and mixed martial arts.

Prudius has also worked as a stage and screen actor, notably having a small role in Spike Lee's "25th Hour"., and a walk-on role in the second season of the HBO series "The Wire". Prudius also had a role in "Grindhouse", appearing in the ""Werewolf Women of the SS"" trailer; in addition to his credit under his real name and his WWE persona for the appearance as well as being a former Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) Heavyweight Champion, Prudius was the first Ukrainian to ever wrestle for the WWE.

Prudius has won numerous achievements, becoming the 2005 USA Open Heavyweight Sambo Champion
and a United States Kick-Boxing Association (USKBA) International Heavyweight Grappling Champion. He has also played American football for the Ukrainian National Team as well as Santa Barbara City College.

On January 17, 2006, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) announced that Prudius had signed a developmental deal and was sent to Deep South Wrestling (DSW). On April 7, 2006, he debuted under his real name and had his first match in DSW against Bobby Walker.

On May 5, 2006, Prudius had his first untelevised WWE match during a house show in San Jose, California, defeating Rob Conway. The next night, at another house show in Sacramento, California, Matt Striker cut a promo on Prudius, calling him a "filthy immigrant", causing Prudius to attack him. Prudius then picked up the microphone and said he that he is "proud to be in America".

On the December 18, 2006 episode of "Raw", Prudius made an appearance as a WWE prospect named Vladimir Kozlov, which became his ring name. For the next several weeks, Kozlov was interviewed on WWE programming, proclaiming his love for "Double Double E" (WWE), but also began drawing a villainous response after declaring his superiority over whatever wrestlers were competing at the time, saying "I could beat both of them". He then was taken off television for over a year while working in the developmental system and participating in a number of dark matches, including one at Armageddon 2006, all of which he won.

On July 28, 2007 in Louisville, Kentucky, Kozlov won the OVW Heavyweight Championship by defeating Paul Burchill, but gave the championship the same night to Michael W. Kruel due to an agreement they made before.

On the April 4, 2008 episode of "SmackDown", Kozlov made his official WWE debut as a villain, with the unique quirk of having no entrance music and no Titantron video – his "entrance" consisted of complete darkness except for a solitary spotlight following him to the ring. He defeated Matt Bentley in his first match, and over the following weeks, Kozlov would go on to easily win several matches, first against local talent and then established names including Colin Delaney, Funaki, Nunzio, Shannon Moore, Jimmy Wang Yang, Jamie Noble, and Domino. On the July 11 episode of "SmackDown", Kozlov debuted an entrance theme and Titantron video as he defeated Stevie Richards.
In the following weeks, as Kozlov continued to easily win matches, he began demanding "better competition". On the September 12 episode of "SmackDown", he started to seek that competition, attacking Jeff Hardy. Over the following weeks, Kozlov would continue attacking both Hardy and the WWE Champion Triple H, eventually starting a loose feud between the three of them over the WWE Championship. On the November 7 episode of "SmackDown", Kozlov earned a match against Triple H for the WWE title at Survivor Series after defeating The Undertaker by disqualification after he was attacked by Jeff Hardy. The match was originally intended to include Kozlov, Jeff Hardy, and Triple H, although Hardy was removed due to a storyline injury. The result of this was the addition of Edge to the match while it was in progress, and ultimately Edge would go on to pin Triple H and win the title.

Continuing his pursuit of the WWE Championship, Kozlov competed in and was unsuccessful in winning a Beat the Clock Challenge match against ECW Champion Matt Hardy for another title shot. This led to the two meeting at Armageddon, where Kozlov gained his first pay-per-view win by defeating Hardy in a non-title match. Kozlov competed in the 2009 Royal Rumble match, entering as the sixth participant, but was eliminated by Triple H after eliminating The Great Khali, Carlito, and Montel Vontavious Porter. He then qualified to be part of the No Way Out Elimination Chamber match, where he was pinned for the first time after receiving a Last Ride from The Undertaker, though he still remained unpinned in one-on-one competition. Kozlov's undefeated streak in televised singles competition ended on the March 2, 2009 episode of "Raw", in which he was defeated by Shawn Michaels; this match was for the opportunity to face The Undertaker at WrestleMania XXV. His first televised singles loss on "SmackDown" came against The Undertaker himself on March 13.

On April 13, 2009, Kozlov was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 WWE draft, as ECW's only pick of the night. Shortly after the draft, his character was tweaked to further highlight the training he received within the Russian military. He won his first match on the brand when he easily defeated a local competitor. On the June 30 episode of "ECW on Syfy", he teamed with William Regal to defeat Christian and Tommy Dreamer. His first defeat in singles competition on ECW came on the July 9 episode of "ECW", where he lost a #1 contenders match to Christian for Tommy Dreamer's ECW Championship at Night of Champions.

On July 21, Kozlov began an angle with Ezekiel Jackson in which, week after week, after one of them had easily defeated a local competitor, the other would come out and execute their finishing move on the fallen opponent in a game of one-upmanship. On the August 18 episode of "ECW", Jackson was set to team with ECW Champion Christian against the team of Kozlov and number-one contender William Regal. Jackson turned on Christian, forming an alliance with Regal and Kozlov. Kozlov and Jackson aided Regal in his feud with Christian over the ECW Championship, but Regal was unable to capture the title.

On the December 15 episode of "ECW", Kozlov came out with Regal to face Jackson in an ECW Homecoming battle royal qualifying match. During the match, Regal turned on Kozlov by pulling his feet while at ringside, which ultimately cost him the match. After the match, Kozlov attempted to attack Regal, but Jackson jumped him from behind and both proceeded to attack Kozlov. This split Kozlov from the Ruthless Roundtable.

When the ECW brand came to an end, Kozlov, along with all other ECW talent, became a free agent. Kozlov would make his debut for the "Raw" brand on March 8, 2010 in a handicap gauntlet match with John Cena competing against Kozlov, Mr. McMahon, Batista, Mark Henry, Drew McIntyre and Jack Swagger. On the May 3 episode of "Raw", he would team again with his former tag team partner William Regal to face the WWE Tag Team Champions The Hart Dynasty, Kozlov and Regal were defeated when Regal tapped out to David Hart Smith's Sharpshooter.

On the May 10 episode of "Raw", he appeared backstage with Santino Marella, William Regal, and Flavor Flav in a backstage segment, where Marella asked to join him in a tag team. However, Kozlov refused to join, stating that "he (Marella) always loses". On the May 31 episode of "Raw", Kozlov turned face for the first time when he slammed William Regal behind the referee's back during a mixed tag team match, allowing Santino Marella and Eve Torres to pick up the win. On the June 7 episode of "Raw", he and Santino Marella were forced to compete in a dance-off, which Kozlov won. On June 14 episode of "Raw", Kozlov served as a special referee for the match between Regal and Marella which Marella won after Kozlov intentionally gave him a fast count. On the June 28 episode of "Raw", he fought Marella one on one with the stipulation being if Kozlov loses he would become Marella's tag team partner. He won, however, with Regal interfering after the match, Kozlov stopped Regal with a big boot to the chest and then carried Marella backstage. The following week, Kozlov teamed with Marella, defeating William Regal and The Great Khali. In the following weeks, Kozlov and Santino would continue their undefeated streak on both "Raw" and "Superstars".

At the Night of Champions, Kozlov and Marella competed in a tag team turmoil match for the WWE Tag Team Championship, but were unsuccessful as the titles were won by Drew McIntyre and Cody Rhodes. On the November 15 episode of "Raw", Kozlov and Marella defeated The Usos (Jimmy and Jey) to be number one contenders for WWE Tag Team Championship. Kozlov and Marella challenged Heath Slater and Justin Gabriel for the WWE Tag Team Championship at Survivor Series, but were unsuccessful.

On the December 6 episode of "Raw", Kozlov and Marella captured the WWE Tag Team Championship by defeating the defending champions Heath Slater and Justin Gabriel, Mark Henry and Yoshi Tatsu, and The Usos in a four-way elimination tag team match. At , Kozlov and Marella defeated Slater and Gabriel via disqualification to retain the title. The duo lost the tag team titles back to Slater and Gabriel at 2011 Elimination Chamber. Kozlov was supposed to be a part of an eight-man tag match at WrestleMania XXVII. However, during a WrestleMania Axxess match, he was attacked by The Corre, Kofi Kingston took his place at the event.

On March 8, Kozlov then became the Pro to Conor O'Brian on "NXT Redemption". On the March 22 episode of "NXT Redemption", Kozlov and his rookie O'Brian defeated JTG and his rookie Jacob Novak in a dance-off. Afterwards, Kozlov began teaching O'Brian sambo-like dancing and board breaking. O'Brian was eliminated on the June 28, episode of "NXT", being the fourth rookie eliminated from the competition. Kozlov would then go on to feud with JTG on "NXT", defeating JTG on three occasions. Kozlov's last WWE match was on the August 5 episode of "SmackDown", where he lost to Mark Henry. After the match, Henry (kayfabe) broke Kozlov's left leg before Sheamus came down to the ring and saved him from Henry. On the same day, WWE announced that Kozlov was released from his WWE contract.

On August 30, 2011, it was announced that Prudius would be making his first post-WWE appearance on September 3, working for the Japanese promotion Inoki Genome Federation (IGF) under his new ring name Alexander Kozlov. He made his debut on September 3 at "Genome17", losing to Eric Hammer in under three minutes. On December 2, Kozlov defeated Montanha Silva. On May 26, 2012, at the IGF Genome 20, Prudius battled Jérôme Le Banner for the IGF Championship, but lost in three minutes. On July 10, Prudius got a rematch for the title, but lost again to Jerome Le Banner. He has not wrestled since his last match for IGF, electing to focus on work as an actor and stuntman.

Prudius has made many television and film appearances and is actively pursuing an acting career in Hollywood. He appeared in the second season of the HBO drama series "The Wire", as well as "Roksalana" and "It's Not To Easy" on Ukrainian TV. In 2002, he appeared in Spike Lee's film "25th Hour", playing a Russian mafia enforcer. He appeared in the Russian military theatre play "Victory Day" and a Ukraine University play "Three Musketeers". In 2013 he was also featured in season 7, of USA Network's TV series, "Burn Notice". He was also a Stuntman for The Rock's movie "Fast & Furious 6", and for "John Wick 2". Oleg received his biggest acting break in the 2017 Chinese Blockbuster "Wolf Warriors 2".
In 2014, Prudius opened Quasar Entertainment, a full service production company where he's the company's Vice President. In 2019, he appeared in the Marvel series The Punisher in season 2.



 


</doc>
<doc id="3764919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3764919" title="Robert Z'Dar">
Robert Z'Dar

Robert James Zdarsky (June 3, 1950 – March 30, 2015), better known by his stage name Robert Z'Dar, was an American actor and film producer, best known for his role as officer Matt Cordell in the cult horror film "Maniac Cop" and its two sequels.

Z'Dar worked mainly in low-budget B-movies and direct-to-video features, but occasionally in mainstream Hollywood films and television. Due to his cherubism, a medical condition resulting in an enlarged jawline, Z'dar had a unique and easily recognizable look with a slightly sinister appearance, which aided his career as he usually portrayed villains.

A prolific actor, Z'Dar appeared in 121 films and television episodes over the course of his 29-year career.

Born in the West Lawn neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, Z'Dar was of Lithuanian descent. He first started acting while attending Proviso West High School in Hillside, Illinois. After high school, Z'Dar attended Arizona State University where he received a BFA and played on the university football team. After graduation, Z'Dar returned to Chicago where he was employed as a Chicago police officer, member of the band Nova Express, commercial jingle writer and Chippendales dancer.

Eventually Z'Dar moved to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting. His first feature film appearance was in the women in prison film "Hellhole" (1985).

Z'Dar appeared in several films, including "Hot Chili" (1985), "The Night Stalker" (1987), "Cherry 2000" (1987), "The Killing Game" (1988), and "Grotesque" (1988). Z'Dar's name became recognizable when he played Matt Cordell in 1988's "Maniac Cop", a film about a back from the dead hero NYPD cop turned evil avenger who brutally murders people. Z'Dar reprised his role in the 1990 sequel and "" (1993).

It was perhaps Z'Dar's performance in "Maniac Cop" that landed him the role of "Face" in 1989's "Tango & Cash", alongside action stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell. He went on to appear in films such as "The Final Sanction" (1990), "A Gnome Named Gnorm" (1990), "Killing American Style" (1990), "" (1991), "Mobsters" (1991), "Samurai Cop" (1991), "Return to Frogtown" (1993), "Marching Out of Time" (1993), "Death from Above" (2011), "Meltdown" (2009) and "Easter Sunday" (2014). It was Z'Dars performance and unique appearance in Tango and Cash that inspired Sean Pertwee's facial technique and make up in the film 'Dog Soldiers'. Sean was quoted as being inspired by Z'Dar because '[...] like me, he has unusual features that are almost designed to portray grimacing death with profound accuracy and very little effort'.

Robert Z'Dar appeared in more than 121 films and television episodes, with at least one film appearance per year in 27 of the last 29 years of his career (missing only 1986 and 2001). He continued making at least one film every year despite a serious back injury he suffered in 2002 on a movie set. Two of Z'Dar's films, "Soultaker" (1992) and "Future War" (1997) appeared in season 10 of "Mystery Science Theater 3000", increasing his renown somewhat.

In 2012, he was inducted to International Indie Filmmakers Hall of Fame at The Indie Gathering film festival

French electronic music producer Philippe Cerboneschi of Cassius changed his artist name to Philippe Zdar after seeing "Maniac Cop".

While appearing at Pensacon in Pensacola, Florida, Z'Dar was hospitalized for chest pains. He seemed to recover but subsequently went into cardiac arrest and died on March 30, 2015, after a month at the hospital.



</doc>
<doc id="3767772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3767772" title="Wes Johnson">
Wes Johnson

Wes Johnson (born June 6, 1961) is an American actor, cartoonist, comedian and voice artist, who has appeared in such films as "A Dirty Shame", "Head of State", "The Invasion", "For Richer or Poorer" and "Hearts in Atlantis". He has appeared on television in "", "The Wire", and "Veep". Wes is married to his childhood sweetheart Kim Barrett Johnson. They are the parents of three sons.

Wes co-presented with the legendary Wolfman Jack for two years on his last nationally syndicated radio show, writing comedy sketches and performing them with the Wolfman live on a weekly basis. Wes has written for and appeared in various comedy troupes including Fresh Victims, Gross National Product, and The Loyal Opposition. He also created the comic strips "Martini 'N Clyde" and "Joe Fan", which have been published in "The Washington Times" and "Sports Fan Magazine", respectively.

Wes is the P.A. announcer for the National Hockey League's Washington Capitals.

Wes was the series announcer for "America's Most Wanted" on FOX until December 2009, replacing Don LaFontaine in September 2008.

Wes filmed the pilot "Bennie's" with Ed Asner in summer 2016. He portrayed a character named "Walter".

Wes' voice has appeared in cartoons, commercials and video games.

He provided voice acting for three installments of "The Elder Scrolls": "", "", and "". He voiced Lucien Lachance, the Gray Fox, the Arena Announcer, Sheogorath, Hermaeus Mora, Emperor Titus Mede II and was the default voice for Imperial males in "Oblivion". In 2014, Johnson reprised the role of Sheogorath for the YouTube series "Elder Scrolls Lore" by the channel "ShoddyCast". Later in 2015 he voiced the super mutant King Ludd as well as Scribe Bigsley in "ShoddyCast's" "The storyteller: A Fallout Lore Series".

He also lent his voice to "", which features the voices of all five original TV Captains, and the video game "".

He appeared in "Fallout 3" as the nefarious Mister Burke as well as the Super Mutants Fawkes and Uncle Leo, the Protectrons, Sentry Bots, and Scribe Bigsley. In "Fallout 4" he reprised the Protectrons, as well as playing The Silver Shroud and Moe Cronin.

He plays Z'aanta in Square Enix's Octopath Traveller.

Wes has appeared on "The Shari Elliker Show" on WBAL in Baltimore, Maryland, "Broadminded" on XM 155, and reviewed movies weekly for "The Chip Franklin Show" on KOGO in San Diego, California.

He appeared as a guest narrator for symphonic black metal band Epicland on the album "Bound for Greatness".

He also has a YouTube channel.



</doc>
<doc id="3770724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3770724" title="Alessandro Nivola">
Alessandro Nivola

Alessandro Antine Nivola (born June 28, 1972) is an American and British actor and producer who has starred in feature films such as "Face/Off", "Jurassic Park III", "American Hustle", "A Most Violent Year", and a brief appearance in "Selma".

Nivola was born in Boston, Massachusetts. His mother, Virginia (née Davis), is an artist, and his father, Pietro Salvatore Nivola (born 1944), was a professor of political science. Nivola's paternal grandfather was the Italian sculptor Costantino Nivola, and his paternal grandmother, Ruth Guggenheim, was a Jewish refugee from Germany. Nivola has described his mother as "a WASP, from the South", and has stated that she is a relative of Confederate President Jefferson Davis. He was born first of two boys; his brother, Adrian, followed later. Nivola attended Phillips Exeter Academy and Yale University. His family also lived in Burlington, Vermont, where he attended Mater Christi School, a ministry of the Sisters of Mercy.

Nivola earned a Drama Desk Award nomination for his first performance on the New York stage in the 1995 Broadway production of "A Month In The Country" opposite Helen Mirren. Since then he has starred in numerous films including David O. Russell's "American Hustle" which earned him a Screen Actors Guild Award. Among his other films are Lisa Cholodenko's "Laurel Canyon" (Independent Spirit Award nomination for best supporting actor), "Coco Before Chanel", "Junebug", "Mansfield Park", Kenneth Branagh's "Love's Labour's Lost", "Jurassic Park III", "Goal 1" and "2", "The Eye", "I Want You", "Best Laid Plans", "Janie Jones", "Five Dollars A Day", and John Woo's "Face/Off" (Blockbuster Entertainment Award nomination). In 2009 he was given the Excellence in Acting Award at the Provincetown International Film Festival.

In 2013, Nivola was among "The New York Times" critics' pics for an Oscar nomination for his performance opposite Elle Fanning and Annette Bening in Sally Potter's film "Ginger & Rosa". In 2013, he appeared in the drama film "Devil's Knot", about the West Memphis Three, and in 2014, in the thriller "A Most Violent Year". He returned to the theater and starred in the 2010 Off-Broadway revival of Sam Shepard's "A Lie Of The Mind" directed by Ethan Hawke. In 2013 he starred as Sir Robert Morton in the Broadway revival of Terrence Rattigan's "The Winslow Boy". He returned to Broadway in the fall of 2014 starring opposite Bradley Cooper in a revival of "The Elephant Man". In 2012, Nivola established the film and television production company King Bee Productions with his wife, actress Emily Mortimer. Their first project was a six-part television series called "Doll & Em" which Nivola produced and Mortimer wrote and starred in. The program aired on Sky Living in the UK and on HBO in the United States in 2014.

Nivola married British actress Emily Mortimer in Buckinghamshire in January 2003. The couple have two children and live in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn. Nivola became a British citizenship as Mortimer became an American citizen.



</doc>
<doc id="3770860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3770860" title="Godfrey (comedian)">
Godfrey (comedian)

Godfrey C. Danchimah, Jr. (born July 21, 1969), professionally known as Godfrey, is an American comedian and actor who has appeared on BET, VH1, Comedy Central, and feature films, such as "Soul Plane", "Original Gangstas", "Zoolander", and "Johnson Family Vacation". He was also a spokesperson for 7 Up during the popular '7up yours' advertising campaign. He was also a cast member on the first season of "The It Factor", a reality television show. Currently, he is a regular performer at the comedy club Comedy Cellar in New York City. He is also known for doing the voices of Mr. Stubborn and Mr. Tall (Season 2) in "The Mr. Men Show" and hosting the FOX game show "Bullseye". Godfrey also hosted his own radio show on SiriusXM until he parted ways with the show on July 1st, 2019. He now hosts and owns a podcast called In Godfrey We Trust on the Gas Digital Network. He is also known for collaborating with other social media stars such as King Bach, Destorm Power and etc.

Godfrey's parents are from Nigeria. Their Nigerian heritage is of the Igbo tribe. They immigrated to the USA to escape the Nigerian Civil War. Godfrey is a nephew of Nigerian musician Sonny Okosun.

Godfrey was born in Lincoln, Nebraska on July 21, 1969. Soon after, the family settled in Chicago where Godfrey grew up. He attended Lane Technical College Preparatory High School and received an academic scholarship to the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, where he majored in psychology.

At the University of Illinois, he made the varsity football team and performed at a traditional talent show for new team members. He stole the show, performing impressions of his coaches and teammates and discovered his comedic talent.

Godfrey honed his stand-up skills at the All Jokes Aside comedy club in Chicago in the early 1990s. In 1995, Godfrey made his New York debut at Carolines on Broadway and the Comic Strip Live and was soon signed by the William Morris Talent Agency. He began working regularly in television, first behind the cameras as a warm-up comedian for "The Cosby Show" and "Soul Man". His first on-camera appearance featured him performing stand-up comedy for NBC's "Friday Night Videos", followed by more small television and film roles. In 2000, Godfrey appeared in the Aspen Comedy Festival and on Comedy Central's "Premium Blend". He also played a comical role in the movie "Soul Plane", acting as an African pilot. He has also been in numerous episodes of BET's "Comic View".

A self-styled karate master, he continues to do film and television work alongside his stand-up career in New York. His first one-hour special, "Godfrey: Black by Accident" was shot for Comedy Central on January 22, 2011 at the Gramercy Theatre in New York City to a standing room only audience.

As a guest of Mike Ward's show called "F*ck les varietes", part of the Just for Laughs 2012 festival of Montreal, his performance was highly acclaimed. In the following year, he had his own solo show called "The Godfrey Complex" in the same festival for a whole week.

His second one-hour special, "Godfrey: Regular Black" was shot in Chicago, his home town, on August 12, 2016.






</doc>
<doc id="3772139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3772139" title="Frank Parker (actor)">
Frank Parker (actor)

Frank Russell Parker (July 1, 1939 – September 16, 2018) was an American television actor.

Parker was best known as Shawn Brady, husband to Caroline (Peggy McCay) on "Days of Our Lives". He portrayed the character semi-regularly from 1983 to 2008, when he started having health issues and made the decision to leave. In order to write Parker's character out of the show, "Days of Our Lives" writers had Shawn die in February 2008 after giving up his oxygen mask to save his son, Bo (Peter Reckell), on a sabotaged airplane that was going down. Parker subsequently retired from acting the following month. He also had some small roles in "Never Too Young", "The Young and the Restless" and "General Hospital."

Other acting credits include multiple episodes of "Lost in Space", "Hogan's Heroes", "Battlestar Galactica", "CHiPs", and "Quincy, M.E." Until the mid-1970s, he was usually credited as "Brett Parker."

He had three daughters: Candace (1982–98) and twins Lindsay and Danielle (born 1984). His daughter Candace died in a car accident. He resided in Vacaville, California. On September 16, 2018, Parker died from complications of Parkinson's Disease and dementia.


</doc>
<doc id="3781033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3781033" title="Andy Daly">
Andy Daly

Andrew Daly (born April 15, 1971) is an American actor, comedian, and writer. He starred as Forrest MacNeil on the Comedy Central series "Review", and had a supporting role in the HBO comedy series "Eastbound & Down" as Terrence Cutler. He has also made recurring appearances on television programs such as "Silicon Valley", "Modern Family", "Black-ish", "Trial & Error", the Netflix series "The Who Was? Show", "Reno 911!", and "Comedy Bang! Bang!" as well as animated shows such as "Bob's Burgers" and "Adventure Time".

Daly was born in Mount Kisco, New York, and was raised in New Jersey. He graduated in 1989 from Ridgewood High School in Ridgewood, New Jersey, and then attended Ithaca College, where he received a bachelor's degree in drama.

After college, Daly moved to New York City, where he performed, along with Andy Secunda, in the sketch comedy duo The Two Andys, which appeared at the 1999 Aspen Comedy Festival. He was also a part of the Mainstage company at Chicago City Limits as an improvisational actor.

When the Upright Citizens Brigade relocated to New York from Chicago in 1996, Daly was one of the first New Yorkers to study improvisation with the group and performed in many of the earliest shows produced by the UCB. He was a member of the long-form improvisation group The Swarm, which was assembled and directed by Amy Poehler.

During the late 1990s, Daly appeared frequently in sketches on "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" and lent his voice to Robert Smigel's "TV Funhouse" cartoons on "Saturday Night Live".

In 2000, Daly joined the cast of "MADtv". He was a featured player in the show's 6th season and returned as a full cast member the following season.

He next appeared on television in the main cast of Comedy Central's parody news show "Crossballs" and later played several different characters on "Reno 911!", recurring as "Brad the Friendly Homeowner". He also worked as a correspondent on "The Showbiz Show with David Spade" for all three seasons and as an advocate on both seasons of "Lewis Black's Root of All Evil".

In 2007, Daly appeared as a Benjamin Franklin impersonator in an episode of "The Office" entitled "Ben Franklin".

In 2008, Daly joined the cast of the HBO series "Eastbound & Down" as Terrence Cutler. Daly also was the host of the 2008 pilot episode of Match Game.

He made frequent appearances on HBO's "The Life and Times of Tim", Adult Swim's "Delocated", and IFC's "Comedy Bang! Bang!" as well as "Adventure Time", for which he provided the voices of Wyatt and The King of Ooo. He is also the voice of Krombopolous Michael on "Rick and Morty".

Daly appeared in the NBC sitcom "The Paul Reiser Show", which was a midseason replacement for the 2010–11 television season. The show was cancelled after two episodes.

Starting in 2014, Daly has guest starred in the ABC sitcom "Modern Family" as Principal Brown and has also played recurring roles on ABC’s "Blackish", HBO’s "Silicon Valley", and NBC’s "Trial & Error".

From 2014 to 2017, Daly starred in, executive produced, and wrote episodes of the Comedy Central series "Review", which he co-adapted from the Australian series "Review with Myles Barlow".

Since 2016, Daly has been the spokesman in commercials for CarMax.

Daly has appeared in numerous films, most notably as courtside announcer Dick Pepperfield in the 2008 film "Semi-Pro" starring Will Ferrell.

In 2004, Daly appeared in the movie "Christmas with the Kranks" as a shopper who is bribed by Jamie Lee Curtis' character Nora Krank into giving her a Christmas ham.

In 2010, Daly co-starred as Mayor Brown in the 3D live action/CGI film version of "Yogi Bear" and appeared in "She's Out of My League" as Fuller.

He had a small role in the 2011 film, "" as a mailroom worker.

In 2016, he played Principal Dwight in "" which was directed by Steve Carr.

Daly does many different characters in his stand-up. In 2007, a character named "Jerry O'Hearn" was featured on the "Comedy Death-Ray" compilation album. In 2008, Daly released the critically acclaimed "Nine Sweaters", a comedy album compiled from a nine-week residency at Comedy Death-Ray's Tuesday night shows, on AST Records.

In December 2010, Daly performed stand-up on "The Benson Interruption" on Comedy Central.

Daly has made a number of appearances on podcasts such as "Comedy Bang! Bang!", "Superego", "How Did This Get Made?", "The Nerdist Podcast", and "Never Not Funny". In 2014, he began hosting the limited-run Earwolf podcast "The Andy Daly Podcast Pilot Project", which continued in 2018 with a second season of 8 episodes.

Daly lives in Los Angeles and is married to actress Carri Levinson. They have two daughters.



</doc>
<doc id="3785350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3785350" title="Brian Tochi">
Brian Tochi

Brian Tochi or Brian Keith Tochi (born Brian Keith Tochihara, born May 2, 1959) is an American actor. During the late 1960s through much of the 1970s, he was one of the most widely seen East Asian child actors working in U.S. television, appearing in various TV series and nearly a hundred advertisements. He is best known for his characters Toshiro Takashi from the "Revenge of the Nerds" film franchise, Cadet (later Lieutenant) Tomoko Nogata from the third and fourth films in the "Police Academy" film series, and as the voice of Leonardo in the first three live-action "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" movies.

A beginning role for Tochi was a guest-starring appearance in the short-lived television series "He & She" (1967–68, with Richard Benjamin and Paula Prentiss) as their newly adopted son. Produced by Leonard Stern and cowritten by Chris Hayward and Allan Burns, it also starred Jack Cassidy as an egomaniacal actor, Kenneth Mars, and Hamilton Camp. That same year saw Tochi appearing in "And the Children Shall Lead", a third-season episode of "". Other roles followed, including guest appearances on such popular shows as "The Brady Bunch", "The Partridge Family" and "Adam-12".

Tochi's debut as a series regular was as Yul Brynner's oldest son and heir Crown Prince Chulalongkorn in "Anna and the King" on CBS. It was based on the film version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's "The King and I" and also starred Samantha Eggar and Keye Luke. Although the series was short-lived, Tochi and Brynner remained friends until Brynner's death in 1985. Concurrent with the series, Tochi was cast with fellow actor Luke in his first animated television series "The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan"; also in the series was a young Jodie Foster, who voiced one of the Chan sisters.

After both series ended, guest-starring roles followed, including "The Streets of San Francisco" with Karl Malden and Michael Douglas; and "Kung Fu", with David Carradine, who made his directing debut on the episode, "The Demon God" (which was Tochi's largest guest role of three "Kung Fu" episodes he appeared in). Tochi also played an undercover informant who was beaten and killed in a gritty two-part episode of "Police Story" on NBC. He played another character that nearly died on the Robert Young medical drama "Marcus Welby, M.D.".

During the mid-1970s, Tochi spent time in the theatre, this time reprising his role as Crown Prince Chulalongkorn in the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera's revival of the musical "The King and I" at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion. There he co-starred with actor Ricardo Montalbán, as the King of Siam, to which they would later accompany the show as it went on tour.

Tochi returned to star in another TV series "Space Academy" (1977–1979) with veteran actor Jonathan Harris (best remembered as Dr. Smith from "Lost in Space"). His character, Tee Gar Soom, had super-strength and continued the martial arts traditions of his Asian ancestors. During hiatus of the show, Tochi was asked to shoot a 20-minute promotional "behind-the-scenes" visit to the Space Academy for a popular daytime series, "Razzmatazz", on CBS. "Razzmatazz" was a highly regarded news magazine show created by "60 Minutes" wizard Don Hewitt and produced by Joel Heller with the same production team as CBS's "In The News" the long-running Saturday morning news programs for children. "Razzmatazz" originally starred Barry Bostwick, who opted to leave the show for a career in features, to capitalize on his recently released cult classic "The Rocky Horror Picture Show". Searching for a new host, the television network persuaded Tochi to accept their offer of his own daytime show, which aired on the network for 4 more years into the early 1980s.

Other appearances include a guest stint on "Wonder Woman", a recurring character in the tropically set "Hawaii Five-O", starring actor Jack Lord, a two-hour TV movie "We're Fighting Back" (with Ellen Barkin and Stephen Lang), and regular television roles in the TV dramas "St. Elsewhere" and "Santa Barbara". He later played featured characters in episodes of "" (making him one of only a handful of living actors to ever have appeared on the original "" series and a subsequent spin-off), and "Wong's Lost and Found Emporium", the ninth episode from the first season of the television series "The Twilight Zone". The episode is based on the short story "Wong's Lost and Found Emporium" with Tochi playing the title character, by William F. Wu, first published in "Amazing Stories". This episode was stretched into a half-hour run time for syndication, as recently shown on the Chiller TV network.

In the short lived ABC TV series "The Renegades," he starred with his friend, Patrick Swayze, as the martial arts expert and former gang leader known as Dragon. Then, exercising his journalistic prowess, Tochi later became part of the core team that created and developed the cutting edge educational news program "Channel One News." During his two-and-a-half-year association, his responsibilities grew to include Hosting and Narrating duties, utilizing his talents as a writer, producer and segment director. He was later named Chief Foreign correspondent for the show.

In 2004, Tochi co-wrote, produced and directed "Tales of a Fly on the Wall", a scripted, live-action comedy, casting several of his friends in lead roles; it included fellow actors Roscoe Lee Browne, his "Revenge of the Nerds" co-star Curtis Armstrong and his "" co-star Leslie Easterbrook. In 2005, he was one of the winners of the Hollywood Film Festival's Hollywood Screenplay Awards, taking home top honors for co-writing the screenplay "In the Heat of the Light". He continues with his directing, producing, and screenwriting careers.

Tochi has also provided voices for numerous animated films, computer games and animated cartoon series, including the "Bionic Six" (all 65 episodes), "Challenge of the GoBots", "Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo", "What's New, Scooby-Doo?", "The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest", and "" (as its main star Liu Kang). He performed the voice of Leonardo in the first three "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" films in the early 1990s. He also is the voice of the Chinese soldier who runs the Great Wall in Disney's "Mulan", and more recently had recurring roles in "Batman Beyond", "As Told by Ginger", "Kim Possible", "Johnny Bravo", "Static Shock", "Family Guy" and "" on Nickelodeon.


</doc>
<doc id="3789255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3789255" title="Rob Bartlett">
Rob Bartlett

Robert James Bartlett (born May 18, 1957) is an American comedian, actor, impressionist, and writer, who gained widespread fame on the radio show "Imus in the Morning".

Bartlett appeared on the 'Imus in the Morning' show beginning in the spring of 1987, first on New York City's WNBC-AM (660) radio then WFAN-AMradio, WABC-AM (770) radio as a regular writer and performer until the program's final broadcast on March 29th 2018. His earlier characters included Tom Carvel Manuel Antonio Noriega, fictional comedians "Shecky Bhuta' and "Buddy" Miyagi", In the years on the show, some of his characters included: The Godfather, Andrew Dice Clay, Dr. Phil McGraw, Rush Limbaugh, Paula Deen, Larry King, Bill Clinton, Gary Busey, Hulk Hogan, Brian Wilson (of the Beach Boys), Ringo Starr, Bob Dylan, Yoko Ono, and Rodrigo Duterte. Not all of his characters consist of celebrity caricatures. One long-running recurring character was named Blind Mississippi White Boy Pig Feets Dupris, an old blues musician from Louisiana. His first character on the show was 'Sal Monella', a Brooklyn 'Gavonne', whose 'Night Before Christmas in Brooklyn' poem has become a holiday tradition for the past 30 years.

Bartlett wrote all the material he performed on the "Imus" show.

Bartlett started in stand-up comedy at Richard M. Dixon's White House Inn, a talent showcase club on Long Island. While working there, he met Eddie Murphy, and together formed two-thirds of the improvisational trio "The Identical Triplets". After the two separated, he headlined at the Sands Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, Tropicana Casino & Resort Atlantic City, Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods Resort Casino. He also appeared as a stand up comedian on the MTV Half Hour Comedy Hour, Standup Spotlight on VH1 and on Late Night with David Letterman and Conan O'Brien. 
For a brief stint in 1993, Bartlett was one of the three original hosts of the World Wrestling Federation's "Monday Night Raw", along with Randy 'Macho Man' Savage and Vince McMahon. His commentary was poorly received, as he had little knowledge of the wrestling business. His final appearance on the professional wrestling program was April 19, 1993.

He is also an accomplished stage actor. He made his Broadway debut in "More to Love", which he wrote and starred in, with Dana Reeve and Joyce Van Patten. In 1999 he starred in "Tabletop", for which he received a Drama Desk Award. His Broadway roles include Amos Hart in "Chicago the Musical", Herman in "Sweet Charity" with Christina Applegate, originated the role of Mr. Mushnik in the Broadway production of "Little Shop of Horrors", Speed in the Nathan Lane/Matthew Broderick revival of Neil Simon's "The Odd Couple." 

On Network Television, Bartlett had a recurring role as Defense Attorney Milton Schoenfeld on Law & Order SVU, where, among his clients were Margo Kidder and Henry Winkler. He also played 'Troy the Security Guard' in the series 'Ugly Betty. He guest starred in a three episode story arc as Bond Attorney, Bernie Bucovitz, on the final season of The Good Wife. 

Rob wrote and starred in the Public Television special, Rob Bartlett's Not For Profit T.V. Special, produced by Connecticut Public Television (CPTV), was nominated for five Emmy Awards and won for Best Writing and Best Entertainment Program.

He was one of the writers and performers of 'The Ruthless Spectator' Sketch Comedy Website, and'Ruthless Spectator Presents', a sketch comedy series created from the website, on Amazon Prime Video.

He was co-writer and star of 'Dr. Mantis Insect Analyst', an animated short in which he voiced the character of 'Fred the Caterpillar'. 'Mantis' won many laurels on the Domestic and International Film Festival Circuits, and won 'Best Animated Short' in the Nice Film Festival in 2018.

He was also the voice of Marty the Dog in the hit animated children's show "Kenny the Shark". 

His feature film roles include "Table One", "Spin the Bottle", voiced Boss Baker Bunny in the animated film "The Easter Egg Adventure", and portrayed Rick the Cantanierous Nightclub Owner in 
'All in Time"

In 2011, Bartlett returned to Broadway in the revival of "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying", starring Daniel Radcliffe. Bartlett played the dual roles of 'Twimble' and 'Wally Womper'. .

On the final season of "Elementary" in Summer 2019, Bartlett played the recurring character of 'Captain Bill Dwyer' in a 5-Episode Story Arc. 

Bartlett continues to make appearances in venues throughout the United States.

He is an advocate, fundraiser, board member and trustee of The Long Island Crohn's and Colitis Foundation. Both he and one of his sons suffer from Crohn's.

Bartlett attended Alfred University in New York State during the late 70's. He lives on Long Island with his wife Sharon and their four sons.



</doc>
<doc id="3792520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3792520" title="Joshua Harris (actor)">
Joshua Harris (actor)

Joshua Harris (born November 27, 1978) is an American former child actor, former baseball player, and television producer. He is known for playing Christopher Ewing on the primetime soap opera "Dallas" from 1985 to 1991.

Harris began acting at the age of six and appeared on television from 1984 to 1993. As Bobby and Pam Ewing's adopted son Christopher Ewing, he was a regular cast member on "Dallas" from 1985 through 1991. He guest starred on other series including "Falcon Crest", "Twin Peaks", "", and "The Commish". He also appeared in several television movie roles based on true stories. The first was "A Death in California" (1985), in which he played the youngest child of Cheryl Ladd's character. His best known movie role was playing a boy dying of AIDS in the made-for-TV film "Go Toward the Light" (1988). He again appeared with Cheryl Ladd in "Locked Up: A Mother's Rage" (1991).

At the age of 15, Harris began playing baseball in school, and continued to play in college. After graduating from the University of San Diego with a bachelor's degree in Business, he played professionally for the Chicago Cubs' minor-league affiliate the Lansing Lugnuts for one season.

Following this he became a producer for production company New Wave Entertainment. In 2006, he started his own production company, 4th Wall Entertainment, specializing in television development, documentaries, commercials, feature films, and digital platforms.


</doc>
<doc id="3793726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3793726" title="Jackson Rathbone">
Jackson Rathbone

Monroe Jackson Rathbone V (born December 14, 1984) is an American actor and musician known for his role as Jasper Hale in "The Twilight Saga" series.

Rathbone was born in Singapore, the son of American parents Randee Lynn (née Brauner) and Monroe Jackson Rathbone IV. He has three sisters, including ceramic artist Kelly Rathbone. 

Rathbone is distantly related to Civil War general Stonewall Jackson and British actor Basil Rathbone. His great-grandfather, Monroe Jackson Rathbone II, was the chairman of Standard Oil of New Jersey, which later became Exxon. Because of his father's job at Mobil Oil, Rathbone has lived in places ranging from Norway, Indonesia to Midland, Texas. 

He attended Trinity School of Midland, a college preparatory school, and started out in local theater in Midland with the youth actors program "The Pickwick Players", initially doing musical theatre. For his junior and senior years of high school, Rathbone attended the Interlochen Arts Academy, a private school for the arts in Michigan, where he majored in acting. After graduation, he had planned to go to the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, but went instead to Los Angeles to experiment with film acting.

After being in Los Angeles for a short time, Rathbone was cast in "Disney 411", where he interviewed up-and-coming personalities like Hilary Duff and the sister duo Aly & AJ. He also had guest roles on "The O.C." and "Close to Home". His film roles include work in "Molding Clay", "Pray for Morning", and "Travis and Henry". In 2005, he got the role of Nicholas Fiske in ABC Family's original series "Beautiful People". In a 2008 interview, he stated it was his first leading role and was his most difficult role to fit into. Rathbone also played a role in "Criminal Minds" as Adam and Amanda.

In 2008, he played Jasper Hale in the film "Twilight", based on the best-selling novel by Stephenie Meyer. He reprised his role in the sequels to "Twilight", "", "" and "" and . In 2009, Rathbone played Jeremy in "S. Darko". In addition to that role, he won kudos for his performance as a serial killer on "Criminal Minds". Rathbone played the role of Sokka in "The Last Airbender", a 2010 film based on Though the film was a commercial hit, it was universally panned by critics, particularly for Rathbone, a white actor, playing the role of an originally Inuit character.

Rathbone formerly performed in a band called 100 Monkeys with two friends whom he met in high school at Interlochen Arts Academy, Ben Graupner and Ben Johnson, as well as close friends Jerad Anderson and M. Lawrence Abrams ("Uncle Larry"). The band released three albums in 2009. In December 2009, 100 Monkeys began a 100-city tour that took them to nearly every state in the US by mid-2010. The band continued to tour into 2011 to coincide with the release of their new album, "Liquid Zoo", which was released in June. The band headed overseas for their first international dates in winter 2011.

Rathbone appeared in an episode of "No Ordinary Family" on November 9, 2010. In November 2010, it was reported he had been cast in the Warner Premiere and Dolphin Entertainment action comedy web series "Aim High" alongside Aimee Teegarden. The show in which he portrays Nick Green, a high school junior who's just starting a new school year as one of the country's 64 highly trained teenage operatives, premiered on October 18, 2011, on Facebook being the first "social series" ever created.

In May 2011, Rathbone began shooting "Live at the Foxes Den", a film in which he plays the lead role of lawyer Bobby Kelly.

In November 2014, Rathbone joined the cast of "Pali Road".

Rathbone has a production company, PatchMo Entertainment, and a record company, Happy Jack Records.

Rathbone resides in Austin, TX and enjoys music, writing, singing and producing. 

Rathbone and his then girlfriend, Sheila Hafsadi, had a son, Monroe Jackson Rathbone VI, on July 5, 2012. Close friend and "Twilight" co-star Nikki Reed is the godmother. He and Hafsadi married on September 29, 2013. On May 31, 2016, he and Hafsadi welcomed their second child, a daughter named Presley Bowie Rathbone. The couple were expecting a third child in late 2019. On December 31st they welcome their third child a son named Felix Valleau Rathbone.
On September 18, 2014, Rathbone was on board JetBlue Flight 1416 en route from Long Beach, California to Austin, Texas when its engine exploded. The plane returned to Long Beach and made an emergency landing. There were four injuries, but all passengers survived.

Rathbone is an honorary board member for Little Kids Rock, a national nonprofit that works to restore and revitalize music education in disadvantaged U.S. public schools. He has shown support for the organization in several ways, including donating a signed "Twilight" script for auction, visiting a Little Kids Rock classroom, and delivering instruments to students.



</doc>
<doc id="3794436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3794436" title="Van Hansis">
Van Hansis

Van Hansis (born Evan Vanfossen Hansis on September 25, 1981 in North Adams, Massachusetts) is an American actor. Hansis portrayed Luke Snyder on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" from December 14, 2005 until the show's final episode September 17, 2010. The son of long running characters on the series, Luke is known for a gay romantic storyline cited as one of the first in American daytime television.

Hansis has had guest roles on several television series and starred in the 2011 thriller film "Occupant". In December 2012, he began playing the role of Thom in the dark comedy web series "EastSiders". Hansis later played Jess Gibson in the 2013 horror film "Devil May Call", and starred as Dusty in the 2015 LGBT mystery film "Kiss Me, Kill Me".

Hansis was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award in 2007, 2008 and 2009 for his "As the World Turns" role, and was nominated again in 2016 for his role on "EastSiders".

Hansis was born in North Adams, Massachusetts, but moved to Greenfield in the third grade when his mother became a principal in the Gill-Montague Regional School District. He attended Four Corners School and later the Greenfield Center School. Hansis began acting in theater camp as a child. He attended high school at a boarding school called Walnut Hill School for the Arts in Natick, because, he says, he knew by then he wanted to be an actor "and it was a good school for that".

Hansis graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2004, receiving a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Acting from the School of Drama.

Hansis appeared in the play "The Laramie Project" in Pittsburgh in 2002, and later worked at the Williamstown Theatre Festival in Massachusetts in productions including "On the Razzle" and "The Witching Hour" in 2005.

Hansis portrayed Luke Snyder on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" from December 14, 2005 until the show's final episode September 17, 2010. Luke, previously played by Jake Weary, is the son of one of the series' long running supercouples, Holden and Lily Snyder (played by Jon Hensley and Martha Byrne, later Noelle Beck). Shortly after Hansis took over the role, the character came out as gay on May 9, 2006. Luke subsequently became involved in a romance with another male character, a pairing eventually hailed as the first gay supercouple in American soap opera history. The August 17, 2007 kiss between Luke and Noah Mayer (played by Jake Silbermann) was the first ever gay male kiss on an American daytime drama. Hansis was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for portraying Luke in 2007, 2008 and 2009.

From September 2007 to mid-January 2008, Hansis appeared off-Broadway as Lance Sussman in a production of Charles Busch's "Die, Mommie, Die!".

In 2011, Hansis guest starred in the "Psych" episode "This Episode Sucks" as Adrian Viccellio, and the "Nikita" episode "Clawback" as Yuri Levrov. He next appeared in the 2012 "The Mentalist" episode "Red Is The New Black" as Derek.

In 2012, Hansis began starring as Thom in the dark comedy web series "EastSiders", which explores the aftermath of infidelity on a gay couple in Silverlake, Los Angeles. He has been nominated for two Indie Series Awards for the role, in 2014 and 2016, as well as a 2016 Daytime Emmy nomination.

Hansis starred as Danny Hill in the thriller film "Occupant", which premiered on the opening night of the Gotham Screen Film Festival & Screenplay Contest in New York City on October 14, 2011. He next appeared as Jess Gibson in the 2013 horror film "Devil May Call". In 2015, Hansis starred as Dusty in the LGBT mystery film "Kiss Me, Kill Me".




Hansis came out as gay in "The Fight Magazine" in May 2014, in an interview with his "EastSiders" costar and creator, Kit Williamson. He has been with his partner Tyler Hanes since 2007.

Hansis was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award in 2007, 2008 and 2009 for portraying Luke on "As the World Turns", and was nominated again in 2016 for his role as Thom on "EastSiders". He has also been nominated for two Indie Series Awards for "EastSiders", in 2014 and 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="3796390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3796390" title="Olamide Faison">
Olamide Faison

Olamidé Aladejobi Patrick Alexander Faison (; born July 21, 1983) is an American actor and singer.

He plays Miles Robinson on the children's television show "Sesame Street". Born in New York City, Faison joined the cast in 2003. He is the third actor to play the role, after Miles Orman and Imani Patterson.

Faison is the lead singer and the guitarist for the Universal/Motown group Imajin. He spends much of his time between tapings of "Sesame Street", practicing in the halls of the Kaufman Astoria Studios, where the show is shot. In 2010, Faison contributed background vocals on the song "Skybourne" from Currensy's 2010 album "Pilot Talk".

Olamidé is the youngest brother of Donald Faison, who starred in the NBC sitcom "Scrubs". His name is of Yoruba origin, meaning "my wealth has come."
He is the ex-boyfriend of Bad Girls Club's Natalie Nunn.



</doc>
<doc id="3797272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3797272" title="Joel Fabiani">
Joel Fabiani

Joel Fabiani (born September 28, 1936 in Watsonville, California) is an American film, television and theater actor. Generally most famous for the British TV series "Department S", he has also guest starred in "The FBI", "Barnaby Jones", "The Streets of San Francisco", "Banacek", "Cannon", "The Rockford Files" and "Starsky and Hutch".

His film appearances include "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977), "Reuben, Reuben" (1983) and "Tune In Tomorrow" (1990), and he has also had recurring roles in soap operas such as "Dallas", "Dynasty", "As the World Turns", and "All My Children".

Fabiani was born in Watsonville, California, as the youngest of three children to parents whose backgrounds were a mix of Italian, Austrian, Irish and Native American roots. The family moved a lot, so young Joel attended a total of no less than 17 different schools. After graduating from high school, he joined the Army, then went to college, where he earned a degree in English and became interested in acting. After graduation, he studied at the Actors Workshop in San Francisco for two years.

At the San Francisco Actors Workshop, he learned acting, as well as stagecraft, and appeared in plays such as "The Alchemist" (1960, as Kastril), "Saint's Day" and "Twinkling of an Eye", as well as classics such as "King Lear".

After two years at the Workshop, he moved to New York, where he started out playing in summer stock and Off-Broadway productions. He appeared in "One Way Pendulum" (1961), was an understudy for Robert Shaw and Alan Bates in a Broadway production of "The Caretaker" (1961), had his Broadway debut in "The Affair" (1962), and played in "A Thousand Clowns", "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum", and others, plus more Shakespeare, such as "Romeo and Juliet", "Richard II", and "Henry IV, Part 1", as well as the U.S. tour of "Beyond The Fringe" (1965).

He became the star of a series of commercials for a cigarette, in which he played what Fabiani himself described as a "watered-down James Bond character", usually wearing a tuxedo and being surrounded by beautiful girls while smoking that particular brand of cigarette. His first small roles on television shows were in "Love of Life" and "The Doctors" (in 1963, and later again in 1968), "Look Up and Live" (1964) and "Dark Shadows" (1966). Afterwards he played Dr. Schley in the pilot episode of "Ironside" (1967).

Fabiani and his wife moved to the United Kingdom, where he co-starred in "Department S". The show is considered to be a forerunner of "The X-Files" and deals with a special branch of Interpol dealing with particularly baffling cases that other agencies had failed to solve. Fabiani played the field team leader Stewart Sullivan, a pragmatic man of action and determination and a bit of a temper to go with it. 

In episode 2, "The Trojan Tanker", Fabiani was once more in a tuxedo, gambling in a casino, and looking very Bond-ish; and there were several episodes in which he wore the tuxedo at least for one scene, usually whenever he was meeting the head of the Department, Sir Curtis, for a briefing during some gala, opera or exclusive party. Like most SpyFi shows of the 1960s, "Department S" did have elements of Bond. Episode 7 for instance, "Handicap – Dead", where Sullivan attends a golf tournament in Scotland and ends up investigating the suspicious death of one of the golfers, was inspired by "Goldfinger".

Fabiani was highly esteemed and appreciated by his fellow cast members. Guest star Kate O'Mara described him as "most charming" and a "perfect American gentleman". His co-star Rosemary Nicols called him "a very sweet guy, and extremely professional. He always came prepared, and he knew exactly what he was doing." And Peter Wyngarde declared, "Joel was wonderful!"

The show ran successfully in the UK and was syndicated worldwide, including the US, where it ran for its full season-length. At one point in the early 1970s it was voted the most popular series in the world. However, the producers set their sights on other projects, such as the equally short-lived spin-off "Jason King" and the Roger Moore/Tony Curtis-show "The Persuaders!", which also only ran for one season.

"For his part, Fabiani wasn't too disappointed that no more episodes were commissioned. 'When I came back to the States from England, I […] wanted to go out and conquer Hollywood, which is what I immediately set out to do – and didn't – but I had an awful lot of fun trying.' " 

Fabiani returned to television work, at first still very much in line with his "Department S" character, such as playing the FBI agent Barris in the TV movie "The Longest Night" (1972) opposite David Janssen. Then he went on to guest star in many other television shows, including "The FBI", "Banacek", "Barnaby Jones", "Cannon", "The Streets of San Francisco", "The Rockford Files", "Matt Helm", "S.W.A.T.", "Starsky & Hutch", "Columbo" and "Black Sheep Squadron", playing good guys and villains alike, from lawyers, prosecutors and doctors to pilots, P.I.s and gangsters.

He also appeared in numerous TV movies, including "Brenda Starr" (1976) with Jill St. John, thrillers like the Edgar Allan Poe Award-nominated "One of My Wives Is Missing" (1976) with Jack Klugman and "The President's Mistress" (1978) with Beau Bridges and Larry Hagman, and the prison movie "Attica" (1980) with Morgan Freeman, which was nominated for several Emmys and won one.

In between, he still worked in the theatre, appearing in Broadway plays such as "Love for Love" (1974) and Luigi Pirandello's "The Rules of the Game" (1975, as Barelli) – a show that was also featured in the PBS "Great Performances" series – as well as "Ashes" (1977, as Colin), the original run of the musical "I'm Getting My Act Together and Taking It on the Road" (1978, as Joe Epstein), the courtroom drama "As To The Meaning of Words" (1981, as Alexander Thomas), and more.

In addition he appeared in several feature films, including high-profile movies such as "Looking for Mr. Goodbar" (1977), the Oscar-nominated "Reuben, Reuben" (1983), and "Tune In Tomorrow" (1990). Others were the independent movie "Dark Echoes" (1977), which, ahead of its time, was a kind of forerunner of John Carpenter's "The Fog" (1980), and mainstream movies like "Snake Eyes" (1998).

From the 1980s on, he had several recurring roles in prime time soaps, where he appeared as publisher Alex Ward in "Dallas" and played the role of King Galen of Moldavia on "Dynasty", where his son's wedding, unceremoniously interrupted by terrorists shooting at the gathered crowd, provided the famous season 5 cliffhanger finale. The viewers then had to wait quite a while until it was finally revealed that most of the characters, including King Galen, had – despite initial rumors to the contrary – indeed survived the attack. Fabiani also guest starred in "Hotel", and had the somewhat difficult task of assessing Jane Wyman's mental capacities as Dr. Quentin King in "Falcon Crest". Later he moved back to New York, and also played in day time dramas, where he served as temporary replacement for Michael Zaslow as Roger Thorpe three times on "Guiding Light" in August 1992, early 1994 and late May to June 1995 while Zaslow was on personal leave, played a major part in "The City" as Jared Chase in 1996, had a recurring role in "As the World Turns" as Winston Lowe/"Mr. Smith" in 2000 and a long run on "All My Children" (from 1999-2010) as Barry Shire (whom a soap magazine labelled a "bona fide scene stealer" ), a lawyer who never seemed to run out of work trying to get either Chandler Enterprises or various members of the Chandler clan out of trouble, out of court, or out of jail... or all of the above. (Or, as the magazine put it, "Adam's crazy antics on AMC keep Barry - and Fabiani - busy!" )

He continued to guest star in other shows too, including "Murder, She Wrote" (in 1992 and 1994), "Third Watch" (2000), "Law & Order" (2004) and "" (2004). The latter's episode meant a reunion with Claire Bloom - with whom he had worked over thirty years before in the theater - and centered around the events at a fundraiser – and Fabiani still looked great in a tuxedo. In between he had occasional parts in TV comedy series, such as "The Cosby Show" (1988), "Strangers With Candy" (2000) and "Ed" (2003), and also kept appearing in plays in the theater.

Apart from that, he appeared as presenter in theater documentaries, such as "Ghosts of Glory" about Eugene O"Neill and his plays, which was hosted by Joanne Woodward, and as narrator on several Barbara Walters Specials. Fabiani, who "has an uncanny ability to imitate numerous voices, moods, and inflections" also narrates audio books, including Norman McLean's "A River Runs Through It", Conrad Richter's "The Light in the Forest" and Loren D. Estleman's award-winning "Aces and Eights".

In 2008, when The Smiths released their album "Singles Box" (Cf.The Smiths Singles Box), Morrissey personally chose a PR picture of Joel Fabiani (from 1970, for "Department S") as the cover for the album.

At the very beginning of his career, he was married to Katharine Ross. (They first met and started dating at Santa Rosa Junior College in 1957, then later resumed dating when studying at the San Francisco Actors Workshop together.) They married on February 28, 1960 and later divorced after about two and a half years of marriage, in 1962.

Fabiani then married actress Audree Rae, whom he also met while they were doing a stage play together. This proved to be a long-lasting relationship (until her death in 2009), while Ross went on to have four more husbands. While Fabiani and Ross had appeared on stage together, they never had any screen appearances together. (The closest they came was in 1985/86, when Ross appeared on the "Dynasty" spinoff "The Colbys", while Fabiani appeared on "Dynasty".)
He lives in New York with his current wife.

Joel was also the voice-over for dozens of Sony television and radio commercials in the late 1970s and early 1980s when the New York advertising agency McCann-Erickson had the account.

Fabiani started out at the San Francisco Actor's Workshop and afterwards worked with several theater companies over the years, including the National Touring Company, Phoenix Theater Company, Paper Mill Playhouse, and the American Shakespeare Festival, appearing in numerous plays both on and off Broadway, including:

Fabiani appeared in many television shows in either starring, recurring, or guest starring roles, as well as numerous television movies and half a dozen feature films. Overview:




</doc>
<doc id="3797425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3797425" title="Maurice Gosfield">
Maurice Gosfield

Maurice Lionel Gosfield (January 28, 1913 – October 19, 1964) was an American stage, film, radio and television actor, best remembered for his portrayal of Private Duane Doberman on the 1950s sitcom "The Phil Silvers Show" (1955–59) and voicing Benny the Ball in "Top Cat" (1961–62).

Gosfield was born in New York City and was raised in Philadelphia and, later, in Evanston, Illinois. During World War II, he served in the U.S. Army as a Technician fourth grade (T/4) in the 8th Armored Division.

He began to act with the Ralph Bellamy and Melvyn Douglas Players in Evanston, and joined the summer stock theatre circuit in 1930. In 1937, he made his Broadway debut as Manero in the play "Siege". Other theatre credits from the 1930s include "The Petrified Forest", "Three Men on a Horse" and "Room Service". He also made several appearances on radio programs.

From 1955 to 1959, Gosfield played Private Duane Doberman in "The Phil Silvers Show" (titled "You'll Never Get Rich" in its first season). Doberman was written as the most woebegone soldier. The actor originally hired for the part was Maurice Brenner, but Brenner was recast as Private Irving Fleischman. The show's creator Nat Hiken's biography details the casting for the role and the effect that Gosfield had on him, the producer and Phil Silvers when he appeared in front of them:
In 1959, Gosfield was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series for the show. That same year, he again played Private Doberman in the television show "Keep in Step" and made his final appearance as the character, the following year, when he guest starred on "The Jack Benny Program".

In 1961, Gosfield appeared in the film "The Teenage Millionaire" (1961). Gosfield also provided the voice for Benny the Ball on the cartoon series "Top Cat" which was partially based on the Sergeant Bilko series. His last role was in the 1963 film "The Thrill of It All", playing a truck driver. In 1964 he unsuccessfully tested for the role of Uncle Fester in the TV series "The Addams Family".

Gosfield never married and had no children. At 5'2" and weighing over 200 pounds, Gosfield once told TV writer Bert Resnik that he was "too ugly to get married". In 1957, he received the "TV's Bachelor of the Year" Award by the Bachelor and Bachelorettes Society of America.

On October 19, 1964, Gosfield died at the Will Rogers Memorial Hospital in Saranac Lake, New York at the age of 51. He had been in hospital since the previous summer suffering from a series of ailments including diabetes and heart trouble and other complications. He is buried in Long Island National Cemetery.

DC Comics published eleven issues of a Private Doberman comic from 1957 to 1960.

Phil Silvers, in his 1973 autobiography, said of Gosfield that he had a pomposity and condescension off-screen and "thought of himself as Cary Grant playing a short, plump man," Silvers continued: "He began to have delusions. He did not realize that the situations in which he worked, plus the sharp lines provided by Nat and the other writers, made him funny." For his part, Gosfield crowed, "Without me, the "Bilko" show would be nothing."





</doc>
<doc id="3804040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3804040" title="Daniel Sunjata">
Daniel Sunjata

Daniel Sunjata (born Daniel Sunjata Condon; December 30, 1971) is an American actor who performs in film, television and theater. He is known for his role as Franco Rivera in the FX television series "Rescue Me".

Sunjata was born and grew up in Chicago, the adopted son of Bill and Catherine Condon, a police dispatcher and a civil rights worker. His adoptive parents are of Irish and Italian-German descent. He is named in honor of the African king Sundiata Keita, founder of the Mali Empire; the name means "hungry lion." He was told his biological mother was a white teenager who had run away from home and his father was black. He graduated from Mount Carmel High School in Chicago, where he played linebacker for two state championship football teams. He completed his undergraduate studies at Florida A&M University and the University of Louisiana at Lafayette. He received a master's degree in fine arts from the Graduate Acting Program at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. He is of Black, German, and Irish descent.

Sunjata played the role of a sailor on shore leave on the first post-9/11 themed episode of "Sex and The City". He portrayed poet Langston Hughes in the film "Brother to Brother" (2004) and James Holt, a fashion designer, in "The Devil Wears Prada" (2006).

He starred as firefighter Franco Rivera on the television program "Rescue Me". During the summer of 2007, he also starred in the ESPN miniseries "The Bronx is Burning" as Reggie Jackson. He appeared as a Special Forces Operative in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight Rises" (2012).

In 2003, he won a Theatre World Award for his breakout Broadway performance as a gay Major League Baseball player who comes out to the public in "Take Me Out", the Tony award-winning play, which also earned him nominations for a Tony Award and Drama Desk Award.

In 2010-2011 he played "Nurse Eli" on the TV series "Grey's Anatomy" and had a relationship with Dr. Miranda Bailey.

Beginning in 2013 he played FBI agent Paul Briggs on "Graceland", which aired on USA Network. The show was canceled in 2015 after 3 seasons.

On April 30, 2009, Sunjata announced his participation as narrator in "". This was the last in a series of documentaries, collectively known as "Loose Change", that argue that the September 11 attacks were planned by the United States government.

Sunjata has said that he believes "absolutely, 100 percent" in this theory. Producers of "Rescue Me", inspired by Sunjata's views, created a subplot of the show that year (the show's fifth season) in which Sunjata's character, Franco Rivera, stirs up controversy in the firehouse when he tells these same views to a journalist.



</doc>
<doc id="3805642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3805642" title="John Ventimiglia">
John Ventimiglia

John Ventimiglia () is an American actor. Ventimiglia portrayed Artie Bucco in the HBO television series "The Sopranos" and had a recurring role as Dino Arbogast, an Organized Crime Control Bureau Chief for the NYPD, on the American police procedural/drama series "Blue Bloods" on CBS.

Ventimiglia was born in Ridgewood, Queens to a Sicilian American family, and grew up in Teaneck, New Jersey, graduating from Teaneck High School in 1981, where he played on the football team. He lives in Park Slope, Brooklyn with his two daughters.

Ventimiglia has had parts in feature films such as "Cop Land", "Jesus' Son", "The Iceman", "The Funeral", "The Wannabe", and "Mickey Blue Eyes" and has appeared in numerous television shows including "Law & Order" and "NYPD Blue". He also made a brief cameo in the made-for-television movie "Gotti".

In August, 2007, Ventimiglia and the David Amram quartet presented a musical and oral homage to sociologist C. Wright Mills and beat author Jack Kerouac. They continued with a Kerouac show in Denmark in autumn of 2007. Ventimiglia starred in the comedy "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Undead" (2008), playing the role of Theo Horace. In 2008, he played a small role as a police officer in "Notorious". In 2011, he appeared as "Weinstein" in the film "Flypaper".

In 2011, he starred in a small indie film, "PONIES". In 2012, he guest starred in the CBS short lived series "Made in Jersey". In 2012, he starred, as Humberto Delgado, the Portuguese film Operation Autumn, a film about General Humberto Delgado's brutal assassination in Spain by the Portuguese fascists.

In 2016, he played Harry Magarac on the episode of "Elementary", entitled "Murder Ex Machina", first aired on January 21, 2016. He also did narration for the Nat Geo television documentary series "Inside the American Mob".




</doc>
<doc id="3806688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3806688" title="David Proval">
David Proval

David Aaron Proval (born May 20, 1942) is an American actor, known for his roles as Tony DeVienazo in the Martin Scorsese film "Mean Streets" (1973) and as Richie Aprile on the HBO television series "The Sopranos" (1999–2007).

Proval was born in Brooklyn, New York into a Jewish family, the son of Clara Katz, an actress from Bucharest, Romania. He has appeared in such feature films as "The Shawshank Redemption", "The Phantom", "Mob Queen", "Four Rooms", "UHF", "Innocent Blood", "The Siege", "The Monster Squad", "Bookies", "Balls of Fury", had cameos in "The Brady Bunch Movie" and "Smokin' Aces", and has had recurring roles in television shows such as "Picket Fences", "Boomtown" and "Everybody Loves Raymond". He appeared on "Kojak", "The Equalizer", "Miami Vice", and "". He appeared in the 14th episode of "The West Wing" - "Take This Sabbath Day" - as Toby Ziegler's rabbi. 

In 1977, his voice was heard in the cult animated film "WIZARDS", as the robot assassin Necron 99. In 2004, he played both adult twin brothers James and Edward Talley in the Hallmark Channel original movie "Murder Without Conviction". "Sopranos" creator David Chase has stated Proval was one of his original choices for the role of Tony Soprano.



</doc>
<doc id="3807844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3807844" title="Kevin Connolly (actor)">
Kevin Connolly (actor)

Kevin Connolly (born March 5, 1974) is an American actor and director. He is best known for his role as Eric Murphy in the HBO series "Entourage", and his role as the eldest son Ryan Malloy in the 1990s television sitcom "Unhappily Ever After". Connolly is also a director, having directed many episodes of television as well as the films "Gardener of Eden", "Dear Eleanor" and "Gotti."

Connolly was born in Patchogue, New York, the son of Eileen J. (née McMahon) and John Connolly. He is of Irish descent. He attends Roman Catholic church in Los Angeles. <ref>


</doc>
<doc id="3808291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3808291" title="Doug Hutchison">
Doug Hutchison

Doug Anthony Hutchison (born May 26, 1960) is an American character actor, known for playing disturbing and antagonistic characters. Such characters include Obie Jameson in the 1988 film "The Chocolate War", Sproles in the 1988 film "Fresh Horses", the sadistic corrections officer Percy Wetmore in the 1999 film adaptation of the Stephen King novel "The Green Mile", Eugene Victor Tooms on the series "The X-Files", and Horace Goodspeed in "Lost". He has a production company, Dark Water Inc. In 2011, at the age of 51, he received widespread criticism when he married 16-year-old singer Courtney Stodden.

Doug Anthony Hutchison was born in Dover, Delaware. He attended Bishop Foley High School in Madison Heights, Michigan and graduated from Apple Valley High School in Apple Valley, Minnesota in 1978. He later attended University of Minnesota at Minneapolis-St Paul, and studied at the Juilliard School in New York City.

Hutchison's first professional theater credit came shortly after high school graduation when he starred, as Alan Strang, in a Saint Paul, Minnesota, production of "Equus". The production ran between February 9 and March 4, 1979. The production and Hutchison's performance specifically were well-reviewed in local media.

Hutchison's early stage credits include "Sing Me Through an Open Window" and William Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar". He has made guest appearances on television shows such as "The Young Riders", "The X-Files" (as Eugene Victor Tooms), "" (as Elroy-El), "Millennium" (as "Omega"), "Lost" (as Horace Goodspeed), "Guiding Light" (as Sebastian Hulce), "" (as serial killer Humphrey Becker), and "24" (as European terrorist Davros).

Hutchison's film work began in the late 1980s, appearing as Sproles in the 1988 drama "Fresh Horses" and Obie Jameson in the 1988 film adaptation of "The Chocolate War". Of his performance in "Fresh Horses", one critic observed that he "hoist[ed the film] onto his shoulders for the duration of his scenes". In the 1990s, he appeared in films such as "The Green Mile", "The Lawnmower Man" (1992), "A Time to Kill" (1996), "Con Air" (1997), and "Batman & Robin" (1997). His later supporting roles included "Shaft" (2000), "Bait" (2000), "I Am Sam" (2001), "The Salton Sea" (2002), and "No Good Deed" (2002).

His 2000s feature film roles included playing James "Looney Bin Jim" Russotti in the "", and his television roles included Horace Goodspeed in "Lost". He also starred in "Give 'Em Hell, Malone" (2009). In October 2008, Hutchison's production company, Dark Water, debuted the web series "Vampire Killers", which depicts four vampire hunters combating a vampire population of over 500,000 in Los Angeles.

On May 20, 2011, Hutchison married his third wife, Courtney Stodden, in Las Vegas. They met when Stodden attended an acting class taught by Hutchison.

Their relationship drew controversy and criticism, as Stodden was 16 years old when the couple married; Hutchison is 34 years her senior. According to Hutchison, his agent quit, his family disowned him, he received death threats, and he was labelled a "pedophile", as a result of the marriage. Hutchison had some defenders, however: Stodden's mother, Krista Keller, who praised him for the kindness and love with which he treated Stodden; and Dr. Jenn Berman, a therapist who worked with the couple during their appearance on "Couples Therapy".

In October 2012, the couple appeared as one of the celebrity couples in the second season of the VH1 reality television series "Couples Therapy", which depicts celebrity couples undergoing counseling for relationship problems. According to Stodden, the couple enrolled in therapy in order to resolve issues that arose in their marriage from their age difference. On November 1, 2013, the media reported that Stodden and Hutchison were ending their marriage of two and a half years and filing for divorce. In a subsequent interview, Stodden said that the split from Hutchison was amicable. In August 2014, the pair announced that they had reconciled. 

In May 2016, it was announced that the couple was expecting their first child. However, in July 2016, around three months into her pregnancy, Stodden suffered a miscarriage. On May 20, 2016, Hutchison and Stodden celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary by renewing their vows.

In January 2017, it was reported that Stodden and Hutchison had separated, but were still living together at the time. In March 2018, Stodden filed for divorce.

On April 8, 2018, Hutchison announced via the Erick & Deer the Goat YouTube channel that he returned to Detroit to find Erick Brown, who travels the country with a therapy goat to spread peace, and that he fully supports Brown's initiative, the Rock Club Foundation.



</doc>
<doc id="3812712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3812712" title="Kenny Ortega">
Kenny Ortega

Kenneth John Ortega (born April 18, 1950) is an American producer, director and choreographer. He directed the films "Newsies" (1992), "Hocus Pocus" (1993), the "High School Musical" trilogy (2006–2008), "Michael Jackson's This Is It" (2009) and the "Descendants" trilogy (2015–2019). Ortega has choreographed films including "St. Elmo's Fire" (1985), "Pretty in Pink" (1986), "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" (1986) and "Dirty Dancing" (1987). He has also directed multiple concert tours, including tours for Cher, Gloria Estefan and Michael Jackson. In 2019, Ortega was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Ortega was born in Palo Alto, California, the son of Madeline, a waitress, and Octavio "Tibby" Ortega, a factory worker. Both of his parents were also born in Palo Alto, though his paternal grandparents were Spanish immigrants. He attended Sequoia High School in Redwood City, California, where he was a cheerleader and in the drama group

Initially, Ortega came out of the San Francisco Arts scene, working with the Tubes. In 1979, Ortega was contracted to work with KISS on their Dynasty Tour. He became more recognized after working with dancer and choreographer Gene Kelly on the film "Xanadu", Ortega went on to choreograph the dance for the Menudo video "Hold Me", as well as the 1987 film "Dirty Dancing", and has won awards for choreography in music videos, such as Madonna's "Material Girl". He also worked with The Tubes on their stage shows and directed the video for "She's a Beauty". Ortega also did the choreography for Styx's "Mr. Roboto" video.

Ortega directed Billy Squier's "Rock Me Tonite" video, which is often cited as the worst music promo clip ever made and has been blamed by Squier for killing his career. Together with Michael Jackson, he created and designed the Dangerous World Tour (1992–1993) and the HIStory World Tour (1996–1997). He has also choreographed events ranging from Super Bowl XXX, the 72nd Academy Awards, the 1996 Summer Olympics (Atlanta) and the 2002 Winter Olympics (Salt Lake City).

In addition, Ortega has directed and choreographed "High School Musical", "High School Musical 2", and "", as well as "The Cheetah Girls 2".

In May 2009, Ortega began work on the scheduled Michael Jackson 50-date "This Is It" concerts, which was cancelled subsequent to Jackson's sudden death. He directed the concert film "Michael Jackson's This Is It" which was put together from rehearsal footage recorded at the Los Angeles Forum and the Staples Center. The film was released on October 28.

Ortega directed the Michael Jackson Public Memorial at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, which was broadcast live on several networks on July 7, 2009. It reached a television audience of 31 million in America, and more than 1 billion worldwide and via the internet. At the end of the service, he introduced a rendition of Jackson's 1985 charity single "We Are the World" created for the This Is It concerts, featuring Jackson's backing singers on lead vocals with his dancers performing around them.

He was set to direct the 2011 "Footloose" remake, but dropped out in October 2009 due to differences with Paramount over the budget and tone of the film. Ortega was also hired to direct a film adaptation of the Broadway musical "In the Heights" for Universal, but the studio dropped the project in 2011 due to budgetary and casting issues.

On August 9, 2011, it was announced that Ortega will direct a remake of "Dirty Dancing", a project that was later postponed.

On May 12, 2014, Ortega guest-judged on the 18th season of "Dancing with the Stars" during the .

In 2015, Ortega directed and choreographed "Descendants" and its sequels "Descendants 2" and "Descendants 3".

In 2019, Ortega was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was named a Disney Legend at the 2019 D23 Expo.

Ortega is openly gay, and in a 2014 interview with anti-bullying organization Bystander Revolution, he said that "as a gay man having grown up in the 50s and 60s, I have to say, I'm very proud of the industry that I work in," referring to the acceptance of people with different sexual orientations in show business.



</doc>
<doc id="3813868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3813868" title="Kiel Martin">
Kiel Martin

Kiel Urban Mueller (July 26, 1944 – December 28, 1990), known professionally as Kiel Martin, was an American actor best known for his role as Detective John "J.D." La Rue on the 1980s television drama "Hill Street Blues."

Martin was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and raised in Miami. A 1962 graduate of Hialeah High School, he was a drama student at Miami-Dade Junior College and acted in productions at the University of Miami.

When he was 18, he dubbed voices for "Mexican fairy-tale movies."

He was married three times; each one ending in divorce. His first marriage was to Claudia Martin (1944–2001), who was actor/crooner Dean Martin's daughter. They had one child, a daughter named Jesse. They were married from 1969-71.

His second marriage was to Christina Montoya and lasted from 1977-80. His third marriage was to Joanne La Pomaroa and lasted from 1982-84.

Martin's debut as a professional actor came in repertory theatre in Florida. In the 1960s, he moved to New York and worked as a musician, a dockworker, and a stand-up comedian. After signing a contract with Universal Studios in 1967, he broke fifteen bones in a motorcycle accident, requiring two years recuperation.

Martin appeared in "Moonrunners", which was the basis for the television series "The Dukes of Hazzard".

In addition to "Hill Street Blues", Martin made guest appearances on various television shows between the late 1960s through the 1980s, including "The Love Boat", "The Virginian", "Father Dowling Mysteries", and "Murder, She Wrote". He starred in the short-lived 1987 Fox sitcom "Second Chance" until its revamping as "Boys Will Be Boys" resulted in his character being dropped. He also was a regular on the soap opera "The Edge of Night".

Martin died of lung cancer at age 46 at his home in Rancho Mirage, California.



</doc>
<doc id="3814407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3814407" title="Patrick Levis">
Patrick Levis

Patrick Cannon Levis (born January 23, 1982) is an American actor, best known for playing Jack Phillips on the Disney Channel series "So Weird" and for playing Reed on "The Fresh Beat Band".

Ever since he was little, acting was his passion. He started acting in several commercials, and by the age of twelve, he had a role in the original cast of the Broadway play "." After this he starred in "Brink!" (1998) (TV), a Disney Channel original movie, and shortly after was cast in the role of Jack Phillips in "So Weird" (1999). Patrick also made another Disney Channel movie with Frankie Muniz called "Miracle in Lane 2" (2000) (TV) and also starred in the TV movie "Inside the Osmonds" (2001) (TV), where he played Donny Osmond. In 2001, Patrick was cast in the role of Grant Stage in the sitcom "Maybe It's Me" (2001), which aired on the WB. Patrick also founded the Christian progressive folk band "Least of These" in 2004. In 2007, he was cast to play Drew Simpson in "Love's Unfolding Dream, a Hallmark Channel movie.

He is also in a band called Least of These, with his brother and sister who play drums and bass, respectively.



</doc>
<doc id="3815781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3815781" title="Keegan-Michael Key">
Keegan-Michael Key

Keegan-Michael Key (born March 22, 1971) is an American actor, writer, and producer.

Key co-created and co-starred alongside Jordan Peele in Comedy Central's sketch series "Key & Peele" (2012–2015) and co-starred in USA Network's "Playing House" (2014–2017). He spent six seasons as a cast member on "Mad TV" (2004–2009) and has made guest appearances on the U.S. version of "Whose Line is it Anyway?" on The CW. He also appeared alongside Peele in the first season of the FX series "Fargo" in 2014, and had a recurring role on "Parks and Recreation" from 2013 to 2015. He hosted the U.S. version of "The Planet's Funniest Animals" on Animal Planet from 2005 until 2008.

Key has had supporting roles in several films, including "Pitch Perfect 2" (2015), "Don't Think Twice" (2016), and "Toy Story 4" (2019). Also in 2015, he appeared at the White House Correspondents' Dinner as the "Key & Peele" character Luther, President Barack Obama's anger translator. Key and Peele produced and starred in the 2016 action-comedy film "Keanu". In 2017, Key made his Broadway debut in Steve Martin's "Meteor Shower".

Key was born in Southfield, Michigan on March 22, 1971, the son of black father Leroy McDuffie and white mother Carrie Herr. He was adopted at a young age by a couple from Detroit, Michael Key and Patricia Walsh, who were both social workers. Like his birth parents, his adoptive parents were also a black man and white woman. Through his biological father, Key had two half-brothers, one of whom was comic book writer Dwayne McDuffie (1962–2011). Key only discovered the existence of his siblings after they had both died.

Key attended the University of Detroit Mercy as an undergraduate, earning a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in theater in 1993, followed by a Master of Fine Arts in theater at Pennsylvania State University in 1996. While at the University of Detroit Mercy, he was a brother of Phi Kappa Theta.

Key joined the cast of "Mad TV" midway into the ninth season. He and Jordan Peele were cast against each other, but both ended up being picked after demonstrating great comedic chemistry. Key played many characters on the show. One of his most famous characters is "Coach Hines", a high school sports coach who frequently disrupts and threatens students and faculty members. On the penultimate episode of "Mad TV", Hines revealed that he is the long-lost heir to the Heinz Ketchup company and only became a Catholic school coach to help delinquent teenagers like Yamanashi (Bobby Lee). During seasons 9 and 10, Key appeared as "Dr. Funkenstein" in blaxploitation parodies, with Peele playing the monster. Key also portrayed various guests on "Real **********ing Talk" like the strong African Rollo Johnson and blind victim Stevie Wonder Washington. He often goes "backstage" as Eugene Struthers, an ecstatic water-or-flower delivery man who accosts celebrities. There is also "Jovan Muskatelle", a shirtless man with a jheri curl and a shower cap. He interrupts live news broadcasts by a reporter (always played by Ike Barinholtz), annoying him with rapid fire accounts of events that have happened frequently exclaiming "It was crazy as hell!" Celebrities that Key impersonated on the show include Ludacris, Snoop Dogg, Roscoe Orman (as his character Gordon from "Sesame Street"), Matthew Lillard, Bill Cosby, Al Roker, Terrell Owens, Tyler Perry, Keith Richards, Eddie Murphy (as his character James "Thunder" Early from the movie "Dreamgirls"), Sherman Hemsley (as his character George Jefferson on "The Jeffersons"), Charles Barkley, Sendhil Ramamurthy (as Mohinder Suresh), Tyson Beckford, Seal (originally played by Peele until Peele left the show at the end of season 13), Sidney Poitier, Lionel Richie, Barack Obama, Kobe Bryant and Jack Haley (as the Tin Man from "The Wizard of Oz"). He also played female celebrities, including Phylicia Rashād, Robin Antin, and Eva Longoria (as Gabrielle Solis on a "Desperate Housewives" parody).

Key and his former "Mad TV" castmate Jordan Peele starred in their own Comedy Central sketch series "Key & Peele", which began airing on January 31, 2012 and ran for five seasons until September 9, 2015. Key and his comedy partner Jordan Peele starred in an episode of "Epic Rap Battles of History", with Key playing Mahatma Gandhi and Peele playing Martin Luther King Jr. The pair returned to "Epic Rap Battles of History" with the "Muhammad Ali versus Michael Jordan" battle, with Key portraying Jordan.

Key was introduced by President Barack Obama at the 2015 White House Correspondents' Dinner as Luther, Obama's Anger Translator, one of Key's characters from "Key & Peele".

Key plays the most prominent male character, Ethan Turner, on the Netflix ensemble comedy "Friends from College", about a group of Harvard University graduates and friends now in their late 30s living in New York City. He plays an award-winning fiction writer who is being encouraged to start writing for young adult fiction audiences.

Key was one of the founders of Hamtramck, Michigan's Planet Ant Theatre, and was a member of the Second City Detroit's mainstage cast before joining the Second City e.t.c. theater in Chicago. Key co-founded the Detroit Creativity Project along with Beth Hagenlocker, Marc Evan Jackson, Margaret Edwartowski, and Larry Joe Campbell. The Detroit Creativity Project teaches students in Detroit improvisation as a way to improve their communication skills. Key performed with The 313, an improv group formed with other members of Second City Hollywood that appears around the country. The 313 is made up primarily of former Detroit residents and named for Detroit's area code. Key also hosted Animal Planet's "The Planet's Funniest Animals".

He made a cameo in "Weird Al" Yankovic's video "White & Nerdy" with fellow "Mad TV" co-star Jordan Peele. In 2009, Key hosted GSN's "Big Saturday Night", and has co-starred in "Gary Unmarried" on CBS. Key was a panelist on the NPR comedy quiz show "Wait Wait, Don't Tell Me..." on March 27 and July 24, 2010. Key has been in several episodes of "Reno 911!" as the "Theoretical Criminal".

Key and Peele were featured on the cover and in a series of full-page comic photos illustrating "The New York Times Magazine" article "Is Giving the Secret to Getting Ahead?" on March 31, 2013. A live-action video version was also featured on the Times' website. Key co-stars in the horror-comedy "Hell Baby". Key is one of the rotating "fourth chair" performers in the 2013 revival of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?".

In addition to "Key & Peele", he also co-starred in the USA Network comedy series "Playing House", which began airing in April 2014.

Together with his comedy partner Jordan Peele, Key played an FBI agent in a recurring role in the 2014 FX crime drama "Fargo".

Key was involved in audio episodes for the marketing campaign, "Hunt the Truth" on the website for the video game "", voicing a fictional journalist and war photographer named Benjamin Giraud, who investigates the Master Chief's background.

Key has had small supporting roles in numerous films, including 2014's "Horrible Bosses 2", "Let's Be Cops" and the animated "The Lego Movie", as well as "Pitch Perfect 2" and "Tomorrowland" in 2015. Key and Peele are currently working with Judd Apatow on a feature-length film for Universal Pictures.

Key is one of several hosts of the podcast "Historically Black" by American Public Media and "The Washington Post".

In the summer of 2017 Key returned to the theatre after what he characterized as a "19-year detour into sketch comedy" for a production of "Hamlet" at New York's Public Theater, playing Horatio opposite Oscar Isaac in the title role. Key, who is a Shakespearean-trained actor, fulfilled his lifelong dream to play Horatio and received rave reviews for his performance. The Hollywood Reporter's David Rooney noted that Key's comedic skills were on full display, "...but his ease with the verse and stirring sensitivity [was] a revelation."

Key voice acted in "The Star", the animated film based on the Nativity of Jesus. He later went on to voice Ducky in "Toy Story 4" and Kamari in "The Lion King".

In 2017, Key made his Broadway debut in Steve Martin's comedy "Meteor Shower".

Key currently hosts Brain Games on National Geographic

Key was married to actress and dialect coach Cynthia Blaise from 1998 until 2017. They were legally separated in November 2015, with Key filing for divorce the following month. He married producer and director Elisa Key (formerly Elisa Pugliese) in New York City on June 8, 2018.

Key is a Christian and has practiced Buddhism, Catholicism, and Evangelicalism in the past. Being biracial has been a source of comedic material for Key, who told Terry Gross in an interview for NPR, "I think the reason Jordan and I became actors is because we did a fair amount of code-switching growing up and still do."

Key has worked with the Young Storytellers Foundation as an actor for their annual fundraiser alongside Max Greenfield, Jack Black and Judy Greer.



</doc>
<doc id="3816040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3816040" title="Ron Sweed">
Ron Sweed

Ronald D. Sweed (January 23, 1949 – April 1, 2019) was an American entertainer and author, known for his late-night television horror host character "The Ghoul".

Sweed was born on January 23, 1949 in Euclid, Ohio. His mother is Irene Barnard. His father was Robert Sweed. He grew up in Cleveland. In an interview with his mother, "Metro Times" reporter Anita Schmaltz asked, "Did you ever expect to give birth to a Ghoul?" She responded, "Ron was very different right from the time he came out of the chute." Sweed was 3 or 4 when he went to downtown Cleveland with his grandfather to see Santa Claus and buy him a Christmas present. He picked out a puppet. When Sweed was 8 or 9, he was given marionettes. Sweed would put on shows for the neighborhood kids with the marionettes. His fourth grade teacher at one time could not keep his attention. Every Wednesday Sweed would put on a show for the class with his Jerry Mahoney dummy.

In 1963, 13-year-old Sweed and his friends went to an afternoon matinee of “Dr. Silkini and his live stage show of horrors, on stage in person, the Frankenstein monster, Dracula, King Kong and 45 horror movies”. On the way home, he found a gorilla suit in an open trunk of Silkini's. He wore the gorilla suit to a live appearance by Ghoulardi, a popular Cleveland television personality played by Ernie Anderson on WJW. Ghoulardi took note of the costume and brought Sweed on stage, and over the next few weeks, Sweed became Anderson's production assistant.

After Anderson left Cleveland for Los Angeles in 1966, Sweed left for Bowling Green State University, but continued to help with the production of the "Hoolihan and Big Chuck" show, which was Ghoulardi's replacement on WJW.

In 1970, Sweed approached Ernie Anderson with a proposal to revive Anderson's "Ghoulardi" character. Anderson was not interested, but gave Sweed his blessing to revive the character on his own. With that blessing, Sweed took "The Ghoul" to Cleveland's Kaiser Broadcasting station WKBF-TV in 1971. Though it started as a tribute to Ghoulardi, Sweed soon developed his own eye-catching gags and energetic style. Known for his zany, early-adolescent humor (particularly surrounding his abuse of a rubber frog named "Froggy," his well-known penchant for blowing up model ships and aircraft with firecrackers, and his habitual smearing of Cheez Whiz over everything in sight), late night monster movies were a unique experience for Cleveland viewers in the 1970s. Catch phrases included "zingy-zingy," "Overdey!" and "stay sick, turn blue".

The Ghoul would typically take an unbelievably bad horror movie and dump in sound bites at appropriate moments, using audio clips from novelty records, George Carlin, Firesign Theater and rock albums of the '60s and early '70s. And whenever a character took a drink of something on-screen, The Ghoul would supply a good, loud belch.

"Shooting from no-budget studio sets, the Ghoul inserted his own dialogue and sound effects over insufferably bad B movies, blew up food, model cars and figurines with firecrackers, and produced strangely compelling, culturally relevant skits and parodies. The show was destructive and childish enough for little kids, subversive and timely enough for young adults."

Later in the 1970s, Kaiser Broadcasting syndicated "The Ghoul Show" to Detroit, Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, San Francisco and Los Angeles. It bombed in Chicago (where Sweed had the thankless task of replacing the popular Svengoolie) and in Boston, but was huge in Detroit at WKBD TV-50, and enjoyed varying degrees of success in the other markets. Despite the show's popularity, Kaiser eventually canceled it in 1975 amid complaints from parents about the content of some of Sweed's skits, as well as the permanent closure of WKBF by Kaiser itself. But "The Ghoul" resurfaced in 1976 on independent Detroit station WXON TV-20, and on WKBF's successor station, WCLQ TV-61. Meanwhile, Kaiser Broadcasting 's successor, Field Communications bought back Horror Film Features by airing Son of Svengoolie on Chicago's WFLD on June 16, 1979. As a result, Sweed never appeared on air in Chicago again. 

Sweed was on and off the air in Cleveland and Detroit for over three decades, at times even branching out into radio and the internet. The Ghoul returned to Cleveland TV in 1998 on WBNX-TV Channel 55 where he remained for the next six years airing on Friday, then later Sunday nights. He also did a Saturday night request show on classic rock station WNCX FM 98.5 during the same time period.

The same year, Sweed co-authored (with Mike Olszewski) "" (), a book collecting memories, on-set photographs, transcripts, correspondence, and memos from his years on the air. Said Robert St Mary, a Detroit journalist and author of "The Orbit Magazine Anthology: Re-Entry": “Ron understood that times had changed from the beatnik version of Ernie. It was spectacle. It was blowing stuff up. He was using the crazy hip lingo that Ernie had, and tweaking it a bit more.”

In 2015, Sweed appeared at the Redford Theatre. It would be his final appearance there as he was scheduled to perform there in October 2018, but due to health problems, it was canceled. In an October 2017 interview with "Metro Times" Jarrett Koral, he stated how he gets ready for a show: "smoke a good kielbasa," further remarking that "smoking a kielbasa will take you to places Steppenwolf never imagined on his magic carpet ride." For a boost of instant insanity? "Snort a couple blobs of Cheez Whiz."

The Ghoul was well known enough in the Cleveland and Detroit markets that some of his catch phrases ("Overdey!", "Hey group!", "Scratch glass, turn blue", "Stay sick, climb walls", "Pluck your magic twanger, Froggy!", "Holy Parma", "Amrap" and Froggy's "Hiya gang, hiya hiya hiya!") are still widely recognized among the children of the 1970s.

An interesting side element is that the aforementioned rubber toy referred to simply as "Froggy" (and much abused by the Ghoul) was a toy dating from 1948 by a company named Rempel and featured often in comedic skits on the 1955 television show "Andy's Gang" where he was named Froggy the Gremlin. The Ghoul's oft-uttered catch phrases "Hiya, gang. Hiya, hiya, hiya" and "Pluck your magic twanger, Froggy" originate from that earlier show.

On March 5, 2016, Sweed was presented with a Certificate of Recognition by Cleveland mayor Frank G. Jackson to commemorate the 45th anniversary of his debut on Cleveland TV, and to honor his continuing popularity in the city.

Sweed sued Keven Scarpino, a.k.a. the Son of Ghoul, in 1987 for infringing upon The Ghoul's character, but eventually lost the case. The judge ruled that no infringement occurred, as most horror show hosts portrayed the same basic character, a ghoulish individual who pranced about in costume, performed comedy routines, and showed horror movies.

Sweed met his first wife, Barbara J. King, when she was 17, and she was 18 when they married. They were married for 14 years. King and Sweed remained friends. He met Mary Therese Matousek in 1988. Sweed later married Matousek around 1993 as they were married for 26 years.

Sweed died on April 1, 2019, five months after suffering a massive heart attack. He had undergone triple bypass surgery on November 7, 2018.



</doc>
<doc id="3816103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3816103" title="Ryne Sanborn">
Ryne Sanborn

Ryne Andrew Sanborn (born February 3, 1989) is an American ice hockey player and former actor. He is best known for his role as Jason Cross in the "High School Musical" films. In 2008 he retired from acting to study architecture at University of Utah. He plays ice hockey for the Salt Lake Outliers.

Sanborn began modeling at two years old. He co-starred in the 1997 TV movie "Not in This Town" at age seven. Following this, he received guest roles on "Touched by an Angel" (1998) and "Everwood" (2003). In 2002, Sanborn participated as a "Child of Light" in the Opening and Closing Ceremonies of the Salt Lake Winter Olympics. Sanborn is best known for playing the role of Jason Cross, a member of the East High School boys' varsity basketball team, in "High School Musical", "High School Musical 2" and "". Sanborn also appeared in the independent movie "The Adventures of Food Boy". In 2008, he retired from acting to study architecture.

Sanborn attended Taylorsville High School where he played for the hockey team as well as for the under-16 Utah Stars team. As of 2012, he plays ice hockey for Salt Lake's Outliers.


</doc>
<doc id="3817285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3817285" title="Josh Kornbluth">
Josh Kornbluth

Josh Kornbluth (born May 21, 1959) is an American comedic autobiographical monologist based in the San Francisco Bay Area who has toured internationally, written and starred in several feature films, and starred in a television interview show.

Kornbluth was born in 1959 to mother "Bunny" and father Paul, the oldest of four children. Raised in New York City, he briefly attended Princeton University but dropped out, never completing his undergraduate degree. He worked as a copyeditor in New York before moving to San Francisco in 1987. He is married to wife Sara Sato, with whom he has a son, Guthrie.

Since 2012, Kornbluth has participated in the annual Team in Training endurance bike ride, a fundraiser for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society. In 2014, Kornbluth served as the inaugural artist in residence for the Zen Hospice Project in San Francisco. In 2017, Kornbluth served as an Atlantic Fellow with the Global Brain Health Institute at the UCSF Memory and Aging Center.

Kornbluth's live and filmed works are almost entirely solo monologues based closely on events and people his life, his upbringing, and his career. As such he is among a small group of artists that includes Eric Bogosian, Lily Tomlin, and Spalding Gray.

Most of Kornbluth's monologues relate to personal and societal ethics, self-fulfillment, and the role of the individual in society, drawing a connection between his own personal foibles and larger issues of citizenship. Playing a hapless, sincere, and sometimes buffoonish everyman caught up in world events, he demonstrates the relevance of these concepts to daily life. His live performances occasionally include a question-and-answer session with academic lawyers or other experts and scholars. Despite the serious messages and somewhat dry themes his works are all lighthearted and highly humorous.

Major filmed work includes:

Live monologues and other staged works include:

Kornbluth hosted a television talk show, "The Josh Kornbluth Show", for two seasons (2005–2007) on KQED 9, San Francisco. Guests included Alan Alda, Rita Moreno, and Amy Sedaris. The show often included a "man on the street" segment, "Wandering Josh".



</doc>
<doc id="3817949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3817949" title="Sam Anderson">
Sam Anderson

Sam Anderson (born May 13, 1945) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Sam Gorpley on "Perfect Strangers", as dentist Bernard Nadler on "Lost", and as Holland Manners on "Angel".

Anderson was born in Wahpeton, North Dakota. He is a graduate of the University of North Dakota in Grand Forks. During the 1970s, he taught drama at Antelope Valley College in Lancaster, California.

Anderson is best known for his roles as mailroom supervisor Mr. Gorpley on "Perfect Strangers", the lawyer Holland Manners on the first two seasons of "Angel", the cardiologist Dr. Jack Kayson on the television series "ER", and as dentist Bernard on "Lost". He is also known as the assistant manager of the Hotel Royale in "" episode "The Royale", and as Mike Seaver's adversarial Principal DeWitt on "Growing Pains". In addition, he was one of the recurring actors on various episodes of "WKRP in Cincinnati", playing various roles, including an immigration officer in the episode "The Americanization of Ivan". Anderson has guest-starred in Season 8 of "NCIS" as Walter Carmichael, a middle school teacher whose classroom becomes a crime scene when one of his students is kidnapped.



Ovation Awards


</doc>
<doc id="3818124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3818124" title="Johnny Yune">
Johnny Yune

Johnny Yune (born 1936) is a Korean-American actor, singer and comedian.

He played the lead in the 1980s films "They Call Me Bruce?" and "They Still Call Me Bruce". Yune's big break came at "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson". Yune stated that because actor Charlton Heston did not arrive on time, he was given over twenty minutes on the show to make a good impression. Carson liked Yune and had him on the show over 30 times. Yune also appeared in his own special on NBC.

Johnny Yune performed at the 1988 Summer Olympics at Seoul along with Bob Hope and Brooke Shields. From 1989 to 1990, he hosted "The Johnny Yune Show" ("쟈니윤쇼"), the first Americanized talk show in Korea. The show was a great hit, but only after a year, Yune decided to leave KBS due to limited freedom of the media.

Johnny Yune was born 1936 in Eumseong County, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, South Korea (then under Japanese rule). His Korean first name is Jong-seung and got an Anglicized name 'John' from its phonetic similarity when he became a US citizen in 1978. First, he graduated from Sungdong High School in Sindang-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, came over from South Korea to Massachusetts, U.S. as a student of Ohio Wesleyan University on an ROK Navy scholarship in 1962, and played a Mongolian under the name of "Jon Yune" in the 1979 movie "Meteor", also did work as a stand-up comedian in the 1980s. Johnny Yune appeared on "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson" 34 times in the 1970s and 1980s, one of the most appearances by a stand-up comedian, and as the first among anyone of Asian descent. He married a Korean-American named Julia Yune in 1999.

Johnny Yune practiced his stand-up routine in 1964 in places such as the Cafe Tel Aviv at 250 West 72nd Street, New York City. (Another successful stand-up comic who also practiced his routine at the Cafe Tel Aviv was Gabe Kaplan from "Welcome Back Kotter".)


</doc>
<doc id="3825185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3825185" title="Jerry Ferrara">
Jerry Ferrara

Jerry Charles Ferrara (born November 25, 1979) is an American actor, known for his role as Turtle on the HBO comedy series "Entourage", and starred on the STARZ drama series "Power" as Joe Proctor. 

Born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised in Bensonhurst, Ferrara is of Italian descent.

He graduated from New Utrecht High School. Ferrara began studying theater in college, where he was inspired by a teacher to pursue a career in acting. An agent he met at a talent showcase encouraged him to move to Los Angeles, where he quickly landed his first role on "The King of Queens". Other television parts soon followed. Jerry was then cast in the independent feature "Cross Bronx", which premiered at the 2004 Tribeca Film Festival.

In an interview about his breakout role on "Entourage", Ferrara revealed that when he told his friends he had landed a major part in a television pilot, they asked, "How about you get a dog who becomes your best friend and you name him Awnold??" Kevin Connolly has said of his "Entourage" co-star that "Jerry’s very domesticated. He’s probably the most different from his character. He’s like 180 degrees in the opposite direction."

Ferrara once made an appearance in character as Turtle for a DirecTV commercial. His dialogue was mixed with a clip from an "Entourage" episode for humorous effect.

Ferrara is also co-founder of Fat Sal's deli in West Hollywood, California. In 2010 Ferrara dropped weight and lost 60 pounds with a new outlook on health and fitness.

Ferrara is a diehard New York Yankees, New York Knicks, and New York Giants fan, a topic referenced in several episodes of "Entourage".



</doc>
<doc id="3827970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3827970" title="Peter Brocco">
Peter Brocco

Carl Peter Brocco (January 16, 1903 – December 20, 1992) was an American screen and stage actor. He appeared in over 300 credits, notably "Spartacus" (1960) and "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975), during his career spanning over 60 years.

Brocco was born in Reading, Pennsylvania. He was the son of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Brocco.

Brocco acted on stage with the Walter Hampton Players. He debuted on Broadway in "Centuries" (1927); he also performed in "The Merry Wives of Windsor" (1938).

Brocco appeared as a criminal type in several episodes of "Adventures of Superman". He holds the distinction of having been killed off in two of them, a relative rarity for villains in the series. In the first, "The Secret of Superman", he deduces that Kent is Superman, but is killed in a police shootout soon after. In "The Clown Who Cried", he falls off a building and Superman is unable to save him. He also appeared as "The Spector" in "The Phantom Ring", where the criminals developed a machine that can make them invisible. Finally, in that episode, he survives, albeit rather banged up by Superman. Brocco was also on two episodes of "Combat!", "The Long Walk" in 1964 and "The Flying Machine" in 1966. He appeared as Claymare, an Organian council member, in the "" episode "Errand of Mercy", which established the uneasy treaty of peace between the United Federation of Planets and the Klingon Empire.

Brocco displayed a comedic talent portraying Peter The Waiter for 8 episodes of "The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show" on CBS during their 1955-1956 New York City season.

Brocco played Colonel Matterson, a patient who used a wheelchair and had dementia, in the Academy Award-winning "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (1975). He also appeared as the patient in the hospital, Mr. Eagane, in the "Happy Days" 1974 episode "Hardware Jungle". In 1983 he played Ali MacGraw's father in the epic TV miniseries "The Winds of War".

Brocco lived for some 40 years in Laurel Canyon, in a 1920s Spanish style home on Laurel Canyon Blvd. near the Country Store. He had his ceramics studio in the ground floor, a source of income when he was blacklisted for a while during the red scare of the early 1950s.

Brocco died from a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, on December 20, 1992, aged 89.



</doc>
<doc id="3836835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3836835" title="Charles Cooper (actor)">
Charles Cooper (actor)

Charles Darwin Cooper (August 11, 1926 – November 29, 2013) was an American actor who has played a wide variety of television and film roles for more than a half century from 1950 to 2001.

On Broadway, Cooper appeared in "The Winner" (1954) and "All You Need Is One Good Break" (1950).

In 1958, Cooper played the outlaw Tate Masters in the episode "Twelve Guns" of NBC's western television series "Cimarron City" with George Montgomery and John Smith. In 1959, he played a gunfighter, Jack Rollins, in the episode "The Visitor" of "Lawman," an ABC/Warner Brothers Television western series.

He was cast as Matt Yordy in the 1961 episode "Honest Abe" of Chuck Connors' "The Rifleman".

Cooper made four guest appearances on "Perry Mason", including the role of murderer Philip Strague in the 1958 episode, "The Case of the Buried Clock." His final appearance in 1962 was as Ben Willoughby in "The Case of the Poison Pen-Pal."

Cooper is perhaps best remembered for his appearances in "Star Trek" related roles. He played the Klingon Chancellor K'mpec in "" episodes "" and "Reunion" and the Klingon General Korrd in "".

His other film roles included appearances in the Alfred Hitchcock film "The Wrong Man" (1956), "A Dog's Best Friend" (1959), the comedy "Valet Girls" (1987), and the action film "Blind Fury" (1989) starring Rutger Hauer.



</doc>
<doc id="3837727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3837727" title="Matt Lanter">
Matt Lanter

Matthew MacKendree Lanter (born April 1, 1983) is an American actor and model. He gained fame by playing Liam Court in The CW's teen drama series "90210", a spin-off of the 1990s Fox series "Beverly Hills, 90210". He also appeared in some major released films, such as "Disaster Movie", "", "Sorority Row", "Vampires Suck", "The Roommate", and "Pitch Perfect 3". He is the voice of Anakin Skywalker in "" and "Star Wars Rebels". From 2016 to 2018, he starred as Wyatt Logan, a time traveler, in the NBC series "Timeless".

In 2004, Lanter was a contestant on Bravo's reality show "Manhunt: The Search for America's Most Gorgeous Male Model". He did not win the competition. Within a few weeks of moving to Los Angeles, California, Lanter successfully auditioned for the role of Nick on the supernatural teen-drama Fox series "Point Pleasant". He had a major recurring role throughout the first and only season of the series. He has since then appeared in television shows such as "Grey's Anatomy", "8 Simple Rules", "Big Love" and "Heroes".

In April 2005, he signed on to become a series regular portraying the role of Horace Calloway on ABC's political drama series "Commander in Chief", starring Geena Davis and Donald Sutherland. The series premiered on September 27, 2005, ran for one season and was cancelled on June 14, 2006.

In 2008, he took on the lead role as Zach Conroy in "", with Francia Raisa.

In February 2008, he was announced to portray the lead role of Will, in Lionsgate's Parody/Comedy film "Disaster Movie". The film is written and directed by directing and screenwriting duo Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer who have previously worked on other Parody films such as "Meet The Spartans" and "Epic Movie". The film spoofs recent disaster films such as "Cloverfield". He stars with Kim Kardashian, Vanessa Minnillo and Carmen Electra. The film, which was released on August 29, 2008, was a critical failure. The film grossed over $34 million worldwide and received extremely negative reviews from critics, as well as six nominations at the 29th Golden Raspberry Awards.

In October 2008, he was announced to star in Summit Entertainment's remake of the cult 1983 slasher film "The House on Sorority Row". The film stars Briana Evigan, Audrina Patridge, and Rumer Willis. "Sorority Row" was released on September 11, 2009, to negative reviews.

In 2009, he began a major recurring role on The CW's "90210" portraying the role of Liam Court. In September 2009, he was announced as a series regular for the second season. The series is a sequel to the 1990s teen drama series "Beverly Hills, 90210". In March 2010, he signed on for another parody project with Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer, 20th Century Fox's "Vampires Suck". He played Edward Sullen, a spoof of Edward Cullen from the "Twilight" saga. The film was released on August 18, 2010.

In May 2009, it was announced he had signed on for the role of Jason Webber in Screen Gems' horror film "The Roommate". Starring with Minka Kelly and Leighton Meester, filming took place in 2009. The film originally was scheduled for an October 2010 release but was pushed forward to September 17, 2010. However, Screen Gems pushed it to February 4, 2011.

He has worked on two films "Liars All" and "A Chance of Rain". He also voices Harry Osborn, Flash Thompson and Venom in the TV series "Ultimate Spider-Man", which premiered on April 1, 2012. He has also signed on to voice the role of Sled in "Secret of the Wings", which will be released in October 2012.

On March 5, 2013, Lanter was cast as a co-star in The CW's science fiction drama series "Star-Crossed" (originally titled "Oxygen") opposite Aimee Teegarden. "Star-Crossed" is about a romance between a human girl (Teegarden) and an alien boy (Lanter) when he and six others of his kind are integrated into a suburban high school 10 years after they landed on Earth and were consigned to an internment camp.

In 2016, Lanter began playing the role of Wyatt Logan in the NBC series "Timeless". Its second season was broadcast in early 2018, but the series was not renewed by NBC.

On February 11, 2019, it was announced that Lanter was cast as George Hutchence in the upcoming Netflix superhero series "Jupiter's Legacy".

In December 2006, he was announced to voice the role of Anakin Skywalker for the animated film "" which was released on August 15, 2008. The film had box office success earning worldwide $69,182,844. He continued in the role in the television series "" which premiered on October 3, 2008, on the Cartoon Network. He has also reprised his role in various video games based on the franchise. The series' fourth season premiered in September, 2011. Season five premiered on Cartoon Network on September 29, 2012. The Red Carpet Premier for the fifth Season was in Orlando, Florida, during Celebration VI on Friday August 24, 2012, where Lanter along with some of his co-stars Samuel Witwer, James Arnold Taylor, Dee Bradley Baker, Tom Kane, Daniel Logan and Stephen Stanton as well as supervising director Dave Filoni attended this special event.

Lanter was born in Massillon, Ohio, and moved to Atlanta, Georgia, in 1991. He majored in Business at the University of Georgia. On June 14, 2013, he married his longtime girlfriend, Angela Stacy. The two had been in a relationship since 2009. They welcomed their first child, daughter MacKenlee Faire Lanter, on December 30, 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="3839622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3839622" title="Dylan Bruno">
Dylan Bruno

Dylan Bruno (born September 6, 1972) is an American actor and former model. His first major film role was a supporting part in Steven Spielberg's "Saving Private Ryan" (1998), followed by a lead role in the horror film "" (1999). On television, Bruno portrayed FBI agent Colby Granger in "Numbers" and disgraced former Army Ranger Jason Paul Dean in "NCIS".

Bruno was born September 6, 1972 in Milford, Connecticut, to actor Scott Bruno and the late Nancy (née Mendillo) Bruno. His older brother is film and television actor, director and producer Chris Bruno. Growing up, the brothers lived in Milford with their mother and spent time with their father on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.

In 1994, Bruno earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Engineering from MIT, where he played varsity football as a linebacker. "When I got into MIT, I just decided it was an opportunity I didn't want to turn down," he said. "I actually found out that I had the second-lowest SAT scores at MIT. (The guy with the lowest scores and I) would always hang out together and be like, 'Yeah, we're the second-to-last and last dumbest guy in the school.'" Upon graduating, Bruno worked for a robotics company before deciding to pursue a career in acting.

In 1995, while working as a model for Calvin Klein, Bruno made his television acting debut on the NBC series "High Sierra Search and Rescue". He made his film debut in "Naked Ambition" (1997). In 1998, he had small roles in "Saving Private Ryan" and "When Trumpets Fade" and competed in and won a special episode of "American Gladiators" (1989–96). He co-starred in "" (1999), "Where the Heart Is" (2000), "Going Greek" (2001).

He portrayed an L.A.P.D. cop in "The One" (2001), a rock musician in "The Simian Line" (2001), and Harry "Blaine" Mayhugh, Jr., in "The Pennsylvania Miners' Story" (2002). He also appeared in "The Anarchists -Cookbook" (2002). Bruno had a five-year run as "Colby Granger" on the hit TV show, "Numbers".

In May 2010, he joined "NCIS" for three episodes, playing a disgraced U.S. Army Ranger who worked for a Mexican drug cartel; in the Season 7 finale, his character died in a gunfight.

Bruno has done voice-over work for several products such as Bacardi Silver, Coors Light, Chevrolet, Jeep, Virtual Boy, and Sony Handycam. In addition to his voice-over work, Bruno is the current narrator of the Discovery Channel program "Rides".

Bruno is married and has two sons. He is an avid spearfisher.



</doc>
<doc id="3840914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3840914" title="Robert Buckley">
Robert Buckley

Robert Earl Buckley (born May 2, 1981) is an American actor, known for his roles as Kirby Atwood on NBC's comedy-drama series "Lipstick Jungle" and Clay Evans on The CW's teen drama series "One Tree Hill". Buckley also starred as Brian Leonard on ABC's horror drama series "666 Park Avenue", and has portrayed Major Lillywhite on The CW's comedy-drama series "iZombie" from 2015 until 2019.

Buckley was born in Claremont in Los Angeles County, California. He earned a degree in economics from the University of California, San Diego, graduating in 2003. As a college student, Buckley appeared as a contestant on "The Price Is Right". After working for a year as an economic consultant, he moved back to Los Angeles to pursue a career in acting.

In 2006, Buckley made his acting debut as a series regular on the MyNetworkTV primetime telenovela "Fashion House", playing the role of Michael Bauer. Buckley then made his feature film debut in the horror "When a Killer Calls", released in February 2006. He subsequently joined the cast of another MyNetworkTV telenovela, portraying the role of Matthew Wakefield in "American Heiress". In 2007, Buckley guest starred on an episode of "Ghost Whisperer". Also in 2007, he was cast in the recurring role of Kirby Atwood on NBC's comedy-drama series "Lipstick Jungle".

The following year, Buckley signed on to play surf instructor Kyle Hamilton in the Lifetime film "Flirting with Forty", alongside Heather Locklear. He then co-starred as Nik in the horror comedy "Killer Movie", alongside Kaley Cuoco, Leighton Meester, and Paul Wesley, which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2008. In 2009, The CW announced that Buckley would appear in a two-episode guest arc on the comedy-drama series "Privileged" as David Besser.

In June 2009, it was announced that Buckley had signed to star as a series regular on The CW's teen drama series "One Tree Hill". He played the role of sports agent Clay Evans and remained with "One Tree Hill" until the series' ending in April 2012. In February 2010, Buckley was reported to be in the running for the title role in Marvel's "", but the part ultimately went to Chris Evans.

From 2012 to 2013, Buckley starred in the short-lived horror drama series "666 Park Avenue", portraying struggling playwright Brian Leonard who moves into a haunted building with his wife. In 2013, he was cast in a two-episode guest arc on season three of The CW's comedy-drama series "Hart of Dixie". The following year, he co-starred in the "Veronica Mars" web spin-off series "Play It Again, Dick", featuring Ryan Hansen in the central role. In 2015, he began starring as Major Lilywhite on The CW's comedy-drama horror series "iZombie". In June 2016, Buckley was cast to star in the first episode of the Hulu anthology series "Dimension 404", alongside Lea Michele and Joel McHale.

In May 2018, Buckley married actress Jenny Wade.



</doc>
<doc id="3852469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3852469" title="Sam Harris (singer)">
Sam Harris (singer)

Samuel Kent Harris (born June 4, 1961) is an American pop and theater musician as well as a television, theater and film actor.

Harris got his start as the grand champion singer of "Star Search" in its premiere season in 1983. He gained acclaim and became best known for his winning rendition of the song "Over the Rainbow" on the show. "Over the Rainbow" has since become his signature song. His appearance on "Star Search" led to him landing a contract with Motown Records. His first single, "Sugar Don't Bite," was a Top 40 hit, reaching #36 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in November 1984. He is a multi-million selling recording artist with nine studio albums to his credit. He can also be heard on numerous concert, guest artist, and cast recordings. He has toured extensively in concert and has played to sold-out audiences at major venues including New York's Carnegie Hall, Los Angeles' Universal Amphitheatre, and London's West End. He has appeared with the Boston Pops Orchestra, at the White House, and has sung on a variety of television specials and live productions. On February 12, 2008, he released a new single entitled "War on War" that became an Internet phenomenon with music videos made by the general public. The song became a part of his album, "Free", which was released that summer. The single "Change Is On The Way" was written to support the Obama campaign and was heard on numerous television shows and behind Internet videos around the time of the election. In 2010, Sam wrote and released "My Reclamation," which has become an anthem for marriage equality. Harris was cited by "Rolling Stone" magazine as "One of the greatest 100 singers of all time."

On Broadway, he received a Drama Desk nomination for his role in the Tommy Tune-directed revival of "Grease", and a Drama League Award as well as Tony, Outer Critic's Circle and Drama Desk Award nominations for his work in Cy Coleman's Tony-nominated musical "The Life". He's also appeared on Broadway in Mel Brooks' Tony Award-winning musical "The Producers", in the national tour of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat", and in the musicals "Jesus Christ Superstar", "Cabaret", "Hair", and "Pippin" and "The First Wives Club." . He also starred in the self-penned shows "Hardcopy", "Different Hats", "Revival" and the critically acclaimed "SAM". Harris's most recent show was "Ham: A Musical Memoir" which played in New York and Los Angeles. The Los Angeles run received Ovation Awards for Best Musical, Best Actor (Harris), and Best Musical Director (for Todd Schroeder.)

Harris has appeared in three feature films to date: "In the Weeds" (2000, as Jonathan), the documentary "Little Man" (2005, as himself) and "Elena Undone" (2010, as Tyler).

Harris co-created the television series "Down to Earth" (1984, which ran for four years and 104 episodes). In addition to his now iconic performances on "Star Search" he was a series regular on "The Class" (2006-2007 - Perry Pearl). Harris is also credited on "Rules of Engagement" (Jackie, recurring), "The Wayne Brady Show", "CSI" (Alan Widcom), "Major Crimes" (Jason) among others. He was music supervisor on "Michael Jackson: 30th Anniversary Celebration" (2001), and has also appeared on numerous talk shows including "The Rosie O'Donnell Show" (1997 and 2000 - three episodes), "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" (1994), "Brunch" (co-host (2006), "The Oprah Winfrey Show" (1997 and 2001 - two episodes), "Dr. Phil"'s 500th episode (2005), "The View" (2007 - one episode), "The Tyra Banks Show" (2010), "The Dr. Drew Show" (2011) and "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon".

In 2014, Harris penned a collection of autobiographical essays and stories entitled "Ham - Slices of a Life" which was published by Simon & Schuster/Gallery Books, and received unanimous critical praise. Harris subsequently adapted the book into an Off-off-Broadway solo performance, "HAM: A Musical Memoir".

Harris and Danny Jacobsen, who is a director and presentation coach for numerous blue-chip companies and also a film producer, have been together since 1994. In 2008, they adopted a son, Cooper Atticus Harris-Jacobsen, and then the couple married.




</doc>
<doc id="3857390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3857390" title="Ken Murray (entertainer)">
Ken Murray (entertainer)

Ken Murray (born Kenneth Abner Doncourt, July 14, 1903 – October 12, 1988) was an American comedian, actor, radio and television personality and author.

Murray was born in New York City to a family of vaudeville performers. Many sources incorrectly give his birth name as Don Court. He had an older brother, Joseph. According to Murray's autobiography "Life on a Pogo Stick", as a teenager he learned that Joseph was actually his father and the couple whom he thought were his parents were in fact his grandparents. The family withheld the truth from Murray because Joseph, who was also a vaudevillian, did not want the public to know that he had a young son. Joseph had divorced Murray's mother and decided that his parents would provide a more stable life than he was able to as a traveling performer. Murray also wrote of his quest to find his mother in his later years.

Before embarking on a career in show business, Murray changed his name because he did not want to ride the coattails of his father's success; he wanted to make a name for himself.

Murray got his start in show business on the stage in 1920s as a stand-up comedian. He performed his comedy act on the vaudeville circuit and in burlesque. He found success as a stage performer after appearing in Earl Carroll's "Vanities" on Broadway in 1935.

In the 1940s, Murray became famous for his "Blackouts", a racy, stage variety show featuring Marie Wilson (among others) at the El Capitan Theatre on Vine Street in Hollywood. The Blackouts played to standing-room-only audiences for 3,844 performances, ending in 1949. Later that year, the show moved to Broadway with Marie Windsor replacing Marie Wilson. It received devastating reviews (the revue was considered too ribald for more sophisticated New York audiences) and closed after six weeks.

Murray revived the "Blackouts" on the Las Vegas stage in 1956. The show was a hit and ran for three years.

After finding success on the vaudeville stage, Murray moved to Hollywood and made his film debut in the 1929 romantic drama "Half Marriage", followed by a role in "Leathernecking" in 1930.

Murray was the host of a weekly radio variety show (The Ken Murray Show) on NBC 1932-33 and on CBS 1936-37. He later was the original host (1945–57) of "Queen for a Day", on the Mutual Broadcasting System radio show, which was simulcast on KTSL (now KCBS-TV), Channel 2 in Los Angeles.

During World War II, Murray was one of the many celebrities to volunteer at the Hollywood Canteen.

In 1947, he produced "Bill and Coo", a feature film using trained birds and other animals as actors. "Bill and Coo" won a special Academy Award for "novel and entertaining use of the medium of motion picture" and "artistry and patience" .

He was also the host of "The Ken Murray Show", a weekly music and comedy show on CBS Television that ran from 1950 to 1953. The show was the first to win a Freedom Foundation Award. Murray also guest starred on several television series, including "The Ford Show, Starring Tennessee Ernie Ford" and "The Bing Crosby Show".

Murray produced and co-starred as "Smiling Billy Murray" in a 1953 film, "The Marshal's Daughter", a western that featured his protege Laurie Anders in the title role, her lone film performance.

In 1962, Murray portrayed the top hat wearing, cigar chewing, drunken Doc Willoughby in John Ford's "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance" starring John Wayne and James Stewart, arguably his most memorable screen role. Paired off for most of the picture with Edmond O'Brien as an alcoholic newspaper editor, he drunkenly rolls over the gunshot corpse of villain Liberty Valance (Lee Marvin) with his boot, looks around off-handedly, and says "Dead" to the surrounding crowd of euphoric Mexicans.

Over the course of his career, Murray filmed Hollywood celebrities, using his 16mm home movie camera. He began filming the footage to send back home to his grandparents in lieu of writing letters. His grandmother saved the footage, which featured Hollywood stars including Douglas Fairbanks, Mary Pickford, Charlie Chaplin and Jean Harlow. Murray later assembled the footage in compilation films such as "Hollywood Without Make-Up" (1963). Footage filmed by Murray was used in several television specials, including "Hollywood: My Home Town" and the feature-length film "Ken Murray's Shooting Stars".

In 1964, Murray played Whipsaw, the operator of a stagecoach depot in the episode "Little Cayuse" of the television series "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. He and his partner take in a Cayuse orphan (Larry Domasin), who demonstrates his loyalty to the men during an Indian attack.

In 1965, Murray played a THRUSH financier and owner of a caribbean casino in "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.".

In 1966, Murray was cast as Melody Murphy in the Walt Disney film "Follow Me, Boys!" starring Fred MacMurray, Vera Miles and Kurt Russell.

Murray was also the author of a number of books, including his autobiography published in 1960, titled "The Golden Days of San Simeon" (1971), and the only complete life story in print of Broadway theatre impresario Earl Carroll, titled "The Body Merchant" (1976).

Murray was married three times and had four children. He married vaudeville and burlesque performer Charlotta (Charlotte) La Rose in 1923. The couple appeared in vaudeville together and later divorced. On July 4, 1941, Murray married model Cleatus Caldwell at the home of actor Lew Ayres in Hollywood. Edgar Bergen served as Murray's best man. The couple had two sons, Ken, Jr. (1942-1979) and Cort Riley (born 1944), before divorcing in September 1945.

Murray married his third wife, Betty Lou Walters, in December 1948. The couple had two daughters, Pam and Jane, and remained married until Murray's death on October 12, 1988 at Saint Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California, aged 85. Murray has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1724 Vine Street for his contribution to the radio industry. He was a Republican.




</doc>
<doc id="3857533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3857533" title="Christopher Gorham">
Christopher Gorham

Christopher David Gorham (born August 14, 1974) is an American actor who is best known for the ABC series "Ugly Betty". He has also appeared in such series as "Insatiable", "Popular", "Odyssey 5", "Felicity", "Jake 2.0", "Medical Investigation", "Out of Practice", "Harper's Island", "Covert Affairs", and "Once Upon a Time".

Gorham was born in Fresno, California, to David Gorham, a certified public accountant, and Cathryn Gorham, a school nurse. He attended Roosevelt School of the Arts and graduated from UCLA with a B.A. in Theater in 1996. While in college he participated in many sports, including martial arts, stage combat, fencing, rollerblading, and ballroom dancing.

His first job in the acting business was as an intern on "Baywatch" (1989). Gorham has appeared in a number of science fiction TV series, ranging from a starring role in "Odyssey 5" to the title character in "Jake 2.0". He also had roles on "Party of Five", "Felicity", and "Without a Trace". He has also acted in films, including 2001's "The Other Side of Heaven" co-starring Anne Hathaway.

Gorham played Harrison John in the WB series "Popular" and Dr. Miles McCabe in the NBC drama "Medical Investigation". He played the lead role in the short-lived CBS series "Out of Practice." He was also the lead of ABC Family's original movie "Relative Chaos".

Three years after "Jake 2.0" ended, Gorham had a recurring role as Henry Grubstick in Silvio Horta's new series, "Ugly Betty", and played the main love interest for the series' heroine Betty Suarez (played by America Ferrera). He joined the cast full-time for the series' second season. He then left in July 2008, but returned for the Season 3 and then also the Season 4 finale. He starred in the 2009 CBS TV miniseries, "Harper's Island", in which characters were killed off every week leading to the eventual reveal of the murderer.

From July 13, 2010 until December 18, 2014, Gorham played blind special ops agent Auggie Anderson on "Covert Affairs", leading the main character, a trainee CIA agent played by Piper Perabo, at her new job. The series was highly successful for the USA Network, running for five seasons. The series was cancelled in January 2015. BuddyTV ranked Gorham fifth on its list of "TV's Sexiest Men of 2011".

In 2014 Gorham recurred in the back half of the third season of "Once Upon a Time" as Walsh, the Wizard of Oz. He currently plays rival pageant coach Bob Barnard on the Netflix series "Insatiable" which premiered August 10, 2018.

Gorham is married to his former "Popular" co-star, Anel Lopez Gorham, with whom he has three children: sons born 2001 and 2003, and a daughter born in January 2009. He is an autism awareness advocate as he has a child diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.


</doc>
<doc id="3863002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3863002" title="Jerry Zaks">
Jerry Zaks

Jerry Zaks (born September 7, 1946) is an American stage and television director, and actor. He won the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play and Drama Desk Award for directing "The House of Blue Leaves", "Lend Me a Tenor", and "Six Degrees of Separation" and the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Musical and Drama Desk Award for "Guys and Dolls".

Zaks was born in Stuttgart, Germany, the son of Holocaust survivors, Lily (Gliksman) and Sy Zaks, a butcher. His family immigrated to the United States in 1948, finally settling in Paterson, New Jersey. He graduated from Dartmouth College and received a Master of Fine Arts from Smith College.

He made his Broadway acting debut in the original production of "Grease" as "Kenickie" and appeared in "Tintypes" in 1980. He made his directing debut in 1981 with the off-Broadway production of Christopher Durang's "Beyond Therapy", which co-starred Sigourney Weaver. He has directed many Broadway productions, both musicals and dramas.

He has also directed many Off-Broadway productions, several at Playwrights Horizons and the Public Theater. He directed the City Center Encores! productions of "Girl Crazy" (November 2009), "Stairway to Paradise" (May 2007), and "Bye Bye Birdie" (May 2004).

He was the director of the new musical "101 Dalmatians Musical", which toured the United States from October 2009 through April 2010. Zaks was named "creative consultant" for the new musical "The Addams Family", which opened on Broadway in April 2010.

He directed the Broadway production of "Sister Act", which opened in Spring 2011.

Zaks served as Resident Director at Lincoln Center from 1986 to 1990 and is a founding member of the Ensemble Studio Theatre.

As an actor, Zaks' screen credits include "Outrageous Fortune", "Crimes and Misdemeanors", and "Husbands and Wives". On television he has appeared in "M*A*S*H" and "The Edge of Night" and directed episodes of "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Frasier", "Hope and Faith", and "Two and a Half Men", among others. He also directed the feature films "Marvin's Room" and "Who Do You Love?" "Marvin's Room" won the Golden St. George at the 20th Moscow International Film Festival.

Zaks received the George Abbott Award for Lifetime Achievement in the Theater in 1994 and an honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from Dartmouth College in 1999. He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2013.

Zaks married Jill Rose, an actress, on January 14, 1979; they have two children, Emma and Hannah Zaks.






</doc>
<doc id="3877499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3877499" title="Bob Carroll (singer/actor)">
Bob Carroll (singer/actor)

Bob Carroll (June 8, 1918 – November 12, 1994) was a big band singer and stage, film, and television actor.

The son of a piano salesman, Carroll attended high school in Brooklyn.

Carroll's singing career was interrupted by three years' service in the U.S. Army during World War II. When he returned to civilian life, he joined Jimmy Dorsey's orchestra.

Carroll also sang with other orchestras, including Charlie Barnet and Glenn Miller in the 1940s and Gordon Jenkins (for whom he recorded the hit "Charmaine" in 1951) in the 1950s. He is heard on the soundtrack of "The Prowler" (1951) singing "Baby". In 1957 his version of "Butterfly" on Bally Records made the charts peaking at No. 61.

In the mid-1960s, Carroll was host and singer on "All Time Hits", a musical program on WGN-TV in Chicago.

In the 1960s he turned to acting and his stage career peaked in those years.

On television, he appeared both in soap operas and prime time series. He performed on "Songs for Sale" (1950-1952) and was a regular vocalist on NBC's "Judge for Yourself", starring Fred Allen, which aired in the 1953-1954 season.

In the theater, he performed in various touring productions of "Fiddler on the Roof", including in 1966 (playing Lazar) and 1968 (playing Tevye) as well as the 1989 pre-Broadway tour (playing Morcha). He also played 1984 touring production of "La Cage aux Folles" (playing Dindon). Other touring productions in which he appeared included "Guys and Dolls, The Pajama Game," and "Say, Darling."

Carroll died at the age of 76 in Port Washington, New York, where he resided.

Personal info also received from his children Melanie Dib, Laura Leigh Carroll, Jody Carroll and Keith Carroll as well as his grandchild Luke Dib.


</doc>
<doc id="3877581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3877581" title="Johnny Puleo">
Johnny Puleo

Johnny Puleo (October 7, 1907 – May 3, 1983) was an American musician and actor who specialized in playing the harmonica.

Born a dwarf (he stood 4 feet 6 inches or 1.37 meters as an adult) in Washington, D.C., he worked as a newspaper seller until being discovered at a contest in Boston held by bandleader Borrah Minevitch, of The Harmonica Rascals. Soon he joined a comedy variety act, during which time he learned the art of pantomime that contributed so much to his success. He then joined the Rascals, with whom he toured the world.

In 1941 Johnny tried to leave the Rascals and start his own group. The entire new group moved in with Johnny's parents, living and rehearsing in the basement. It did not last long, though, because Borrah Minevitch found them and got them working for him again.

After Minevitch's death in 1955, Puleo formed his own band, The Harmonica Gang to avoid conflict with the Paul Baron Rascals, which took over the original band name in 1956. The group many albums on Audio Fidelity records starting in 1957, and even released a two record album with the Chimes Family. He also acted in several films, most notably "Trapeze" (1956). The Harmonica Gang appeared at top supper clubs throughout the USA, including the famous Latin Quarter in New York and Miami Beach, the Riviera in Las Vegas, Palmer House in Chicago, The Roosevelt in New Orleans, and Twin Coaches in Pittsburgh, as well as venues like the Moulin Rouge and London Palladium overseas.

Puleo and his five-member band released a series of high-energy light-pop LPs on Audio Fidelity Records. His first album was the first LP to be released in a single-tone-arm stereo format in 1958. More (at least seven) albums on the Audio Fidelity label followed well into the 1960s. One of his (and their) best performances is "Sabre Dance", With Master Player Dave Doucette Playing The Lead Harmonica, which, along with several of their other tunes, is posted on YouTube.

He died of a heart attack at Holy Cross Hospital in his native Washington, D.C. in 1983.

He performed in front of such notables as the Royal Command in England and the Presidents of the United States and France. In addition to his mastery of the harmonica, he was a past master of the art of pantomime and a dramatic actor of considerable ability. Puleo made numerous appearances on "The Ed Sullivan Show", "The Hollywood Palace", "Milton Berle's Variety Show" and "Steve Allen Show".

Puleo was one of the very first performers to introduce America to using the zip code. In a TV commercial, he climbed up a small ladder and said, "Now remember, use your zip code," as he pointed to a letter going into the mail box.


</doc>
<doc id="3884288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3884288" title="Manuel Benitez">
Manuel Benitez

Manuel Benitez (September 28, 1969 – December 23, 2008), who went by the stage name Mark Everett, was an American child actor in Hollywood films and a fugitive wanted by the FBI for the murder of his girlfriend in 2004. On December 23, 2008, he was shot and killed by police officers responding to a hostage situation in El Monte, California.

Manuel Benitez was the illegitimate son of the internationally famous bullfighter Manuel Benitez, known as "El Cordobés" (not to be confused with the younger bullfighter with the same name who claimed to be El Cordobés' illegitimate son-known in bullfighting circles as "The Pretender"). Spanish paparazzi followed the real El Cordobés and Benitez's mother, Alina Elizabeth Velasco throughout the world as they partied through the 1970s. Their relationship ended in a bitter five-year court dispute, with Velasco moving to Los Angeles to hire the famous palimony lawyer Marvin Mitchelson to seek support for her and her son who seemed a natural in Hollywood.

Benitez was nine years old when he began his acting career. His early roles in Hollywood were guided by child agent, Iris Burton. He was fairly successful, starring in commercials, TV shows and movies. His roles included parts in "Be Somebody... or Be Somebody's Fool!", "Pee-wee's Big Adventure" and "Stand and Deliver." He also appeared in the TV shows "Galactica 1980" and "Highway to Heaven."

Benitez had no major acting work since 1988 when he met Stephanie Spears in 1996. The two moved in together and had one child, Benjamin Everett. Benitez never told Spears or anyone else about his former days as a child actor. According to the FBI, Benitez sold drugs to supplement the money he made doing odd jobs.

Benitez was arrested on drug charges in 2000 and convicted for possession of a concealed and illegal loaded firearm in his son's stroller in 2003 and was sentenced to probation.

His girlfriend eventually decided to end their relationship. On the night of June 20, 2004, Benitez tried to leave with their son while Spears was asleep. After she woke up and tried to stop him, an argument ensued. Benitez allegedly beat her numerous times with a dumbbell, killing her in front of their three-year-old child before fleeing their Hawthorne, California home with him.

Benitez and his son Benjamin were believed to be traveling with his mother, Alina Elizabeth Velasco, who disappeared after Spears' murder. They were sighted in the Medford, Oregon area in December 2004.

On May 11, 2005, a state warrant was issued by the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, for Benitez's arrest after he was charged with murder. Benitez was charged federally with unlawful flight to avoid prosecution and an arrest warrant was issued by the United States District Court, Central District of California, on March 21, 2006.

The FBI was offering a reward of up to $20,000 for information leading to the arrest of Benitez. He was featured on "America's Most Wanted" several times.

On December 23, 2008, police received a call about a suspicious man with a child. A police officer and witnesses noticed a man taking a boy off the sidewalk and then go into a restaurant in El Monte, California. Soon after that, a hostage standoff ensued and Benitez ignored the officers' orders to stop and barricaded himself inside the restaurant bathroom with his son. Benitez told police during negotiations that he was going to shoot police and harm his seven-year-old son whom he held hostage for two hours. One employee of a nearby Mexican restaurant said Benitez had the boy in a headlock and held a gun to his head as he sought a place to hold him.

Police closed nearby streets, and shoppers were evacuated from neighboring stores as dozens of police officers and other emergency crews surrounded the restaurant. Police threw a flash-bang grenade inside and exchanged gunfire with Benitez, killing him. Benitez was declared dead at the Chinese restaurant in an El Monte strip mall. His son was shot in the thigh but survived.

Benitez was later found to have a semi-automatic pistol and a revolver. Alina Elizabeth Velasco has not been located.



</doc>
<doc id="3885288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3885288" title="Jeffrey Asch">
Jeffrey Asch

Jeffrey Asch, also credited as Jeff Asch, is known for his role as Maxwell Nerdstrom in the TV series "Saved by the Bell". He also made minor appearances in other sitcoms, such as "Third Rock from the Sun", "Friends", "Step by Step", "Scrubs", and "Family Matters". His first screen credit was in "Beach Fever", playing Ernie, in 1987. He also played a pizza delivery man in 1999 family film "Little Heroes". Asch's net worth is US$10 million.


</doc>
<doc id="3886585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3886585" title="Jorge Alberti">
Jorge Alberti

Jorge Alberto Martinez (born March 31, 1977 in Mayagüez), known as Jorge Alberti, is a Puerto Rican actor who has starred in many telenovelas, most recently in "Hombre Tenías que Ser".

Jorge Alberti portrayed the role of Roberto on the former NBC daytime drama "Passions" for three years and had a small role in Steven Soderbergh's "Che" starring Benicio del Toro. From 2007-2008 he starred in "Lola", the number one prime time television series in Chile on Canal 13.

In 2007, Jorge Alberti signed on with Hollywood Talent Manager Ruben Malaret of Malaret Entertainment for exclusive representation worldwide and obtained a protagonist role in the Mexican telenovela, "Vuélveme A Querer", in 2009.

In February 2008 Alberti was honored at the world-famous "Viña Del Mar Festival" he was crowned as the "Rey" (King) of the festival by the International Press whom attends the Festival every year.

In 2011, he returned to Mexico to participate in "Emperatriz". A year after Emperatriz ended, he portrayed a villain in "La Otra Cara del Alma".

From late 2013 to early 2014 he portrayed Franco Santoyo on the Azteca produced telenovela "Hombre Tenías que Ser".

Alberti married Karla Parrilla in December 2008. In 2010, Parrilla gave birth to the couple's first child, a daughter named Isabella.



</doc>
<doc id="3888494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3888494" title="Max Thieriot">
Max Thieriot

Maximillion Drake Thieriot (born October 14, 1988) is an American actor and director. He made his acting debut in the 2004 adventure comedy film "Catch That Kid". Thieriot has since appeared in the action comedy "The Pacifier" (2005), the mystery comedy "Nancy Drew" (2007), the sci-fi "Jumper" (2008), the supernatural horror "My Soul to Take" (2010), the erotic thriller "Chloe" (2010), the drama "Disconnect" (2012), the psychological horror-thriller "House at the End of the Street" (2012), and the action-thriller "Point Break" (2015).

From 2013 to 2017, Thieriot starred as Dylan Massett in A&E's drama-thriller series "Bates Motel". He appeared as John Coffee "Jack" Hays in History Channel's miniseries "Texas Rising" (2015). In 2017, Thieriot began playing Navy SEAL Clay Spenser in the CBS drama series "SEAL Team".

Thieriot was born in Los Altos Hills, California, the son of Bridgit Ann (née Snyder) and George Cameron Thieriot. He has one older sister, Frances "Frankie" Cameron, and one younger brother, Aidan. He was raised in the small town of Occidental in Sonoma County, California. Thieriot was educated at the Sonoma Country Day School in Santa Rosa, California for middle school, and went on to attend El Molino High School in Forestville, California, from which he graduated in 2006. Thieriot's ancestors once owned the "San Francisco Chronicle". His great-great-grandfather, M. H. de Young, who was of Dutch Jewish descent, but later converted to Catholicism, co-founded the paper with his brother Charles de Young, and his relatives, Charles and Richard Thieriot, were the editors and publishers of the paper. Thieriot's paternal grandparents, Frances Harrison (née Dade) and Ferdinand Melly Thieriot, died in the sinking of the SS "Andrea Doria" in 1956.

Thieriot was signed to talent manager Don Gibble after taking his improvisation class. He modeled for Gap and appeared in two short films, before being cast in his first feature film role, 2004's adventure film "Catch That Kid", alongside Kristen Stewart and Corbin Bleu. He was subsequently cast in 2005's action comedy film "The Pacifier", portraying one of the family members protected by a Navy SEAL (Vin Diesel). He was nominated for the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Feature Film – Supporting Young Actor for his role. Thieriot then appeared in the drama "The Astronaut Farmer" (2007) and the film adaptation of "Nancy Drew" (2007).

In 2008, he played a younger version of Hayden Christensen's character in "Jumper" (co-starring for the second time with Kristen Stewart). That same year, he appeared in "", for which he won the Young Artist Award Best Performance in a Feature Film – Young Ensemble Cast with his co-stars. In 2009, Thieriot co-starred in the erotic thriller "Chloe". "Chloe" enjoyed commercial success and became director Atom Egoyan's biggest ever box office earner. The following year, he played the lead role in Wes Craven's horror film "My Soul to Take", replacing Dennis Hopper's son Henry Lee Hopper in the cast.

In 2011, he starred in the independent comedy "The Family Tree", alongside Dermot Mulroney and Britt Robertson, and played the lead role in the drama film "Foreverland", opposite Juliette Lewis. Thieriot then co-starred with Jennifer Lawrence in the Mark Tonderai-directed psychological horror-thriller "House at the End of the Street" (2012). That same year, he starred in the drama film "Disconnect". Also in 2012, Thieriot was cast in a leading role in Roland Emmerich's drama pilot for ABC, "Dark Horse", but the project was not picked up to series. From 2013 until its ending in 2017, he portrayed Dylan Massett, the half-brother of Norman Bates, in the critically acclaimed drama series "Bates Motel", alongside Vera Farmiga and Freddie Highmore. He made his directorial debut on the series with the fifth season episode "Hidden".

In 2015, he starred in the History Channel event miniseries "Texas Rising" as John "Jack" Hays, a captain of the Texas Rangers, and appeared in the remake of the action-thriller film "Point Break". In 2017, Thieriot began starring as Navy SEAL Clay Spenser in the CBS drama series "SEAL Team", opposite David Boreanaz and Jessica Paré.

In 2012, Thieriot became engaged to Alexis "Lexi" Murphy, his girlfriend of seven years. He proposed during a trip to the Caribbean, where the pair met as teenagers. On June 1, 2013, they were married in Lake Tahoe, California. The couple announced they had welcomed their first child, a boy named Beaux Thieriot, in late December 2015. They had their second son, Maximus, on January 21, 2018. Through his sister Frankie's marriage, Thieriot is the brother-in-law of former Philadelphia Phillies baseball pitcher Michael Stutes.

As well as being an actor, Thieriot is also a vintner. He, along with childhood friends Christopher Strieter and Myles Lawrence-Briggs, owns vineyards in his hometown of Occidental and distributes wine through their label Senses. In the third season of "Bates Motel", the main characters can be seen drinking Senses during a family-dinner scene.



</doc>
<doc id="3889127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3889127" title="Eli Marienthal">
Eli Marienthal

Eli David Marienthal (born March 6, 1986) is an American actor.

Marienthal was born in Santa Monica, California in 1986, the son of Penny Marienthal and Joseph Cross. He has two siblings, actors Harley Cross and Flora Cross. Marienthal is Jewish. In addition to acting, Marienthal has written and performed his own work as a poet, dancer, and playwright.

Marienthal graduated from the private East Bay French-American School in Berkeley, where all students learn to speak French and attend classes in two languages, and from Berkeley High School in 2004. He graduated magna cum laude from Brown University in 2008 with a double major in comparative literature and international development studies. He also holds a master's degree in development studies from Brown. As of February 2019, Marienthal is a doctoral candidate in geography at the University of California, Berkeley.

Marienthal's career started in Bay Area stage theater work, performing in "Missing Persons", "The Cryptogram", "Hecuba", "A Midsummer Night's Dream", "Every 17 Minutes the Crowd Goes Crazy", and "The Life of Galileo".

Marienthal is known for the role of Robin (Tim Drake) in "" and the episode "The Big Leagues" from "Static Shock". He replaced the previous voice actor, Mathew Valencia, because in these appearances, Robin was supposed to sound older than he had on the animated series. He played the title role of "Tucker Pierce" in the "Tucker" television series. He is also the voice of Hogarth Hughes in the 1999 film "The Iron Giant" and plays Steve Stifler's younger brother in the 1999 film "American Pie" and its 2001 sequel, "American Pie 2". His last film role to date was in the teenage-oriented comedy, "Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen" (2004), opposite Lindsay Lohan, as Sam.


</doc>
<doc id="3890525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3890525" title="Tris Coffin">
Tris Coffin

Tristram Chockley Coffin (August 13, 1909 – March 26, 1990) was a film and television actor from the latter 1930s through the 1970s, usually in westerns or other action-adventure productions.

Coffin was born in the gold and silver mining community of Mammoth in Juab County in central Utah and reared in the state capital of Salt Lake City. His mother was actress Elizabeth Christie, and his uncle was writer Robert P. T. Coffin.
He began acting while he was in high school and thereafter joined traveling stock companies. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in speech from the University of Washington at Seattle, Washington. He worked as a news analyst and sportscaster until spotted by a Hollywood talent scout. His stolid looks were said to have served him well in his later roles.

In 1940, Coffin appeared as Phillips in "Chasing Trouble", a comedy espionage film. He is perhaps best known for his role as Jeff King in Republic Pictures' "King of the Rocket Men" (1949), the first of three serials starring the "Rocketman" character. During the 1940s and into the early 1950s Coffin appeared in other movie serials, including "Dick Tracy's G-Men" (1939), "Jesse James Rides Again" (1947), "Bruce Gentry" (1949), "Pirates of the High Seas" (1950), "Mysterious Dr. Satan" (1940), "Sky Raiders" (1941), "Holt of the Secret Service" (1941), "Perils of Nyoka" (1942), "Federal Agents vs. the Underworld" (1949), and "Radar Patrol vs. Spy King" (1950).

In 1955, he joined Peter Graves, William Schallert, and Tyler McVey in the episode "The Man Who Tore Down the Wall" of NBC's "Hallmark Hall of Fame". He had guest starred in the series "Adventures of Superman", sometimes playing a "good guy", sometimes a "bad guy". In 1954 he appeared as Principal Garwood in "Stamp Day for Superman" which was produced by Superman, Inc. for The United States Department of the Treasury to promote the purchase of U.S. Savings Bonds.

He also had a role in the very first TV episode of "The Lone Ranger", as Captain Dan Reid of the Texas Rangers, the older brother of the man who would become The Lone Ranger after his brother and four other comrades were murdered by outlaws. From 1951 to 1955, he appeared eight times as Colonel Culver in the Bill Williams syndicated television series, "The Adventures of Kit Carson". He appeared nine times as banker Tom Barton in the syndicated half-hour color western series, "The Cisco Kid", starring Duncan Renaldo and Leo Carrillo. In 1956, Coffin appeared in different roles in six episodes of the syndicated series, "Judge Roy Bean", with Edgar Buchanan, Jack Buetel, and Jackie Loughery. He also appeared as a guest star in the ABC western series, "The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp", starring Hugh O'Brian in the title role.

Coffin appeared in the role of Col. Willis Murdock on the ABC/Warner Brothers western series, "Colt .45" in the 1960 episode, "The Cause". On February 9, 1960, Coffin appeared as Grey Gordon in "The 10 percent Blues" of the ABC/WB crime drama, "Bourbon Street Beat", with Andrew Duggan, Richard Long, and Van Williams. He guest starred as well on the ABC/WB western series, "The Alaskans".

Coffin starred as Captain Thomas H. Rynning in his own syndicated series "26 Men" (1957), based on official files of the Arizona Rangers in the final days of taming the "Old West" before Arizona statehood in 1912. Kelo Henderson appeared with Coffin in the role of Deputy Clint Travis.

In 1966, Coffin played Joshua Bean, the older brother of Roy Bean (played by Tom Skerritt) in the episode "A Sense of Justice", of the syndicated western series "Death Valley Days". The segment is set in San Diego, California, where Joshua Bean was the founding mayor. He appeared in other "Death Valley Days" episodes too, including "The Hat That Huldah Wore" with Anna-Lisa and "Hugh Glass Meets The Bear" with John Alderson, both also in 1966. 

In 1954, Coffin committed a noted blooper on the "Climax!" live television anthology series, in "The Long Goodbye", in which Coffin's character was depicted as lying dead. The actor did not realize he was still on frame, resurrected himself, and walked off camera. Despite this mishap, the actor was cast and appeared in another episode of "Climax!", "Escape From Fear", in 1955.

He appeared in comedy too, including episodes of "Father Knows Best", "Hey, Jeannie!", "I Love Lucy", "Batman", and Walter Brennan's "The Real McCoys".

Coffin married model Vera Duke, nee Veta Hetman, January 6, 1948 in California.

Coffin died of lung cancer in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 80. His ashes were scattered at sea.




</doc>
<doc id="3899773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3899773" title="James Hampton (actor)">
James Hampton (actor)

James Wade Hampton (born July 9, 1936) is an American actor, television director, and screenwriter.

Hampton was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and raised in Dallas, Texas, where his father operated a cleaning business. He majored in theatre arts at the University of North Texas in Denton. While attending UNT, he was a member of the Gamma Lambda chapter of Kappa Alpha Order. After a series of failed jobs including bodyguard, bartender, and photojournalist, he was inducted into the United States Army. He was stationed in Germany and performed with the USO, for which he won awards.

Following his service, he performed in summer stock in Texas and then moved to New York City, where he was given his first film role - the Academy Award-nominated short subject "The Cliffdwellers". Hampton's next role came as the lead character in a May 1963 "Gunsmoke" episode entitled "Jeb", featuring his friend and series regular Burt Reynolds.

Hampton is known for his roles in CBS's "The Doris Day Show" (as Leroy, the handyman); ABC's "F Troop" (as Hannibal Dobbs the incompetent bugler); Robert Aldrich's "The Longest Yard" (1974); " (1975)"; "Teen Wolf" (1985); the "Teen Wolf" television series (1986 to 1989); "" (1988); and "Sling Blade" (1996). Hampton guest starred as Jim Rockford's cousin Aaron Ironwood in a 1975 episode of NBC's "The Rockford Files". He received a HALO Award for "Hawmps!", and a Golden Globe Award nomination for "Most Promising Newcomer" for the part of "Caretaker" in "The Longest Yard". He was also the spokesman for the American Egg Board.

In 1964, Hampton was cast as publisher William Randolph Hearst in the episode "The Paper Dynasty" of the syndicated western television series, "Death Valley Days", hosted by Stanley Andrews. In the story line, Hearst struggles to turn a profit despite increased circulation of "The San Francisco Examiner". James Lanphier (1920-1969) plays Ambrose Bierce; Robert O. Cornthwaite was cast as Sam Chamberlain.

In 2012, Hampton appeared in an advertisement on MeTV touting some of the shows in which he had guest starred, including "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C." and "The Rockford Files".

Hampton married his wife actress Mary Deese in 2002. They reside in Texas.


</doc>
<doc id="3899904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3899904" title="Austin Stoker">
Austin Stoker

Austin Stoker (born October 7, 1930) is a Trinidadian-American actor known for his role as Lt. Ethan Bishop, the police officer in charge of the besieged Precinct 9, Division 13, in John Carpenter's Howard Hawks-inspired, 1976 film, "Assault on Precinct 13". This was one of the few heroic starring roles for a black actor in an action film of the 1970s outside of the blaxploitation genre.

Stoker was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. He started his career on stage, including the 1954 Broadway production of Truman Capote's House of Flowers, where he met his future wife, Enid Mosier (acting name Vivian Bonnell). Prior to his role as Lt. Bishop, Stoker appeared in several blaxploitation films, often playing police detectives. Among these films were "Abby" (1974), "Combat Cops" (1974), and "Sheba, Baby" (1975), in which he played Pam Grier's love interest. Some of Stoker's other notable acting roles were in "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" (1973), "Horror High" (1974), "Airport 1975" (1974), "Victory at Entebbe" (1976), and the 1977 television mini-series ""Roots"".

Stoker is known to "Mystery Science Theater 3000" fans for his role as Dr. Ken Melrose in the 1982 B-movie, "Time Walker", in which he appeared with Darwin Joston, his co-star from "Assault on Precinct 13".



</doc>
<doc id="3901755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3901755" title="Jeff Doucette">
Jeff Doucette

Jeff Doucette (born November 25, 1947) is an American television and film actor. Doucette has appeared in over 92 films and television series which include "Splash", "All The Way", "The Dentist 2", "Desperate Housewives", "Weird Science", and "Newhart". He has been used as a voice actor in a number of animated movies.

Doucette grew up in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the second of eight children from Elizabeth (Betty Andres) Doucette and William (Bill) Doucette. He attended Marquette University High School, and then went on to college at Lewis University in Romeoville, Illinois, where he became the first Theater Major and helped build the theater and the theater program, He went on to graduate school for Theater at Northern Illinois University.

In 1974, he moved to Chicago and joined the Second City Touring Company, met his future comedy partner Ernst Emling, and formed the comedy team of Jeff and Ernst. Within two months they were signed by William Morris Agency and touring the country with legendary folk singer, Bob Gibson, and opening in larger venues for acts like Barry Manilow and The Spinners. In 1976 they moved to Los Angeles, and joined other young comics including Freddie Prinze, Jay Leno, David Letterman, Richard Lewis, Robin Williams, Michael Keaton, Jim Varney, and Andy Kaufman in building the foundation for the comedy boom of the 1980s. After many appearances on variety and talk shows, in 1977 they made their first appearance on the Tonight Show with Johnny Carson.

In his long career Doucette has made somewhere around 40 films and over two hundred TV appearances. In commercials, Doucette has been the face of Ben Franklin in ads for Chevy Volt, Quicken Loans, Ballpark's Finest Hot Dogs, and El Monterrey breakfast foods, and a special appearance as Ben Franklin on Mike and Molly. You also might have recognized him in one of his many regular and recurring roles including on "Desperate Housewives" as Eva Longoria's long suffering priest, Fr. Crowley; in "Newhart" as the loveable loser, Harley Estin; on "Alien Nation" as the obnoxious tabloid reporter Jed Burns; in "Townies" as Steve, the fisherman without a clue; and on "Weird Science" as Al Wallace, the Homer Simpson-esque father whose son invents a cyber girl. He has also recurred on "Dog With A Blog", "Third Rock From The Sun", "E/R", "That '70s Show", and "Beverly Hills 90210", and has guest starred on too many shows to mention.

Doucette is also a writer and director, having written two plays, "Big Head Women", and "Without Annette" an improvisational comedy, which was published by PlayScripts Inc in 2015.

In addition to acting, writing, and directing, Doucette and his wife, Saba, are both licensed spiritual practitioners and Jeff teaches seminars and workshops that explores the philosophy and practice of Living in the Now through Improvisation.

In 1991, he received the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Lead Performance for "Rage, or I'll Be Home For Christmas" at the Alliance Theater in Burbank. 
In 2014, he received the lifetime achievement award of the International Student Film Festival Hollywood (ISFFH)

He also played the main antagonist in the Bollywood film "Hisss", and played the role of the panicky bladder in the Disney World attraction Cranium Command.




</doc>
<doc id="3901857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3901857" title="Charlie Babcock">
Charlie Babcock

Charlie Babcock (born 1979) is an American actor born in Grosse Pointe, Michigan as Charles William Babcock. Babcock has guest starred on several present-day television programs which include a recurring role on the ABC series "Desperate Housewives" as Stu who was Lynette Scavo's assistant at Parcher & Murphy until he sued his boss (Joely Fisher) for a sexual harassment suit. Other guest star appearances include "8 Simple Rules" and "Cold Case". He is also known for parts in "Special" (2006), "RewinD" (2005) and "Spoonaur" (2004)

Film credits include "The Rules of Attraction" and "Spoonaur".


</doc>
<doc id="3901900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3901900" title="Alejandro Patino">
Alejandro Patino

Alejandro Patino is an American actor.

He has guest starred on several television programs including the recurring role of Ralph, Gabrielle Solis's new gardener, on the ABC series "Desperate Housewives". Other appearances include "House", "Roswell", "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia", "Arrested Development" and "Family Law".

From 2013 to 2014, Patino costarred as Cesar on the FX series "The Bridge".

He has portrayed Bossman in the live comedy production "Chico's Angels", a parody of the 1976–81 TV series "Charlie's Angels", since 2003.

As of late 2015 and up until 2016, Patino has been appearing in Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen commercials in U.S. Hispanic market media.

Patino was born in Santa Maria, California.


</doc>
<doc id="3903867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3903867" title="Julián Rebolledo">
Julián Rebolledo

Julián Rebolledo (born 1972), also known as Julian Dean, is an American actor and voice talent, best known for his role as the voice of the neurotic father Jake Morgendorffer on the MTV animated series "Daria" and as Raul Passos in the 2012 video game, "Max Payne 3".

In 2000, Rebolledo appeared on the "Law & Order" episode "Vaya Con Dios", as Lt. Orra. In 2001, Rebolledo co-founded Shut Up and Talk with Sean Reyes, an audio post-production facility specializing in voice talent. Since its founding, Rebolledo has provided voice-overs for hundreds of commercials. In 2004, he toured the United States in the musical "Heaven Help Us!", performing as one of the leads, a Spanish valet who channels Dean Martin.

He provided the vocal talent for the "Nick Jr. series Go, Diego, Go!".

Julián graduated from Tulsa, Oklahoma's Union High School in 1990, and later graduated from the Manhattan School of Music.



</doc>
<doc id="3905518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3905518" title="Robert Donner">
Robert Donner

Robert Donner (April 27, 1931 – June 8, 2006) was an American television and film actor.

Donner was born in New York City raised in New Jersey, Michigan and Texas, and he spent four years in the United States Navy and was stationed in California. After he completed his military service, he settled in the Los Angeles area.

Donner's first role was an uncredited part in the 1959 John Wayne Western "Rio Bravo"; he also appeared in the sequels (which formed a loose trilogy), "El Dorado" and "Rio Lobo". He also appeared in "Chisum", "The Undefeated", and "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance". His best-known television roles were as the ex-convict/informant T.J. on "Adam-12", Yancy Tucker on "The Waltons" and as Exidor on "Mork & Mindy

Donner married producer/writer Jill Sherman in 1982. Donner died on June 8, 2006, of a cardiac arrhythmia, and is survived by his wife Jill and two brothers.



</doc>
<doc id="3909285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3909285" title="Scott Bloom">
Scott Bloom

Scott Matthew Bloom (born July 28, 1973) is an American actor and film producer.

Bloom was born in Merrick, New York. He began acting in film and television at a young age, starring in the cult horror film "The Stuff" (1985) and subsequently appeared in numerous TV serials and TV movies including the role of Jesse Nash in the popular sitcom "Who's the Boss?" from 1987 to 1988.

Scott's movie credits as an actor include roles in "Don's Plum" (2001) with Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire, "John Q" (2002) with Denzel Washington and Robert Duvall, and "Smokin' Aces" (2006) with Ray Liotta, Ryan Reynolds, and Jeremy Piven.

Partnered with Giovanni Agnelli and Manny Mashouf, Scott founded the production company Argonaut Pictures in 2007. The company released the film "Welcome to the Rileys", starring Kristen Stewart, James Gandolfini, and Melissa Leo in 2010. The project is also being produced by Ridley Scott and Scott Free Productions, and is being directed by Jake Scott.

Scott is also slated to executive produce "The Untitled Twilight Zone Project" for Warner Bros. (inspired by the hit television series created by Rod Serling) along with the aforementioned DiCaprio and his production shingle Appian Way.

He is the brother of actor Brian Bloom, and musician Mike Bloom.



</doc>
<doc id="3912725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3912725" title="Patrick Flueger">
Patrick Flueger

Patrick John Flueger (born December 10, 1983) is an American actor, known for a lead role as Shawn Farrell in the television series "The 4400". He currently appears as a regular in "Chicago P.D.", playing the role of Adam Ruzek.

Flueger was born in Red Wing, Minnesota, the eldest of three siblings. He attended Red Wing High School. Flueger's first significant role was in the Disney film "The Princess Diaries". Next followed several television appearances, including "JAG", "", and "". He then landed the role of Shawn Farrell in the USA Network series "The 4400" (2004–07). While still working on "The 4400", Flueger got the role of Rusty in the film "The World's Fastest Indian", starring Anthony Hopkins. In "The World's Fastest Indian", Flueger starred alongside Antony Starr. Flueger was later cast as the American version of the character Starr played in Outrageous Fortune, retitled in the U.S. version as "Scoundrels", airing on ABC during the summer of 2010. He is slated to appear in several other movie roles, including Blowtorch Films' "You Are Here", "The Job" based on the Shem Bitterman play, and Chris Moore's "Kill Theory".

In February 2010, Flueger was among those screen tested for the role of Captain America in the .

Since 2011, his performances have been credited using his full name - Patrick John Flueger.

In August 2013, Flueger joined the cast for the "Chicago Fire" spin-off "Chicago P.D." as rookie officer Ruzek. The show premiered January 8, 2014.



</doc>
<doc id="3913008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3913008" title="Robert Tree Cody">
Robert Tree Cody

Robert Tree Cody (born April 20, 1951) is a Native American musician, dancer, and educator. He graduated from John Marshall High School in 1969. Robert is an adopted son of Hollywood actor Iron Eyes Cody.

Robert Tree Cody is the adopted son of the actor Iron Eyes Cody and Cody's wife Bertha Parker, an Assistant in Archaeology at Southwest Museum of the American Indian. Iron Eyes and Bertha adopted Robert and his brother Arthur, who served in the United States Marine Corps during the Vietnam War and died as a result of exposure to Agent Orange. The brothers are of Dakota and Maricopa heritage. Robert is an enrolled member of the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community. In the Maricopa language, his traditional name is "Oou Kas Mah Quet", meaning "Thunder Bear".

Formerly of Big Bear, California, he now resides in Winslow, Arizona. His nickname, "Tree", comes from his height: he is six feet nine and a half inches tall. In 2009, Robert was interviewed about his father in the Canadian documentary "Reel Injun".

Robert Cody plays the Native American flute, has released albums with Canyon Records and toured throughout the Americas, Europe, and East Asia. He performed the traditional carved wooden flute on several tracks of The Rippingtons' 1999 album "Topaz".

He was a featured flautist in the tenth episode of the PBS series "Reading Rainbow", entitled "The Gift of the Sacred Dog" (based on the book by Paul Goble). It was filmed at Montana's Crow Agency reservation on June 17, 1983. He performed with Xavier Quijas Yxayotl (Huichol) from Guadalajara for the 2000 new age album "Crossroads".

During the 1950s and '60s and '70s, Cody traveled the pow wow circuit extensively as a dancer.


</doc>
<doc id="3920432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=3920432" title="Michael Cudlitz">
Michael Cudlitz

Michael Cudlitz (born December 29, 1964) is an American actor and director, known for portraying John Cooper on the TNT drama series "Southland" for which he won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2013, Sergeant Denver "Bull" Randleman on the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers", and Sergeant Abraham Ford on the AMC horror series "The Walking Dead".

Cudlitz grew up in Lakewood Township, New Jersey. He is a 1982 graduate of Lakewood High School. He holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the California Institute of the Arts, where he graduated in 1990.

While attending California Institute of the Arts, Cudlitz landed the role in "Band of Brothers" and worked in TV and film production in the art department of various shows. Cudlitz was a construction coordinator on "Beverly Hills, 90210".

His first acting role was in the 1989 film "Crystal Ball", playing Scottie. Other roles were Tony Miller on "Beverly Hills, 90210" and Tad Overton on "", and in "", the second seasons of "24", "Lost", FOX series "Standoff", and "Prison Break". He was also in the movie A River Runs Through It. He guest starred on "Over There". He played Bob Destepello in the 1997 film "Grosse Pointe Blank". He also played a 30-second role as a bartender in the movie "Forces of Nature" in 1999.

His breakout role came in 2001 with his portrayal of Sgt. Denver "Bull" Randleman in the World War II miniseries, "Band of Brothers." Cudlitz starred on the critically acclaimed, five-season television drama "Southland" as patrol officer John Cooper, a 20-year veteran and training officer. It was picked up by TNT, who aired the remaining episodes of its first season, bringing it back for a total of five seasons. The character struggled with chronic back pain, addiction to pain medication, and ethical issues relating to his partners. Prior to the start of shooting for the show, Cudlitz had a large mole removed from his right upper lip, which had previously been a signature feature of his appearance. The show was cancelled in 2013. Cudlitz won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his role in 2013.

In 2009, Cudlitz appeared in the science fiction film "Surrogates" as Colonel Brendon. In 2013, Cudlitz played opposite Melanie Griffith in the movie, "Dark Tourist."

From February 2014 until October 2016, he appeared in the AMC TV show "The Walking Dead" as Sergeant Abraham Ford, a character from the comic series of the same name. His first appearance was in the tenth episode of Season 4, an episode entitled "Inmates". Cudlitz's character was killed off in the premiere episode of the show's seventh season entitled "The Day Will Come When You Won't Be". Due to his portrayal of Abraham, Cudlitz has quickly become a fan favorite since his introduction, with many fans paying homage to his quirky and comedic sayings combined with his upfront approach.

Cudlitz supplied the voice of Sgt. Glenn "Hawk" Hawkins in the video game "". He voiced Corporal Griffen in the video game "" and its sequel, "".


Cudlitz is married to Rachael Cudlitz. They met while students at California Institute of Arts. Their twins, Max and Isabelle, were born February 12, 1997, in Los Angeles, California.




</doc>
