<doc id="1798512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1798512" title="SuperPower 2">
SuperPower 2

SuperPower 2 is a real-time strategy wargame developed by Canadian based GolemLabs and published by DreamCatcher Interactive in 2004, following "SuperPower". It was released between October 11 and November 19, 2004 in North America and Europe, respectively. On April 18, 2014, Nordic Games officially released "SuperPower 2" on the Steam Store.

Players may join a game as any of the 193 nations recognized by the United Nations at the time of its development. All standard games start in the year 2001, with the player taking control of their nation. They then must work toward their predefined goals, such as achieving world peace, balancing your nation's resources, or conquering the world, or, if they did not set any predefined goals, they have the opportunity to work toward developing their nation's infrastructure, increasing their military strength through new unit designs and development, and encouraging the economic and cultural growth of their nation.

Any nation not controlled by a player is considered an AI nation. If there are predefined objectives, the player will attempt to reach this objective to win the game. The AI will have their own objectives, which they will try to reach as well. If and when the player and the AI have conflicting goals, it is up to the player, and occasionally the AI, to decide if diplomacy is the way to go, or if war is the answer to their problems.

Because "SuperPower 2" is a real-time game, there is no preset end date. This means that a single game can, in theory, run indefinitely.

"SuperPower 2" was released in English, French, German, Spanish, Korean, Chinese and Russian.


Political sphere consists of all political activity, domestic and international, of the selected nation. This sphere allows players to see (and modify if own nation is selected) internal laws, government type, and diplomatic agreements.

The Military sphere consists of all military and covert operations. This sphere allows players to buy, sell, build, train, deploy, disband a variety of military units. It also allows players to train intelligence cells and conduct covert warfare. In addition, strategic warfare is controlled from this sphere.

Strategic warfare consists of nuclear missiles being launched from land based locations, or from submarines. Nuclear warfare is devastating for both the attacker and the victim. When a nuclear missile is launched and detonates in another nation, relations with nations around the world decline, depending on the importance of the nation attacked. The attacker's nation also becomes less stable, increasing chances of a revolution.

The economic sphere consists of all financial activity. From this sphere player can view (and control if the selected nation is the same as the player's) income and expenses as well as trade and taxes. Players can set national interest rates, income tax levels, tariffs, and spending levels in this sphere. Players can also nationalize or privatize portions of their economy. This is also where the "Autarky" bug does most damage because in the game trade is almost always the most income generating source and when the bug sets in, this well of wealth inevitably dries up when no other nations buy your goods. However, playing country with high levels of raw resources like South Africa with precious metals, seems to not fall victim to the bug as quickly as countries relying on services and agriculture. Also, by invading nearby countries followed by annexation and high levels of taxes can also stave off autarky. At this point however, convincing the rest of the world not to invade is a bigger problem.

Although slightly improved over the original "SuperPower", the sequel received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

Many critics referred to the game as highly ambitious but critically flawed. One of the most positive reviews, from GameZone, said that "The number of options, the good graphics for the globe and almost limitless gameplay adds up a game that is worthy of United Nations attention."

However, many high-profile gaming publications panned the game, with common criticisms including frequent crashes, a poorly designed user interface, features that were either not implemented or apparently ineffective, and frequent implausible, nonsensical, and unexplained events occurring during the game (such as Poland declaring war on Burkina Faso for unclear reasons). A reviewer for GameSpy described "SuperPower 2" as "a bunch of pointless hand-waving in a half-hearted attempt to pawn off a ponderous spreadsheet as a game", also stating that "...because the game is so devoid of personality, it's not even engaging as a way of experimenting with nightmare scenarios. There's nothing satisfying about taking control of the U.S. and changing it to a military dictatorship without freedom of speech or women's suffrage, only to see your political standing inch to the right and maybe your approval rating dip for a while." IGN was also critical of the game, giving it a score of 4.5 out of 10 and stating, among other things, that "The art of international war itself is conducted here according to principles that would make Sun Tzu burn his book and restart life as a caterer." The game also features plenty of mods to choose from which change and edit the game play to specific real time or fictional settings.

After nearly 10 years from the original release date, the game was released on the PC game distribution platform Steam on April 18, 2014, after a successful Steam Greenlight campaign. The Steam version features updated code and patches for bugs that were long neglected in the older version. However, this version also came with its share of problems, such as fullscreen mode not being an option, and the updated code breaking user-made modifications from the older version. The former was fixed however. Steam achievements were also added, as well as a new authentication system and server browser, which replaced GameSpy, its former server browser service that discontinued the game earlier in the year.

Remastered DRM-free version of the game was released on the PC game distribution platform GOG.com on August 13, 2015 with a 4 day -50% launch discount. Game is sold with additional manual, design document, concept arts and team photographs. Much like Steam version it lacked full screen mode. Remastering included support for widescreen resolutions, new multiplayer matchmaking with modified multiplayer user interface, and an updated source code to offer support for modern operating systems. Initial reviews were mixed.

After playing for a long period (the exact amount varies from game to game), a bug called Autarky sets in. The Autarky bug will always happen if the game is going on for a long period. It makes it nearly impossible for a nation to trade because everyone has a surplus of many of the items they trade. This causes nations to begin to lose money, since they can no longer make money from trade. While in most cases the bug eventually occurs, the use of extensive measures within player controlled countries- such as explosive population growth manipulation, severe limiting of human development and minimal infrastructures and telecommunications development- can maintain a permanent, large, and increasing resource deficit, which results in permanent importing for the player country, and massive export growth for virtually all other countries. With extreme population manipulation through the building and canceling of large numbers of soldiers while paused, it is possible to sustain a pan-global computer nation export economy with one underdeveloped, vastly overpopulated nation.

There are several patches made by the modding community fixing bugs.



</doc>
<doc id="1798656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1798656" title="Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000">
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000

Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2000 is a sports video game developed by EA Redwood Shores for the PlayStation version, Xantera for the Game Boy Color version and Rainbow Studios for the Microsoft Windows version and published by EA Sports for PlayStation in 1999 and Game Boy Color and Microsoft Windows in 2000.

The game received "mixed or average" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator GameRankings.

"PGA Tour 2000"s computer version received a "Silver" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom.



</doc>
<doc id="1798657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1798657" title="Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2001">
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2001

Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2001 is a sports video game developed by Headgate Studios for the Microsoft Windows version, Stormfront Studios for the PlayStation version and EA Redwood Shores for the PlayStation 2 version and published by EA Sports for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation in 2000 and PlayStation 2 in 2001.

In the United States, the computer version of "PGA Tour 2001" sold 230,000 copies and earned $5.5 million by August 2006, after its release in November 2000. It was the country's 92nd best-selling computer game during this period. The game received "mixed or average" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.


</doc>
<doc id="1798661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1798661" title="Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003">
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003

Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003 is a sports video game developed by EA Redwood Shores for the Xbox, PlayStation 2 and GameCube versions and Headgate Studios for the Microsoft Windows and Mac OS versions and published by EA Sports for Xbox, PlayStation 2, GameCube, Microsoft Windows, Mac OS.

Among the features in the game is the Tiger Challenge, in which the player is matched against real or fantasy golfers one at a time. There is also a scenario mode with 50 scenarios, challenging the players' skills in a variety of realistic settings. The game also includes a tournament mode that simulates a season on the PGA Tour.

"Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2003" received "critical acclaim", according to review aggregator Metacritic.

"PGA Tour 2003" was nominated for "Computer Gaming World"s 2002 "Sports Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "Madden NFL 2003". The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" named "PGA Tour 2003" the seventh-best computer game of 2002, and wrote, "Featuring the best swing interface ever created and the most successful career mode yet implemented, it's the biggest step forward in the genre since "Links 386"."


</doc>
<doc id="1798662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1798662" title="Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004">
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004

Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004 is a sports video game developed by EA Redwood Shores for the GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions, Headgate Studios for the Microsoft Windows version and Backbone Emeryville for the Game Boy Advance and N-Gage versions and published by EA Sports for GameCube, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Game Boy Advance and N-Gage.

It was the first to feature the Game Face feature, in which the player can create his or her own player.

"Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004" received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.

"Edge" gave the GameCube, PS2, Xbox and PC versions a score of eight out of ten and stated: "This relaxed, arcade-like approach makes for something that's not so much about simulation, but more emulation; letting you thwack the ball with all the verve of an expert, without the worry of any homework. Fun, then, and lots of it."

The game's PlayStation 2 version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom. By July 2006, the PlayStation 2 version had sold 1 million copies and earned $43 million in the United States alone. "Next Generation" ranked it as the 51st highest-selling game launched for the PlayStation 2, Xbox or GameCube between January 2000 and July 2006 in that country. Combined sales of "Tiger Woods PGA Tour" games released in the 2000s reached 5 million units in the United States by July 2006.


</doc>
<doc id="1799136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1799136" title="Star Wars: Yoda Stories">
Star Wars: Yoda Stories

Star Wars: Yoda Stories is a 1997 adventure video game based on the "Star Wars" franchise developed by LucasArts. It was preceded by "Indiana Jones and His Desktop Adventures". In the "Star Wars" timeline, "Yoda Stories" is placed between "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi", and follows Luke Skywalker as he is completing his training with Jedi Master Yoda.

Levels in the game are procedurally generated. "Yoda Stories" has no central plot or definitive goal—it is a collection of games where the player, controlling Luke Skywalker, has to complete an objective like rescuing someone, obtaining an object, etc. Each game starts with Luke arriving at Dagobah in an X-wing. If the player is still a rookie, R2-D2 can be picked up, and dropped anytime for hints. After being found, Yoda gives Luke an assignment and an objective that Luke will be required to complete. Each game world is composed of 100 screens, but the number of active screens can be set in the options menu. To progress in the game, the player must make errands, such as finding a key or an object, until they reach the final puzzle.

The Game Boy Color version was released in 1999. Like the computer version, the gameplay is a number of simple quests, and the game contains fifteen levels. The graphics are not as detailed or colorful compared to the computer game due to the limitations of the Game Boy Color hardware, and controlling the main character is more difficult and less fluid in this version due to the lack of a mouse. With a score of 2.0/10, "Yoda Stories" holds IGN's lowest-ever review rating for a Game Boy Color game, alongside Tarantula Studios' "Evel Knievel" (1999). "Computer Gaming World" gave the Windows version of the game a 1-star score.



</doc>
<doc id="1799399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1799399" title="Sega Worldwide Soccer 97">
Sega Worldwide Soccer 97

Sega Worldwide Soccer 97 (known as Sega Worldwide Soccer PC for the PC and Victory Goal Worldwide Edition in Japan) is a football video game by Sega released for the Sega Saturn in 1996. It was followed by three more titles: "Sega Worldwide Soccer '98" still on the 32-bit console and two editions of "Sega Worldwide Soccer 2000", the second being "Sega Worldwide Soccer 2000 Euro Edition" for the Dreamcast.

"Sega Worldwide Soccer 97", produced by Sega themselves, was one of the killer apps in the peak of popularity for the console. It was the sequel to "Victory Goal", one of the debut titles of the console, which had a poor performance critically and commercially. However, there was little overlap in the development staff of the two games.

The game featured international teams and league, play-off and tournament modes. Although it used fictional player names (due to the lack of a license), the non-volatile memory of the Saturn allowed editing of names. The team kits were as close to the official 1996 kits as possible. The gameplay was also highly praised, and was the top-rated football game until "International Superstar Soccer 64" was released one year later. "Sega Worldwide Soccer 97" was later ported to the PC, under the title of "Sega Worldwide Soccer PC".

In exhibition mode, the player(s) compete in a single match. In tournament mode, they go through an entire tournament, and in championship mode, they battle for the title of league champions.

The game includes a create-a-player feature.

The original release on the Saturn was met with critical acclaim. Tom Hall of "GameSpot" said it "may be the best soccer game ever released"; "GamePro"s The Weekend Warrior called it "a completely fresh, must-play gaming experience"; Rob Alsetter wrote in "Sega Saturn Magazine" that it was "perhaps the best soccer sim yet"; and "Next Generation"s review concluded that "Quite simply, "WWS '97" is the best recreation of any sport, ever." Common subjects of praise were the smoothness of the player animations, the easy-to-learn controls, the realistic soccer elements, and the way the game encourages players to be spontaneous and creative.



</doc>
<doc id="1801485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1801485" title="Prey (2006 video game)">
Prey (2006 video game)

Prey is a first-person shooter survival horror video game developed by Human Head Studios, under contract for 3D Realms, and published by 2K Games, while the Xbox 360 version was ported by Venom Games. The game was initially released in North America and Europe on July 11, 2006. "Prey" uses a heavily modified version of id Tech 4 to use portals and variable gravity to create the environments the player explores.

The game's story is focused on Cherokee Domasi "Tommy" Tawodi as he, his girlfriend, and grandfather are abducted aboard an alien spaceship known as The Sphere as it consumes material, both inanimate and living, from Earth in order to sustain itself. Tommy's Cherokee heritage allows him to let his spirit roam freely at times and come back to life after dying, which gives Tommy an edge in his battle against the Sphere.

"Prey" had been in development in one form or another since 1995, and has had several major revisions. While the general approach to gameplay, including the use of portals, remained in the game, the story and setting changed several times. The game received generally positive reviews and was a commercial success, selling more than one million copies in the first two months of its release and leading to the abortive development of a sequel.

Since then, the rights to "Prey" passed on to Bethesda Softworks, an American video game company known for their "Elder Scrolls" series. They released a reboot of the game in 2017. Arkane Studios, developers of the "Dishonored" video game franchise, and subsidiary of Bethesda, developed the reboot.

"Prey" is a survival horror first-person shooter with the player in control of the protagonist Tommy as he explores the gigantic extraterrestrial craft Sphere and fights its inhabitants aboard. During the game, the player will collect a number of alien weapons, some comparable to typical first-person shooter archetypes, others more alien in behavior.

The game's engine introduces two unique aspects to exploration. Portals in the game can transport the player from one area to another instantly; portals can be looked and shot through and can also be traveled in reverse. Unlike the later game "Portal", the player cannot create portals directly without the use of mods, and portals remain fixed in space. The game also features variable gravity. Special paths allow the player to walk along them, remaining upright regardless of orientation, though should the player fall or voluntarily jump off the path, gravity will reassert itself. Small planetoids inside The Sphere can also exhibit their own gravity fields, allowing the player to walk completely around the outside of it.

The player can detach Tommy's spirit from his body, allowing the spirit to roam freely for a short time. The spirit has limited interaction with the environment, though it is able to activate control panels and can use a spirit bow to strike at foes. The spirit force is often used to solve environmental puzzles within the game as well as to locate paths that are not visible to mortal eyes. Although Tommy dies when his health is depleted, he is resurrected after a brief period during which his spirit can increase the health the revived body will have. Two vehicles make an appearance; one is a flying vehicle used frequently for travel and attacking (as well as puzzle solving), and one is only used for a short period near the end of the game.

The bar that the game begins in is interactive, with usable restroom facilities, a TV with various channels (including a clip from "Duck and Cover"), a fully playable "Pac-Man"-style game called "Rune Man" (referring to a previous game by Human Head entitled "Rune"), several video casino machines (including blackjack, draw poker, and a slot machine), and a jukebox that plays a small selection of licensed songs.

Domasi "Tommy" Tawodi (voiced by Michael Greyeyes) is a Cherokee mechanic and former United States Army soldier living on a Native American reservation in Oklahoma. The game begins with Tommy in a bar owned by his girlfriend, Jen. Tired of life on the reservation, Tommy tries to convince Jen to leave it with him, but she vehemently refuses. After a fight between the two, a riot erupts when two men at the bar won't leave. Tommy fights them. The building is lifted up by some kind of force into a green light above. Tommy, Jen, Tommy's grandfather Enisi, and other captives are transported to a massive alien starship called the Sphere. Tommy is freed in an explosion set off by a mysterious stranger, who, although he is cybernetic like most of the Sphere's inhabitants, appears to be working against the Sphere.

Tommy witnesses Enisi's brutal death in an alien device. While attempting to find Jen, he has a near-death experience and travels to an after-life known as the Land of The Ancients, where his grandfather bestows spiritual powers upon him. Tommy gains the ability to separate from his body to pass through obstacles, come back to life after being killed, and aid from his spirit guide, the ghost of his childhood pet hawk, Talon. Despite being entrusted by his ancestors with the mission to protect Earth from the Sphere, Tommy is only interested in rescuing Jen.

Later on, Tommy finds Jen, whose torso has been surgically attached to a reptile-like creature that attempts to kill Tommy. Because Jen cannot control the beast she is attached to, Tommy kills it, along with Jen, in the process.

Tommy then learns that the Sphere is an organic alien ship with the main goal of maintaining itself by preying on various alien races. The Sphere houses many of these alien races, which have become mindless drones in servitude of the Sphere. The Keepers of the Sphere, who appear to be responsible for its creation, plant life on other planets, and periodically return to harvest it. A small band of human rebels on the Sphere named the Hidden have not lost control of themselves. Led by Elhuit, the Hidden hope to destroy the Sphere and return to Earth.

Furthermore, Tommy finds that the Keepers and their drones are controlled by the Mother (voiced by Tyne Turner), who communicates telepathically with him throughout the game. She reveals to Tommy that she was once human, too, and fought the previous Mother of the Sphere, who persuaded her to take its place as the new Mother. After Tommy defeats her, the Mother begs Tommy to take her place, acquiring god-like powers in the process, or else the Sphere will perish. While tempted, Enisi's spirit contacts Tommy, reminding him of his humanity and duty. Tommy heeds his grandfather's advice and drives the Sphere into the Sun, and ends up in the Land of the Ancients once more to see Enisi and Jen. Tommy returns to Earth, knowing that he will see them both again when it is his time to live in the Land of the Ancients.

Six months later, Tommy has rebuilt the bar. The official story of the bar's disappearance is that the original building and the people within it at the time of its disappearance vanished due to an unknown natural phenomenon. Elhuit arrives in the bar and explains to Tommy that she and other Hidden escaped through a portal just before Tommy destroyed the Sphere, and tells Tommy that powerful beings elsewhere wish to meet him. Tommy steps through a portal made by Elhuit as the words "Prey will continue ..." appear on-screen.

"Prey" has a long and storied development history that spans over a decade, starting in 1995. Since then, it went through several iterations of the game design and software technology before its eventual release in 2006.

In 1995, the first incarnation of the game was announced. "Prey" was envisioned by 3D Realms as the first of a number of games to be running on unique, cutting edge game engine technology, developed in house. In this sense the project played the same role as "Unreal" did for Epic Games, and it would retain this role in the company's strategy throughout its development time in the 3D Realms studios.

"Prey" as a game was to go through many different forms during this first development period. A rapid succession of different designs was outlined by Tom Hall (previously of id Software and later of Ion Storm), who was at that time fresh off the "Rise of the Triad" team at Apogee Software. After about a year's worth of work, however, Tom Hall abandoned the project and left the company to form Ion Storm with ex-id compatriot John Romero.

At this point, 3D Realms brought on Paul Schuytema to begin the next phase in the game's development. The new team would go on to create a new game design. The alien abduction theme from Hall's work was retained, but now the game was to be set on a massive, ring-shaped artificial world called "Trocara", inhabited by four different alien races, one of them called "the Keepers". The player would take the role of a Native American hero, called Talon Brave.

The game was the first in the genre to make use of moveable portal technology, a feature that allowed rips in space to be created, moved and reshaped in real time. This was to be a core feature of the gameplay, along with heavily destructible environments. It was also thought at the time this engine would be used for "Duke Nukem 5" (the game after "Duke Nukem Forever"). Demonstrations of these features drew widespread acclaim at the 1997 and 1998 E3 exhibitions – the television program Infinite MHz was able to capture exclusive footage of the game's private behind-closed-doors demo at both of the game's E3 showings. The public perception was very positive, the game looked impressive, and 3D Realms' name, fresh from the success of "Duke Nukem 3D" was a mark of quality.

German industrial band KMFDM was to create the game's soundtrack. 3D Realms posted on their website in 1997 that they received a sample of the soundtrack from KMFDM and highly praised the music, described as "ambient industrial". On December 19, 1997, 3D Realms also released two KMFDM songs in MP3 format (that are not on the "Prey" soundtrack), "Inane" and "Megalomaniac".

Seemingly insurmountable technical problems ground development to a near-halt, and this version of "Prey" too fell apart. Later, on an Internet discussion board head engineer William Scarboro would comment that "in hindsight, portal tricks such as these should be used as tricks, not as an engine paradigm."

Shortly after the Schuytema variant of "Prey" disbanded, 3D Realms attempted again to revive the project by bringing on tech programmer Corrinne Yu in November 1998. Development of the game itself was not part of this effort, Yu was working by herself on the game engine exclusively.

The title was put on indefinite hold (although never formally canceled, contrary to popular opinion). On March 8, 2000, "Prey.net" (an early Prey site with a section about KMFDM) released a RealAudio file of a third KMFDM song: "Missing Time", which was going to be part of the "Prey" soundtrack but was featured in the film "Heavy Metal 2000" instead (under the name MDFMK which is a side project of KMFDM members during their temporary break-up).

In 2001, 3D Realms began development on a new version of the title. This time, with the advantage of the necessary portal technology already being a stable and functional component of all modern game engines, 3D Realms was able to license the necessary technology instead of having to develop it. 3D Realms chose the id Tech 4 game engine from id Software, and "Rune" developer Human Head Studios was commissioned to develop the game using the previous designs as a base.

Rumors of this new project leaked out to the public in 2002, through the website Evil Avatar, but were at that time denied in the 3D Realms forums by Joe Siegler. It was not until 2005, when the cryptic clue "Keep your eyes open for the unveiling of our next game very soon." appeared on the 3D Realms website that the previous rumors were confirmed in any way. This was followed by a CNN article by Chris Morris, claiming that "Prey" was not only in development, but that it would be shown at E3. Soon afterwards, the official "Prey" teaser site was launched, confirming the game's existence, and hinting that more would be revealed in the June issue of "PC Gamer", which indeed featured a seven-page article on "Prey".

"Prey" was officially announced in a press release by 2K Games on April 26, 2005. On April 28, 2006, a July 10 release date was announced (although 3D Realms claims that is not the formal release date since it did not come from them or Human Head). On May 19, 2006, 3D Realms announced that a demo of "Prey" would be released on June 22, 2006—the PC demo was released on this date, but the Xbox 360 demo was delayed until June 30. On June 28, it was announced that "Prey" had officially gone gold. A playable single and multiplayer demo of the game was released on June 22, 2006, for Microsoft Windows, and a downloadable Xbox 360 demo was released on the Xbox Live Marketplace on June 30, 2006.

The June 2005 issue of "PC Gamer" revealed that the game uses a heavily modified version of id Tech 4 capable of rendering "huge cavernous spaces as well as more traditional passages". The game also supports the dynamic portals that were seen in the 1997/1998 video clips, which are used by friends and foes alike. It also has the ability to change gravity in many parts of the game, via small items that need to be shot to become active, which is used to solve many puzzles throughout the game. Various landscapes in the game (large rocks, for example) have their own gravity that overrides the normal gravity in the game.

Domasi (Tommy) Tawodi's background was chosen due to the amount of mythology in Cherokee oral tradition, which 3D Realms had planned to use for a number of games. When it was first revealed that the game's protagonist would be a Native American, the response was mixed due to concerns that he would be a stereotyped caricature, and that players would have difficulty identifying with a Native American character. Tommy is voiced by Michael Greyeyes, and Jen is voiced by Crystle Lightning, who are both Plains Cree. Greyeyes approved of the way that Tommy was depicted in the game, contrasting "Prey" to a film production:

The game went gold on June 28, 2006, and was released in North America on July 11, 2006, and on July 14, 2006, in Europe. "Prey" was the only major title to utilize the new Triton distribution system, which went out of business mere months after the game's launch. Following the demise of Triton, "Prey" moved to distribution via Steam.

"Prey" also shipped in a Limited Collector's Edition for both PC and Xbox 360. It came with an embossed collector's tin, an upgrade to one DVD-ROM (as opposed to three CD-ROMs), two pewter figurines (Hunter and Tommy), "The Art of Prey" booklet, and a free soundtrack download from DirectSong. A third (Mutate) pewter figurine was available separately for purchase to complete the collection of three pewter figurines.

On November 29, 2006, Aspyr Media announced a Mac port, which was shipped on January 15, 2007. On October 24, 2008, a Linux client for the Prey demo was released by Ryan "icculus" Gordon, who had been working on porting the game for several months. Later that year, on December 7, 2008, the Linux client for the full retail version was made available.

The soundtrack was composed by award-winning composer Jeremy Soule and his brother, Julian Soule. The "Prey" soundtrack was released in two volumes (nearly two hours of the game's three-hour score). The end credits feature the song "Take Me Home" by After Midnight Project.

There are several jukeboxes in the game which allow the player to choose from a small selection of licensed songs. In addition, radio host Art Bell lends his voice to several fictional segments of his paranormal-themed radio show, Coast to Coast AM, that play from radios throughout the game. In the segments, he talks with many callers about the various alien phenomena that occur in the game.

"Prey" has a Metacritic average of 83 and 79 out of 100 on the PC and Xbox 360, respectively. The game was highly praised for its graphics and gameplay. GameZone called the graphics "top notch", while "Play" magazine called them "incredible". GamerFeed lauded the gameplay system, calling it "nothing short of amazing", and concluding that ""Prey" has got everything anyone could want from a sci-fi shooter and more." However, there was criticism directed at the multiplayer component, especially the fact that it only had two game modes. GamesRadar opined that the multiplayer "could have been much better if only there were more than two modes [and] a couple of maps small enough to play with less than five players."

In October 2006, 3D Realms CEO Scott Miller announced that the game was a commercial success on both PC and Xbox 360 with combined 1 million copies sold worldwide to date. "Prey" is ranked third on "Game Informer" list of The Top 10 Video Game Openings.

The editors of "PC Gamer US" awarded "Prey" their 2006 "Best Action Game" and "Best Multiplayer Game" awards.

Shortly after the game's release, 3D Realms' Scott Miller confirmed that a sequel named "Prey 2" was in development. On March 17, 2008, Miller's brand-management group Radar Group was launched, along with the announcement that it was managing "Prey 2", slated for release for PC and Xbox 360. The game was being developed in cooperation with Human Head Studios.

"Prey Invasion" is a first-person shooter video game developed by MachineWorks, and published by Hands-On Mobile in cooperation with 3D Realms for iOS.

In 2009, the rights to the franchise were acquired by Bethesda Softworks and id Software parent company ZeniMax Media. On October 30, 2014, during PAX Australia, Bethesda Softworks vice-president Pete Hines confirmed that "Prey 2" has subsequently been canceled. Pete Hines stated as follows, "it was a game we believed in, but we never felt that it got to where it needed to be – we never saw a path to success if we finished it. It wasn't up to our quality standard, and we decided to cancel it. It's no longer in development. That wasn't an easy decision, but it's one that won't surprise many folks given that we hadn't been talking about it. Human Head Studios is no longer working on it. It's a franchise we still believe we can do something with — we just need to see what that something is."

During its 2016 E3 press conference, Bethesda announced a "Prey" to be developed by Arkane Studios, for release in 2017 on Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. The new game is said to be a re-imagining of the "Prey" intellectual property rather than a sequel or remake.

Eventually, the team would come full circle after the 2019 closure of Human Head Studios shortly after the release of "Rune II" with most of the staff moving on to Bethesda-managed Roundhouse Studios.



</doc>
<doc id="1801805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1801805" title="Stronghold (2001 video game)">
Stronghold (2001 video game)

Stronghold is a historic real-time strategy game developed by Firefly Studios in 2001. The game focuses primarily on conquest and expansion through military pursuits but also has prominent economic and infrastructure development elements. There is both an economic and a military campaign to be played and both are discussed in the game manual. In the English version, the game takes place in Medieval Britain around the time of 1066; however, since there is not always a time limit, scenarios can continue hundreds of years beyond that date.

As well as earning many favourable reviews from reviewers such as "PC Gamer" and GameSpy, the game continues to boast a large community, who edit and create various material through the in-game Map Editor/Scenario Creator.

"Stronghold" was a commercial success, with global sales above 1.5 million units by 2004. Because of its popularity, the game spawned several sequels: "" (2002), "Stronghold 2" (2005), "Stronghold Legends" (2006), "" (2008), "Stronghold 3" (2011), "Stronghold Kingdoms" (2012) and "Stronghold Crusader II" (2014).

In Stronghold, the player takes the role of a lord in a kingdom. The goal is to create a stable economy and a strong military to defend against invaders, destroy enemy castles and accomplish the mission objectives.

Stronghold contains several modes of gameplay, with both combat and economic missions. The main game mode is the military campaign, which is based upon a map of England. The backstory to the campaign explains that the King was captured and held for ransom while invading a neighboring barbarian kingdom. Four Lords take control of the Kingdom, dividing it into their personal territories. The player is represented by a young, inexperienced commander, whose father is killed in an ambush by one of the villains. He is helped by two lords remaining loyal to the king. The player has to regain control of the Kingdom by reconquering counties from rival lords one by one. The player has to defeat each of the four Lords in the campaign, receiving help from the King once he has been successfully ransomed mid-game. An economic campaign is set after the main campaign, where the player re-constructs parts of the Kingdom. The player is set goals to complete against a variety of obstacles, such as bandits and fire.

Other game modes are single mission combat and economic scenarios, where the player has to complete either military or economic goals. A Siege mode is included in the game, where the player may attack or defend several historical castles. Free build mode is another game mode; here the player has the option of building a castle without any objectives. More scenarios can be created for the game using the built-in map editor.

"Stronghold" does not use a rock paper scissors system for game balance, instead opting for a "soft-counter" system.

Combat in "Stronghold" is based on a strength and hit point system. There are a variety of unit types in the game, with each successive unit being stronger, and hence more expensive, than the preceding unit, in general. Even though the expensive units are stronger in combat, all units have abilities that are necessary to defend the castle, both melee units (such as the basic spearman and the stronger swordsman), and ranged units such as archers. The game also contains support troops such as engineers, who provide additional combat options such as constructing siege engines. Unlike some other strategy games there are no counters for units, and units do not take up space, allowing them to overlap each other. Several non-combat characters can fight against enemy units, although most have no ability to fight. Injured soldiers remain injured for the rest of the game—there is no healing system—and since the Lord is the central figurehead of the player's kingdom, despite being a powerful fighter, should he die, the game is automatically lost.

Fire plays a main role in the "Stronghold" storyline, as in certain missions, igniting pitch is almost necessary for survival. Also, there are certain trigger events that start fires. Fires spread very quickly, and a flaming building can ignite people or other buildings. Fires will only go out if all sources of fuel are consumed, or if the fire itself is extinguished by fire watches. Fires can spread over small boundaries of water.

In most RTS games, fire appears on buildings as an indicator of damage; for example, if a building is damaged enough it would catch fire, but not necessarily sustain damage from that fire. In some games, such as Starcraft, some buildings damaged to a certain extent will catch fire and continue to take damage from it until they are repaired or the fire destroys them. In "Stronghold", buildings that are damaged by siege weapons or are torn down would not catch fire; instead, they lose hit points until they collapse, with the indication of damage being visible signs of cracks and damage throughout the building. However, boiling oil pots, if destroyed, would start a small fire where they were built.

Contrary to many RTS titles, where fire plays a secondary, "eye candy" role, fire in Stronghold is an actual gameplay element. For instance, the player is subtly encouraged to build wells against enemies that like to use fire attacks.

An in-game map editor was included with the game. Rather than incorporating a proprietary scripting language, the editor has a WYSIWYG interface designed for use by all users.

"Stronghold" was a commercial success, with global sales of 1.5 million units by 2004. It received a "Silver" signification from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), for at least 100,000 copies sold in the United Kingdom.

On Media Control's sales chart for the German market, "Stronghold" launched at #1 among computer games for the month of October 2001. The Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD) presented it with a "Gold" award in late 2001, indicating sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. By the end of the year, the committee upgraded it to a "Platinum" status for 200,000 sales. "Stronghold" remained in Media Control's top 30 consistently through May 2002, placing 14th that month and 10th in April. After a 19th-place finish in June, it dropped to 27th in July, while its new "Stronghold Deluxe" edition debuted that month at #12. "Deluxe" proceeded to place seventh and 13th in August and September 2002, respectively.

In the United States, "Stronghold" debuted at #6 on NPD Intelect's computer game sales rankings for the week of October 21. Holding the position in its second week, it placed 15th for the month of October overall. It was absent from NPD's weekly top 10 by its third week of release. "Stronghold" ultimately sold 220,000 copies and earned $7.8 million in the United States by August 2006. At the time, this led "Edge" to declare it the country's 95th-best-selling computer game released since January 2000.

The game received "favorable" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. The graphics were praised by a number of reviewers; GameSpot said of the graphics, "The buildings look good, but not great, and the same can be said of the units", adding that "The animations are well done." IGN disagreed to a degree, saying "Animations are a bit choppy", and commented on the overall state of the graphics: "This isn't the prettiest game ever by a longshot, but it's good enough that your eyes won't burn." GameZone gave high praise to the graphics, saying that the environments were "wonderful" and commenting on the good animation of the characters.

GameSpot did not say much on sound, but noted that the "Soundtrack is dramatic." GameSpy was neutral on its review of sound, saying that "...the music is nice, if not especially memorable", but also commenting on the "poor voice acting."

"Stronghold" was a nominee for "Computer Gaming World"s 2001 "Best Strategy Game" award, which ultimately went to "". The editors called "Stronghold" "extraordinarily creative and unique".

The initial success of the game led to several standalone sequels.

The second installment, "Stronghold: Crusader", was released in September 2002. The gameplay is similar to the first game, but with enhanced RTS elements and with all maps and missions set entirely in the Middle Ages in the Middle East. The focus was radically influenced by fortification and siege technologies developed during the Crusades. The entire campaign, as well as the 'Conquest Trail' game mode, takes place during the Third Crusade.

Unlike the original Stronghold, however, there are four separate, linear campaigns. The game does take history into effect: Saladin and Richard I of England are present as the game's AI characters for the player to side with or against, together AI personalities. In addition, the player is allowed to play either as an Arabic lord or as a European king with little effect except which units the player begins.

A combination pack of Stronghold and Stronghold: Crusader, called "Stronghold Warchest", was later released with all patches applied, new maps, and a new campaign trail and AI characters in Crusader.

The sequel, and the third game in the series, "Stronghold 2" was released in April 2005. The game engine was enhanced to provide fully three-dimensional graphics. Other changes include new military and peace campaigns and the addition of crime and punishment. It also included many new characters and changed the walls and towers that can be added to a castle. However, the series' unique real-time map editor was replaced with a still-life one.

Upon its release, many players were outraged by the game's frequent crashes, lag (even while playing offline on a computer with exceptional hardware) and overall bugs. Firefly Studios paid much attention to the gaming community's complaints, and promised fixes in later patches, the majority of complaints stopping with patch 1.2. Patch 1.3.1, released on Oct. 28, 2005 brought a "Conquest Trail" to the game, similar to that of Stronghold: Crusader. Stronghold 2 Deluxe was later released, containing all patches and new content.

Critically, the game has received generally mixed reviews, whether from the bugs present in the initial release or the gameplay. To promote Stronghold 2, a ten-level Flash game was created, called Castle Attack 2. The aim of the game was to balance building a castle and defending it.

The fourth game, "Stronghold Legends", contains 24 missions, spanning three different campaigns: King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table, Count Vlad Dracul, and Siegfried of Germany.
This sequel contains a new feature that allows the player to control human and mythical armies. Creatures like dragons and witches can be created in Stronghold Legends.

The fifth game, "Stronghold Crusader Extreme", is largely the same as Stronghold Crusader, but with an expanded unit cap, allowing thousands of units to be on screen at once (instead of hundreds in Stronghold Crusader). It also includes an updated version of the original Stronghold Crusader game with new AI and maps.

"Stronghold Kingdoms" is the first MMO-style game developed in the Stronghold series. In this free-to-play game players can anticipate a world filled with elements from the first game of the series.

Stronghold 3 is a 2011 real-time strategy game developed by Firefly Studios and published by SouthPeak Games. The game is the seventh in the series after several spin-offs, a remake and an MMORTS. It is the sequel to Stronghold, released in 2001, and Stronghold 2 released in 2005. Unlike previous games in the series which were published by Take-Two Interactive, the game has been published by SouthPeak Games, the new parent company of Gamecock Media Group, publisher of Stronghold Crusader Extreme.

Stronghold Crusader II is the latest title in Firefly Studios's "Stronghold" franchise of "Castle Sim" RTS games, and was released on September 23, 2014.

Stronghold: Warlords is an upcoming real-time strategy game in development, and published by Firefly Studios which was revealed during E3 2019. The release date is set in 2020. 



</doc>
<doc id="1816632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1816632" title="Empire Earth II">
Empire Earth II

Empire Earth II is a real-time strategy video game developed by Mad Doc Software and published by Vivendi Universal Games on April 26, 2005. It is a sequel to "Empire Earth", which was developed by the now-defunct Stainless Steel Studios. The game features 15 epochs, 14 different civilizations and has three playable campaigns: a Korean, German, and American one, as well as several other playable scenarios. The game received a positive reaction, earning a 79% average rating on GameRankings.

"Empire Earth II" has several new gameplay features from the original gameplay of "Empire Earth", such as the Picture-in-Picture window, a small window within the game interface which allows the player to control activities such as unit and building construction. The Citizen Manager can be configured to tell a citizen what to do if they have no set task, and the Diplomacy System allows the player to make tributes and manage alliances and wars with other players. The War Planner is another new addition, which is a map of the game that the player can display and use to coordinate attacks with allies. The crown system grants strategic bonuses to players who are first to master an epoch's military, economic, or imperial paths at the cost of losing a faster age progression. Weather, another new feature, changes over time on the map and affects the look of the map and performance of units and, in the case of airplanes in thunderstorms, hit points.

Besides campaigns and special scenarios, there is also a skirmish mode where the player can play against a computer player. The player can also play against other human players, however, the common EULA clause that each player needs his own copy of the game is actually enforced, even for LAN games. Unlike campaigns or scenarios, the winning conditions never change. There are eight different game modes in skirmish mode, which can also be played in Multiplayer.

There are 15 epochs in the game, each representing a part of history. As the player advances through the epochs, new and improved units and structures become available. Some of the epochs in "Empire Earth II" are identical to their counterparts in the original "Empire Earth"—one exception is that "Empire Earth II" does not allow players to expand their empires into space. The epochs are the Stone Age, Copper Age, Bronze Age, Iron Age, Dark Ages, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Imperial Age, Enlightenment Age, Industrial Age, Modern Age, Atomic Age, Digital Age, Genetic Age and Synthetic Age.

Before buildings and units can be made or created, resources must be gathered. There are two kinds of resources: the main resources and special resources. The main resources are available in all epochs and they are food, wood, gold, and stone. To collect resources, a citizen (or a band of citizens) is selected, and are directed to a resource. The citizens thus begin harvesting it.

The special resources are available in only some epochs. These special resources are tin—available until epoch 6, iron—first available in epoch 4 and is no longer used after epoch 9, saltpeter—first available in epoch 7 and is used until epoch 12, oil—first available in epoch 10, and uranium—first available epoch 13.

"Empire Earth II" has technologies to improve each player's civilization. Technologies are divided into three groups. The first is Military, which provides benefits mostly to military units. The next is Economic technologies, which increases resource gathering rate, decreases cost and building time for units and buildings and decreases tribute tax amount. The final group is Imperial, which provides benefits mostly to special units and increases the health of units and buildings.

There are four technologies of each group for each epoch. Technologies can be researched by spending tech points. To get tech points, an appropriate number of citizens must be garrisoned in a university and/or an appropriate number of priests must be garrisoned in a temple. Technologies are researched through the main interface (no longer through a building) by clicking the Technology Tree button. When the correct amount of tech points are available, the tech tree button will light up and new technology to research can be chosen. However, when research is no longer used (at the highest epoch specified before starting a game), the garrisoned units will become idle.

In "Empire Earth II", each civilization belongs to a particular world region, each having its own regional powers. These can be activated on the game interface by clicking on a crown in the top right corner. All of the regional powers are timed; once the time is up to use it, it takes a long time for the regional powers to be recharged to use again. Each regional power can only be used in a respective group of epochs. For example, the regional power of Overtime can only be used by a player using a Far Eastern civilization in epochs 11-15.

Like many games before it in the same genre, "Empire Earth II" has civilizations for players to lead to greatness. Each civilization has a unique power, giving it an advantage in a particular field. Each civilization also has a unique unit, which is a more powerful version of a given unit type. The Greek Hoplite, for instance, is a more effective heavy infantry than the other tribes' counterparts. The western civilizations are the Americans, British, Germans, Greeks, and the Romans. The Middle Eastern civilizations are the Babylonians, Egyptians, and the Turks. The Far Eastern civilizations are China, Japan, and Korea. Finally, the Meso-American civilizations are the Aztecs, Incas, and the Mayans.

"Empire Earth II" contains three single-player campaigns, a collection of scenarios called "turning points" and a tutorial campaign. The tutorial campaign features the Aztecs, featuring four scenarios to allow players to learn the gameplay. The first scenario is about the founding of the city of Tenochtitlan, followed by a scenario about the Spanish conquest of Mexico, which ends with the Aztecs driving out Hernán Cortés and his Conquistadors. These scenarios are followed by ones about an Aztec alliance with the United States and a war with the Incas, occurring before World War II.

The Korean campaign is about early Korean history, from 2333 BC to 676 AD, divided into eight scenarios. The first two scenarios are about the founding of the state of Gojoseon and its first contacts with other Korean states and China, followed by scenarios about Korea's first wars with the Chinese and other Korean states. The next scenarios follow the Korean civil war and the state of Silla's decision to ally with China, and its eventual conquest over the other Korean states. The last scenario for this campaign is the final war with China.

The German Campaign deals with the years between 1220 and 1871 in central Europe. The first four scenarios are about the struggles of the Teutonic Order and the knights' eventual downfall. The next two scenarios are about the rise of Prussia and the Seven Years' War. The next scenario is about the war with Napoleon I of France. The final scenario is about the war with Denmark, Austria and France and the unification of Germany under Otto von Bismarck.

The American Campaign is part-fact and part-fiction, set between 1898 and 2070. The first scenario is about the Spanish–American War in Cuba, followed by one about the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in World War I. The scenarios are about World War II, featuring the North African Campaign and a fictionalized version of the Ardennes Offensive. These are followed by Cold War spy missions against the Soviet Union. The next scenarios are fictionalized, about an attempted coup led by a disillusioned General Charles Blackworth against the US government; the player is charged with stopping this coup, eventually engaging Blackworth and his followers in the Amazon Rainforest. When the player wins the last scenario in this campaign, there is a short film about mankind and the Earth. When that film ends, the credits for the game are shown.

There are four special scenarios in Empire Earth II called turning points. These scenarios can be played from either side of a battle or war which changed the course of history. The Normandy scenario takes place during the D-Day invasion, where the player can play as the Allies to repeat the success of Operation Overlord, or play as the Germans to stop the Allied invasion force from breaching the Atlantic Wall. The Three Kingdoms recreates the period after the end of the Han Dynasty, where the player can play as the Kingdom of Wei or the Wu Kingdom, either winning historically as the Wei or changing history as the Wu.

"Empire Earth II" was developed by Mad Doc Software as a sequel to the 2001 game "Empire Earth" and published by Vivendi Universal Games on April 26, 2005.

An expansion pack, which was released by Mad Doc Software called "", was released on February 14, 2006.

The Multiplayer servers by GameSpy were taken offline on October 10, 2012.

After the end of the official support the game's community tried to take over the support and produced unofficial patches which are still updated. Among other things, the unofficial patch supports all possible screen resolutions, fixes maximization problems on Windows 8 / 8.1 / 10 and enabled DirectX 9 support to fix problems with only integrated graphics card being detected on Nvidia Optimus laptop under Windows 10. On 16 October 2015, Dr.MonaLisa (the creator of Unofficial Patches) released Unofficial Version 1.5.5 which brings back the old Multiplayer Lobby, which is now hosted on a new server.

"Empire Earth II" was generally well received scoring 8.9 out of 10 by IGN, and 8.0 by GameSpot. Shortly after the game's release, it was generally complimented for good gameplay and the options players had to customize the game." Criticisms of the game included high system requirements, issues with unit pathfinding, modest graphics, a poor unit counter system, a clunky, complicated, almost non-existent mission editor, and the increased complexity caused by the new game features." Others included poor in-game music and few terrain types.

"Empire Earth II" was a finalist for "PC Gamer US"s "Best Real-Time Strategy Game 2005" award, which ultimately went to "Age of Empires III".



</doc>
<doc id="1819312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1819312" title="Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising">
Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising

Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising is a 2004 first-person shooter computer game from Novalogic that focuses almost entirely on its expansive online multiplayer mode. Set in Indonesia in the near future, Joint Operations takes the player to a country on the verge of disintegration. Regional independence movements have acquired advanced weaponry as the nation's military splits into competing factions. Escalating violence threatens innocent civilians and Western economic interests. Developed using the Black Hawk Down engine, Joint Operations promises superior rendering technology and an enhanced 3rd generation multiplayer experience.

Although the game contains a series of single player training missions and operations accessible under the main page option "Missions", most players utilize the game's multiplayer option to compete online under the main page option "Novaworld" which connects the player to Novalogic's online gaming environment, Novaworld. Each "Joint Operations" server at Novaworld has the potential to hold up to 150 players, based on server bandwidth capacity, making the game a Massive Multiplayer Online First Person Shooter. Although a number of these servers are run by Novalogic, anyone with a PC and sufficient internet bandwidth can host a server, with a player limit of up to 64 people. Many independent servers exist, hosted by individuals or groups of players who form clans.

In the multiplayer setting, the game has five modes, which dictate how gameplay proceeds on any given map:


The Joint Operations Task Force is an international assistance force that is under the command of the fictional "Coalition of Nations", which was formed before 1999, made up of elite special operations personnel from the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, France, Russia, Australia and Indonesia. The Task Force was previously employed in peacekeeping operations in East Timor. After requests from the Indonesian government, the Task Force was sent to the country as part of Operation Typhoon Rising, to stop the rebellion and re-establish government control over rebel-controlled territories.

The Indonesian Separatist Movement grew out of the 1998 Indonesian Revolution which saw the downfall of Indonesian President Suharto. The rebels fight for varied reasons in their desire to attain independence of certain provinces, as well as to protect their people against the government. The instruction manual for the game states that the Rebels feel that they have been the victims of unfair and inhumane treatment at the hands of the Indonesian military and government. Joint Operations forces were sent to Indonesia to combat the rebel threat after three bombs were detonated by the Rebels, with one destroying part of a school, one destroying a government building in Jakarta, and one that nearly killed the Indonesian president. Recently, factions of the military started to join the movement resulting in the rebels taking control of several military bases and capturing large numbers of weapons and vehicles.

On November 19, 2004, Novalogic released an expansion pack, "Joint Operations: Escalation". The expansion pack was not a stand-alone release and required the original game be installed first prior to use. "Escalation" introduced new maps, weapons, and vehicles while focusing on an expansion of the conflict to other areas in Southeast Asia. Players had the option to use parachutes to jump out of helicopters or from elevated map locations.

In October 2005, Novalogic released both "Typhoon Rising" and "Escalation" as a compilation set called "Joint Operations: Combined Arms" which made it possible to buy both games in a single boxed product. This was done as a marketing move by the game manufacturer and there is no difference in game play between a player who owns "Joint Operations: Combined Arms" and a player who owns separate copies of both "Joint Operations: Typhoon Rising" and "Joint Operations: Escalation".

On August 11, 2009 Navarre Corporation re-released the compilation as "Joint Ops: Combined Arms Gold".

"Typhoon Rising" received "favorable" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

"Joint Operations" was a runner-up for "Computer Games Magazine"s 2004 "Best Multiplayer" award, which ultimately went to "Unreal Tournament 2004".

The expansion pack "Escalation" also received "favorable" reviews (though not as much as the original "Joint Operations") according to Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="1820836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1820836" title="State of Emergency (video game)">
State of Emergency (video game)

State of Emergency is a beat 'em up video game developed by VIS Entertainment and published by Rockstar Games for PlayStation 2 and Xbox, and by Global Star Software for Microsoft Windows.

In 2023, the United States government was weakened by an economic crisis. In response, the American Trade Organization, most commonly known as "The Corporation", builds a para-militaristic force and overthrows the government, taking over the United States of America and establishing a corporatised totalitarian police state. Years later, in 2035. An underground resistance named "Freedom" began a campaign of terrorism and soon sparked a national riot. The Corporation declares a state of emergency. The game takes place in the fictional Capital City. The player joins Freedom in an attempt to overthrow The Corporation; they must play as one of a selection of five characters who each have their own unique backgrounds.

The player is given the choice of choosing their characters to play as, however can only choose two and others need to be unlocked.

Roy Macneil AKA "Mack" MacNeil was a cop for fifteen years before he was fired from the force for refusing to open fire on a group of rioters looting a Corporation grocery store. A highly respected and high-ranking officer, MacNeil's dismissal resulted in a city-wide strike of protest by his fellow officers. The Corporation retaliated by replacing the entire force with their own security firm. MacNeil and his fellow officers continued to protest, eventually uncovering evidence that Corporation was funding organized crime outfits to harass non-Corporation businesses. When the ex-officers attempted to air their findings, key members were assassinated, prompting MacNeil to go into hiding. He has since been instrumental in organizing the underground revolutionary group, Freedom.

Anna Price AKA "Libra". Anna was an up-and-coming criminal attorney who once believed in the Corporation model of rebuilding America until she was blackmailed by the security forces to falsify evidence against political prisoners. When Anna refused to railroad her clients and threatened to expose Corporation, she paid a horrible price. A car bomb planted by Corporation thugs killed her husband and daughter, but she survived the blast. Believed to be officially dead, Anna has now hooked up with Freedom seeking revenge on the fascist state.

Hector Soldado AKA "Spanky" Spanky remembers the way his neighbourhood used to be. Although it wasn't always the nicest place to live, it now seems like paradise compared to the veritable war zone that it has become. Overrun by state sponsored death squads and gangs, the Corporation has launched a war of attrition against the forgotten people of Spanky's neighbourhood. Once a hardened gang member, this charismatic figure has now turned his efforts to organizing his community into an armed resistance against the Corporation.

Ricky Thang AKA "Freak" or "Phreak" Ricky was orphaned in high school when his parents were arrested as political dissidents and were never seen again. Ricky went into hiding with other runaways before he was recruited by agents of Freedom. As Ricky's father used to run a PC repair shop, he has been using PC's since he a child, and has become a prolific hacker and phone phreak. He is personally responsible for several attacks against Corporation's infrastructure, which first attracted the Freedom movement to put the hacker to good use.

Edward Raymonds AKA "The Bull" The Bull graduated from Mesa High and joined the armed forces before the Corporation takeover. He was discovered by a sports agent while playing for the army's football team, and was recruited to play professionally. The Bull enjoyed a legendary career until the Corporation bought the professional football league. When he refused to participate in Corporation-sponsored match fixing, he was framed for illegal drug use and served five years in prison. With his future bleak and reputation destroyed, The Bull was ready to go take out as many of the men responsible as he could. The Bull now uses his experience to train new recruits to Freedom and lead organized attacks against the Corporation.

By July 2006, the PlayStation 2 version of "State of Emergency" had sold 700,000 copies and earned $28 million in the United States. "Next Generation" ranked it as the 90th highest-selling game launched for the PlayStation 2, Xbox or GameCube between January 2000 and July 2006 in that country. Combined sales of the "State of Emergency" line reached 900,000 units in the United States by July 2006.

"State of Emergency" received "mixed or average" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. The game's strengths were considered to be the value for money as a budget title, the simplistic fun offered, the technical achievement of having hundreds of people running around on a modest system, and the satirical sense of humor. Weaknesses cited include gameplay that might be considered too simple, and a poor multiplayer mode on the PC.

"FHM" gave the PS2 version a score of four stars out of five and called it "Manic, frenzied and violent gaming at its gripping best." "The Cincinnati Enquirer" also gave the same version four stars out of five and stated that "This new 'bad boy' of the video game industry is extremely fun to play — for those old enough and mature enough to purchase it — as a campy stress releaser at the end of a bad day." However, "Maxim" gave the same version a score of six out of ten and said, "Such virtual destruction may once have seemed innocent, but these days the whole thing hits a little close to home." "Entertainment Weekly" gave said version a C, saying, "Four levels are too few to stay interesting for all 175-plus missions, which are too bloody repetitive." "The Village Voice" gave the Xbox version a similar score of five out of ten and said, "In 'Revolution' mode—a series of nearly identical, frustrating mini-missions—the jackbooted thugs, now armed with pistols, make life much tougher. (Deeply flawed camera views don't help.) What's the point if you can't steal your family some diapers?"

Before its release, the game was denounced by Washington state politicians for its similarity to the real-life 1999 World Trade Organization riots and protests in Seattle which caused $3 million in damages. The game features the fictional "American Trade Organization" as the antagonistic establishment.

A sequel, "State of Emergency 2", was released in 2006. This game was again developed by VIS Entertainment ltd although after they became insolvent and went into administration the game was completed by DC Studios and was released by SouthPeak Games.



</doc>
<doc id="1830189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1830189" title="Madden NFL 06">
Madden NFL 06

Madden NFL 06 is an American football video game which was released in 2005. It is also a launch game for the Xbox 360. It is the 16th installment of the Madden NFL series by EA Sports, named for noted color commentator John Madden. The product features former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb on the cover. It is the first Madden game for the PlayStation Portable and Xbox 360.

The game's box art was the first Madden football game to not include Madden's picture on it. The game also features WWE and UFC superstar, Brock Lesnar as a playable character.

"Madden 06" introduces the Superstar mode, which allows the player to create and take control of an NFL player from his rookie year all the way to retirement. An athlete can be created by evaluating pairs of judging, based on their IQs, occupations, and hobbies, whether their child would excel in the NFL or by importing a player. Superstar mode is essentially Madden's Franchise mode seen through the eyes of this athlete. Rather than manage the team's front office, the player manages the career of his athlete.

It also features the new QB Vision Control. A cone, appearing as a spotlight emitting from the quarterback, simulates his field of vision. To make an accurate pass, the quarterback must have his intended receiver in his field of vision. Passing to a receiver not in the cone reduces pass accuracy significantly. The size of the quarterback's vision cone is directly correlated to his Awareness rating.

However, this has been criticized by many fans because it may resemble some bias that EA Sports and the Madden series itself is frequently accused of. A player can shift the vision cone with the right analog stick, or focus the cone on a specific receiver by holding a shoulder button and pressing the button assigned to that receiver. This change also met with the poor reception. Although the passing system adds a whole new level of realism, it also makes the game significantly more difficult for players playing teams with less-aware quarterbacks. These players will be forced to improve their reflexes in order to be competitive, as throwing outside the QB vision cone results in a very weak and inaccurate pass.

Accompanying QB Vision is Precision Passing. Pressing the directional button or left analog stick in a certain direction as the quarterback passes the ball will make the throw over the receiver's head, behind him, in front of him, or at his knees.

The most critically acclaimed new feature is the highlight stick, which functions like an offensive version of the hit stick from the previous year. When running the football, a player can push forward the right analog stick to run over the defender, at the cost of risking a potential fumble. Several features from previous titles return such as hot routes, playmaker features, and franchise features.

The soundtrack for "Madden NFL 06" featured EA Trax integration that includes Avenged Sevenfold, Tech N9ne, Memphis Bleek, Slim Thug, Disturbed, Foo Fighters and many more hip hop/rock artists.

The player could import their created player from Own The City mode in "NFL Street 2" into the game's Superstar mode after finishing the game mode. The player starts as an 18-year-old rookie in NFL Superstar mode and attributes are given by how development points were distributed in "NFL Street 2". Also, draft classes from "NCAA Football 06" could be imported to franchise mode. If the player has a save file from "Madden NFL 06", they can unlock the Madden Challenge Bus in "Burnout Revenge"; a gameplay demo of "Revenge" is also available on the PlayStation 2 version of the game.

The game was met with very positive to mixed reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 85.26% and 88 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 84.11% and 86 out of 100 for the Xbox version; 83.07% and 86 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 76.61% and 78 out of 100 for the PC version; 74.55% and 74 out of 100 for the Xbox 360 version; 74.14% and 75 out of 100 for the PSP version; 69% and 71 out of 100 for the Game Boy Advance version; 66.67% for the Mobile version; and 63.22% and 66 out of 100 for the DS version.

Fans and EA developers both view "Madden NFL 06" as "the undisputed lemon of the franchise", because of the concurrent shift from the Xbox and PlayStation 2 to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The passing cone was so unpopular that it disappeared in "Madden NFL 09". Reviewers criticized the game's lack of new features and lackluster soundtrack (a recurring complaint), claiming the game plays very similarly to "Madden NFL 2005" if the QB Vision cone is turned off. GameSpot gave the mobile version a score of 7 out of 10 and called it "a decent game of football with a solid statistical foundation. It breaks new ground for the franchise and promises future installments for football fans. However, this edition definitely shows EA's wireless inexperience and wasn't the stunner it should have been. In particular, the game's visuals are a disappointment. If you already have a V Cast phone, Madden 06 isn't a bad way to go. It's just not the killer app that forces an upgrade." Similarly, IGN gave the same version seven out of ten, saying that the game "was developed not internally, but by a development house called Finite Monkeys. And it ultimately feels like they were rushed to get this game on the decks by "Madden Tuesday." This is unfortunate, because I think a lot of people will download the game hoping to have a "Madden experience" on their handset, and just end up with an average football game, albeit one with above-average visuals and spoken commentary."

"Madden NFL 06" was 2005's only NFL-Licensed football videogame, due to the 2004 deal between the NFL/NFLPA and Electronic Arts. The deal grants EA exclusive rights to the likenesses and names of all players, stadiums, logos, and jerseys. Electronic Arts also signed a long-term deal with ESPN, complicating the game's relationship to its titular announcer. In early 2006, Madden — at the time under contract as color commentator for ABC's Monday Night Football — moved to NBC to join their Sunday night NFL coverage beginning in the 2006 season. The Xbox 360 version of Madden 06 features neither Al Michaels nor Madden in the announcing booth. Some positives with the Xbox 360 version were the right stick being used for the QB Vision feature and different songs from the original.

In the United States, the game's PlayStation Portable version alone sold 590,000 copies and earned $28 million by August 2006. During the period between January 2000 and August 2006, it was the 48th highest-selling game launched for the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS or PlayStation Portable in that country.

E3 2005 Game Critics Awards: Best Sports Game


</doc>
<doc id="1831600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1831600" title="The 11th Hour (video game)">
The 11th Hour (video game)

The 11th Hour is a 1995 interactive movie puzzle adventure game with a horror setting. It is the sequel to the 1993 game "The 7th Guest".

The story opens 60 years after the events of "The 7th Guest". It is now 1995, and the player assumes the role of Carl Denning, an investigative reporter for the television series "Case Unsolved". Robin Morales, his producer and lover, mysteriously vanished three weeks prior in Harley-on-the-Hudson, New York. She was investigating a series of grisly murders and disappearances that had plagued the otherwise sleepy upstate town over the last few months. Denning's only solid lead is a portable computer called the GameBook delivered with only a postmark from Harley. When booted, the GameBook displays Robin's plea to help her escape.

The story then flashes back to the beginning of Robin's investigation. She interviews Eileen Wiley, the only person known to have survived an encounter with Henry Stauf's mansion. Eileen confirms she lost her hand that night, claiming it had been bitten off by a dog, but offers no other meaningful details of the encounter.

Suspicious of Eileen's story, Robin interviews Dr. Thornton, who treated Eileen that night. Though the doctor appears to believe Eileen about the dog, the interview proves fruitful as Dr. Thornton reveals that Eileen was not alone that night; her friend Samantha Ford was with her in the house those 18 years ago. Samantha's family used its considerable influence to keep her involvement out of the papers. He also reveals that Samantha has been paralyzed from the waist down ever since the girls' encounter. Dr. Thornton's nurse listens to the entire conversation through an intercom, demonstrating a strangely angry behavior.

Robin attempts to interview Samantha, but their meeting is adversarial. Samantha's forceful denials convince Robin that the women are not telling the truth about their encounter. Samantha confirms Robin's suspicions later that evening when she visits Robin's motel room and shares her story. Samantha claims that during their encounter with the house, something supernatural held the girls down and raped them, then let them go. Samantha had an illegal abortion that resulted in her paralysis, but Eileen had a daughter, Marie. Samantha claims there was always something sinister about the child and believes that all hell let loose around Marie's 18th birthday, that Marie is the mansion's offspring, and that Marie is responsible for the murders and disappearances. Meanwhile, Robin begins to bud a romance with Jim Martin, the local police chief.

Robin confronts Eileen with the story, and Eileen denies everything. Eileen then challenges Robin to go to the house herself. After Robin leaves it's revealed that Marie, who is Dr. Thornton's nurse, was listening to the entire conversation again. Desperate to keep her secret from getting out, Marie commands her lover Chuck Lynch to murder Robin. It's revealed that Chuck and Marie were responsible for the recent murder spree: from time to time, at Marie's orders, Chuck would kill an innocent victim as a human sacrifice to "feed" the entity that inhabits Stauf's mansion. It is implied that Chuck, who is an adulterous business man, was getting benefits magically from the entity in exchange for the sacrifices. Chuck initially resists murdering Robin, worried about the media attention a famous disappearance would bring, but Marie convinces him by reminding him of the consequences for not helping Stauf. He enters Robin's hotel and stabs someone sleeping in bed, but he actually stabbed the police chief who had a budding romance with Robin. Unable to remove the knife, he takes the body to Stauf's mansion, where he is pulled inside and killed by Stauf for his mistake. Robin comes to the house soon after and enters as Samantha watches remotely, somehow having hacked into Stauf's surveillance. As Robin moves through the house, it psychologically breaks her by systematically confronting her with uncomfortable truths about her past. 

The story then picks up with Carl in the mansion. Eventually Robin meets Stauf and he begins to tempt her into joining him, by enticing her with her own television network and other advantages she can get by serving the entity. Carl watches the conversation between them through the GameBook and unsuccessfully tries to convince Robin to just leave the mansion with him. As Robin ignores Carl's pleas and accepts Stauf's offer, Samantha breaks into the GameBook transmission and reveals that she was the one who sent the GameBook to Carl hoping that he could rescue Robin and warns him that it is too late now. Unable to leave Robin at first, Carl follows her cries upstairs where he meets Stauf, who is presiding over a game show called "Let’s Make a Real Deal" (a parody of Let's Make a Deal). Stauf explains that Carl must choose to open one of the doors, then offers Carl $600. Carl can keep it, or he can pay $200 and reveal what's behind one of the three doors in front of him. He pays to reveal door number two, which turns out to be a large TV. Next, he pays door number one, which is Marie. As Stauf tempts Carl with Marie's sexual prowess, Samantha hacks into the TV, warning him not to give in to temptation as Stauf mocks her paralysis. Finally, Carl pays to reveal door number three, which is Robin. She expresses her love for Carl, pleading with him to choose her. Samantha urges Carl to choose her, revealing that this will end Stauf forever and that choosing either of the others will doom him. The game turns Carl's choice over to the player, which reveals one of three endings:


Overall, the gameplay is similar to its predecessor's with the same puzzle-based gameplay structure, but with the additional element of a treasure hunt.

Although Trilobyte stated in 1993 — even before "The 7th Guest" became available—that it planned to release "The 11th Hour" by October of that year, it was very late to market by over two years (eventually releasing in December 1995) and failed to meet sales expectations upon its release. Early into its development, a port to the 3DO was planned, and a release date of May 1994 was announced, but it was pushed back to March 1995, and ultimately cancelled.

Trilobyte had confirmed that the game would be released on both the iPhone and iPad platforms. The release for iOS was scheduled for Q2/Q3 2011, but in March 2012 Trilobyte postponed the release indefinitely due to "serious technical challenges".

In April 2012, "The 7th Guest: Book of Secrets" application for iOS was renamed to just "Book of Secrets", and was updated to include a walkthrough and script for "The 11th Hour", just as it already had for "7th Guest".

In 2012, "The 11th Hour" was re-released for Windows, as a download from DotEmu and GOG.com. On October 18, 2013, it was re-released again on Steam, as part of a collaboration between Trilobyte and Night Dive Studios.

The makers of the game originally intended for it to contain more adult content in its cut scenes; the script for the game (published as part of a walk-through guide) included several R-rated sex scenes. Rumors immediately surfaced that an "uncut" version of "11th Hour" existed, leading to the game makers announcing that the R-rated sequences, though planned, were never filmed.

Many of the videos that were filmed for the game used location shooting; the fifth scene utilised a blue screen incorporating a neutral blue drape. Macintosh Premier was used to convert the capture film into digitized images and videos. A program called 'Wavelet' was used to compress the game's videos.

It was developed by Trilobyte and used a later version of the Groovie graphic engine than that used by "The 7th Guest". "The 11th Hour" also features the music of George "The Fat Man" Sanger and Team Fat.

Reviews of the game upon initial release were mixed. After extensively praising the game's graphics, challenging puzzles, storyline, and atmosphere, as well as the lower amount of gratuitous gore when compared to "The 7th Guest", a reviewer for "Maximum" concluded "However, the bottom line is that "11th Hour" is basically a more advanced version of "7th Guest"." A reviewer for "Next Generation" also found the game much too similar to its predecessor, particularly as he considered the entire genre of puzzle adventures to be a waste of time. He also criticized that the game has long load times except when running on high-end computers. Arinn Dembo reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World. In 2010, UGO included the game in the article The 11 Weirdest Game Endings.

By April 1995, Trilobyte planned to launch "The 11th Hour" with a shipment of 250,000 copies. However, by December, retailers in the United States had ordered 500,000 units of the game. According to Geoff Keighley, ""The 11th Hour" had the biggest ship-out of a PC game up until that point - nearly half a million units". The game was a commercial success, with sales of nearly 300,000 copies in the United States alone by May 1996.

"The 11th Hour" won the following awards:



</doc>
<doc id="1831613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1831613" title="Heroes of Might and Magic IV">
Heroes of Might and Magic IV

Heroes of Might and Magic IV is a turn-based strategy game developed by Gus Smedstad through New World Computing and published by the 3DO Company for Microsoft Windows-based personal computers in 2002. A Macintosh port was subsequently developed by Contraband Entertainment and released by the 3DO Company. The fourth installment of the popular "Heroes of Might and Magic" franchise, it is the sequel to "Heroes of Might and Magic III", and was the last to be developed by New World Computing.

"Heroes of Might and Magic IV" introduced a number of major changes to the series.

Unlike previous games, where they had little active role in combat, heroes became present on the battlefield with their troops. They can attack, and be attacked. If a hero is killed in combat he/she must be brought to a friendly town to be revived. It is possible to have armies with more than one hero, or with no heroes at all, although armies without a hero are incapable of performing certain tasks, such as capturing enemy towns or structures. 

The skill system also underwent a significant overhaul, and all Heroes of a given class start out with the same skills. The player has significantly more control over the development of the Hero than in previous games in the series, and Heroes "evolve" into over 40 different specialized classes. A Hero can select up to five of the nine available primary skills, and each primary skill makes available three secondary skills. Each of these 36 skills have five levels of progression as opposed to the three levels in the previous games.

Both the adventure and combat maps were converted to a fixed-view isometric 3D display. The traditional hexagon-based battle grid was converted into a much higher-resolution square-based grid, making it easier to feature units of different sizes. Non-hero spellcasting units were given proper spell selections. Retaliation was allowed simultaneously with the attack, and ranged units were given the capability to retaliate against ranged attacks. Projectile attacks and spells now required direct line of sight to the target. 

Each individual troop unit was given its own movement allowance on the adventure map, with units possessing the ability to split off independently of the main army; however, the troops can no longer be "shuttled" from hero to hero to move an army large distances in a single turn. Logistics were restricted by eliminating or weakening travel spells. This, in turn, was partially compensated for by the elimination of the need to revisit resource-producing structures each week, and the introduction of caravans, which can quickly and safely transport heroes and remotely recruit troops from external dwellings.

A small number of these skills are shared with earlier games, and some of the new skills can dramatically affect strategy (e.g., a Hero with Grandmaster Stealth is invisible to all non-allied units). Troop units may no longer be upgraded, and there are four recruitable ranks of units, down from seven. Each rank has two dwellings that can be built, but beyond the first rank, building one dwelling precludes the other. The creature dwellings themselves accumulate new creatures every day, as opposed to the start of each new week.

Following the events of "Heroes Chronicles: The Sword of Frost", Gelu, the leader of AvLee's Forest Guard and wielder of Armageddon's Blade, attacks Kilgor, the Barbarian King of Krewlod, in an attempt to claim and destroy the Sword of Frost. As foretold by a prophecy, when Armageddon's Blade and the Sword of Frost clash in battle, the result is a massive explosion (known as the Reckoning), which destroys the world of Enroth. Many of the inhabitants of the planet, however, escape through mysterious portals that appear during the Reckoning that lead them to another world, called Axeoth – also the setting for "Might and Magic IX". Included among the refugees are many of the heroes of previous installments of the series, and many return to their old ways shortly after arriving on their new home.

The story of "Heroes of Might and Magic IV" unfolds primarily through the game's six campaigns, each of which establishes how the major kingdoms of one of Axeoth's continents were forged in the wake of the Reckoning, and the arrival of the Enrothian refugees on Axeoth. Each of the campaigns centers on a faction leader, and tells the story of how that leader came to prominence. Unlike "Heroes of Might and Magic III", all of the six campaigns are accessible from the beginning, and each unfolds as a stand-alone tale.







Two expansion packs were released for "Heroes IV": Heroes of Might and Magic IV: The Gathering Storm (2002) and Heroes of Might and Magic IV: Winds of War (2003), both for Microsoft Windows only. 

"The Gathering Storm" offers six campaigns, more than 20 maps, 16 additional artifacts, four new creatures, and a multiplayer update. Each of the first five campaigns features a new specialty hero. "The Gathering Storm" also features an upgraded editor, which allows full access to new heroes, adventure objects, artifacts and creatures. A new soundtrack is also included.

"Winds of War" introduces three new creatures and six new campaigns, which collectively tell the story of the invasion of the kingdom of Channon by the leaders of its five neighboring kingdoms. "Winds of War" was the last installment of the entire "Heroes of Might and Magic" series to be developed by New World Computing. Afterwards, the bankruptcy of the 3DO Company led to the sale of the "Might and Magic" franchise to Ubisoft for $1.3 million.
In the German market, "Heroes of Might and Magic IV" debuted at #5 on Media Control's computer game sales chart for April 2002. It climbed to fourth in its second month, before dropping to 12th and 19th in June and July, respectively.

The critic aggregator Metacritic determined that reviewers found the game to be generally favorable, with a weighted score of 84 out of 100. GameSpot wrote that "Heroes IV is clearly a worthy successor to the series and has very clearly been worth the wait", praising New World Computing for being "able to incorporate so many new and interesting features into this sequel while still making sure it kept all the core elements that made all the previous games so great". PC Gameworld was slightly less favorable, saying, "The spark might be there, but it doesn’t burn as bright as it has in the past."

The expansions were less well received by professional reviewers, with metascores of 64 out of 100 for "The Gathering Storm" and 58 out of 100 for "Winds of War."

"Heroes of Might and Magic IV" was a nominee for "The Electric Playground"s 2002 "Best Strategy Game for PC" award, but lost to "".



</doc>
<doc id="1834549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1834549" title="MegaMek">
MegaMek

MegaMek is an open-source, turn-based strategy computer game that simulates the "BattleTech" board game. "MegaMek" is not licensed by or affiliated with Topps or Catalyst Game Labs, the owners and publishers of the "BattleTech" line, but is nonetheless a faithful simulation of the game. Exceptions are a few trademarked items changed by the developers (e.g., changing "'Mech" to "Mek").

"MegaMek" was started in 2000 by Ben Mazur and first made public with the initial revision on SourceForge in February 2002. Today "MegaMek" is developed and maintained by a community of volunteer programmers, with a small core of developers supported by numerous contributors. Originally hosted on SourceForge, the project is now hosted on GitHub and is distributed with its source code under the GNU General Public License. The game is written entirely in Java with graphics based on Swing, resulting in reasonable playability even on low-end platforms.

Currently, "MegaMek" supports all the rules from the "BattleTech" introductory box set, most of the rules from the "Total Warfare" core rulebook, a number of advanced rules from the "Tactical Operations" rulebook, and some house rules. The game offers a bot that one can play against. It is capable of using most of the core features, but is unable to use many of the advanced rules. Also, most of the "AeroTech" rules from "Total Warfare" are implemented. The game currently supports multiplayer via TCP/IP, though play-by-email is possible through the exchange of saved games.

"MegaMekLab" a tool suite for creating, editing and validating designs for various unit types available in "BattleTech". "MekHQ" is a tool suite to help players keep track of their units across multiple scenarios.

A sister project, "MekWars," gives MegaMek a campaign structure with a chat interface, hangars, accounts, repairs, and numerous other settings which can be defined by each server administrator as she or he wishes. There are numerous MekWars servers which offer campaigns in the different eras of "BattleTech".

In June 2003, "MegaMek" was chosen as SourceForge's project of the month and was featured in the print edition of the Linux Magazine.

As of August 2019, "MegaMek" had been downloaded from SourceForge over 760,000 times.




</doc>
<doc id="1838369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1838369" title="Pacific General">
Pacific General

Pacific General is a computer wargame depicting famous battles of the World War II Pacific campaigns. It was published by Strategic Simulations in 1997 using the same game engine of the earlier and successful "Panzer General "for Windows 95. It was re-released on GOG.com in May 2015.

"Pacific General "(also known as "PacGen") is played on a hex map with icons representing aircraft, warships, tanks, and groups of soldiers. The turn-based style allows each player to strategize their next move. Combat involves various factors, like critical hits, surprise, and terrain. Particular attention is spent on naval warfare, where ships can sustain critical hits to ship systems and submarines can submerge to launch stealth attacks. The weather and time of day are also important factors to consider: darkness can obscure troop movements and rain can prevent airstrikes. Troops can sustain suppression from enemy fire, inhibiting their offensive and defensive abilities, and they can also entrench themselves, enhancing their defensive strength.

Players win by amassing victory points that are gained by occupying specific objective hexes. The side with the most victory points is declared the winner. Like role-playing games, the player can upgrade or add units to his core force, with the unit's experience carrying on to the next battle. He also must be aware of each unit's fuel and ammunition levels, and also the fog of war, the collective vision of all units under his control.

Prestige is the currency of the game. Prestige is gained by destroying enemy units and lost when a player buys or upgrades his units. Prestige is also available at the start of a new scenario before any combat begins.

Whereas the first "Panzer General" targeted DOS, "Pacific General" was made for Windows. "Pacific General" utilize interface and share an underlying file system that differs from the original "Panzer General". Fans created a version of "Pacific General", based on its own DOS version, that borrows interface features from the original "Panzer General". Called "Pacific Panzer General" (PacPG), it includes all scenarios and campaigns from the original, as well as bugfixes.

The player can choose between the Allied and Axis sides in both real and hypothetical scenarios, like the Battle of Midway and Operation Downfall. Thirty-one countries are represented, including the United States, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Australia, and the Soviet Union but only United States and Japan has campaign modes. Each nation has historical weapons available.

There are several types of unit categories: tanks, infantry, artillery, fighter aircraft, bombers, aircraft carriers, battleships, forts, etc. Infantry and towed weapons may have attached trucks or half-track transports and land units can be moved around the map on cargo ships or cargo planes. Most nations have several units in each category, and many are unique to each nation; the Japanese have kamikazes at their disposal. Each unit has specific entry dates to when they can be available to a player; the U.S. cannot field jet aircraft until the hypothetical invasion of Japan from late 1945 to 1946. Custom Equipment Rosters (referred to as "E-Rosters") have been made available for this game after initial release by third-party fan sites, increasing the number of units available for each nation as well as improved in-game graphics.

The battles are only approximate representations of historical battles, where only a fraction of the participating forces are included. An Allies (United States) campaign and an Axis (Japan) campaign are included, as well as several other scenarios. A campaign is composed of many scenarios strung together. Similar to other titles in SSI's "General" series of wargames, players may find themselves commanding forces in hypothetical scenarios if they are much more successful than real-life commanders. For example, if Japanese players attain impressive victories, such as capturing Port Moresby or winning Battle of Midway for Japan, it's possible to invade Australia, Hawaii or even San Francisco, victories that historical Japanese commanders didn't come close to imagining.

The player can also create custom scenarios and campaigns, and a battle generator is available. Multiple fan-sites exist offering downloads to additional scenarios and campaigns.

The additional user-built campaigns include several German, several American, one Chinese, one Japanese, one Soviet, one British and two Italian campaigns.

Like earlier games in the "General" series, "Pacific General" sold at least 50,000 units by September 1997.




</doc>
<doc id="1838814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1838814" title="Dark Sun: Shattered Lands">
Dark Sun: Shattered Lands

Dark Sun: Shattered Lands is a turn-based role-playing video game that takes place in the "Dungeons and Dragons"' campaign setting of Dark Sun. It was released for MS-DOS in a somewhat unfinished state in 1993 by Strategic Simulations, and later patched to a more workable version. It was available on both floppy disk and CD-ROM, though the CD-ROM contained no additional content and was merely used to install the game to the computer's hard drive.

It was later re-released as part of the AD&D Masterpiece Collection in 1996. In addition, Data East was developing console ports for the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation for release in 1996, but they were cancelled.

The game had a sequel, "", in 1994. An online MMORPG, "", was released in 1996 and hosted on the T.E.N. Network.

The game was re-released in 2015 on Gog.com with support for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

"Dark Sun: Shattered Lands" takes place in the fictional land of Athas, a dying and hostile desert world. The locale is Draj, a city-state ruled by a powerful sorcerer-king. Nearby are several "free cities", surviving in the desert thanks to the hard work of their citizens. Upon the completion of the pyramid in Draj, the Sorcerer-King desires to make a great sacrifice of blood by sweeping the desert and destroying the inhabitants of the cities not under his control. The player controls a party of up to four gladiators, condemned to fight in Draj's arena until they die, so naturally the first order of business is escape. Upon escape, the party must unite the free cities to resist Draj's army.

"Dark Sun" does not use SSI's older Gold Box engine. The game uses a top-down view of the world similar to the "Ultima" series. Much of the game involves interaction with other characters, giving the "Dark Sun" series more emphasis on role-playing and less on dungeon crawling than in the Gold Box games.

The game uses a variant of "Advanced Dungeons & Dragons" 2nd Edition rules. As with other "Dungeons & Dragons" computer games, combat features prominently in the game play. "Shattered Lands" is noted for its highly strategic combat thanks to its two-dimensional turn-based combat system. No two battles are alike, and many of the "boss battles" involve a large army rather than a few powerful mages or fighters. Proper formation and spell use is a must, particularly when attacked from several directions. Characters are also far more powerful in Dark Sun than in ordinary "Dungeons & Dragons" campaign settings: base stats are 4d4+4 rather than 3d6, and members of one race, half-giant, receive double to their hit die rolls. "Shattered Lands" also incorporates elements unique to the "Dark Sun" campaign setting, including unique character races (the Mul and the insectoid Thri-kreen) and extensive use of psionics.

This game was later included in the 1996 compilation set, the "AD&D Masterpiece Collection".

"Shattered Lands" debuted at #17 on PC Data's computer games sales chart for the month of September 1993. It climbed to third place in October.

Writing for "CD-ROM Today", T. Liam McDonald called "Shattered Lands" "a refreshing new twist on familiar "AD&D" games", and noted its "vastly improved interface" compared to SSI's previous products. Peter Olafson of "Electronic Entertainment" found "Shattered Lands" to be flawed, but he concluded that it was still "a very good game". He summarized, "This isn't gold plate. This isn't tin. It's the real thing—with a bit of tarnish."

Scorpia of "Computer Gaming World" in 1993 assured readers that "Dark Sun" "is about as far from [the Gold Box series] as you can get ... SSI is taking their role-playing line in a new direction, which is good to see". While criticizing the "inanity" of the AD&D 2nd edition rules, and insufficient documentation, she concluded that "my impression of "Dark Sun" is favorable. SSI is moving to a more mature form of CRPG [with] much promise for the future, and promises a good game to play right now". The game was reviewed in 1994 in "Dragon" #205 by Sandy Petersen in the "Eye of the Monitor" column, who gave the game 3 out of 5 stars. John Terra of "Computer Shopper" mostly praised the game. He called the controls "instinctive" and "easy to master". He went on to compliment the audio and visuals, saying the graphics are "extremely detailed" and that the sound effects "stand out, with various combat noises that enhance the atmosphere during melee". He did have negative remarks about the map feature, noting that it does not automap and that it displays the positions of enemies, eliminating some of the suspense.

"Dark Sun" was a runner-up for "Computer Gaming World"s Role-Playing Game of the Year award in June 1994, which ultimately went to "Betrayal at Krondor". The editors wrote that "Dark Sun" "managed to capture the uniqueness of the magic system and 'scorched earth' look of Troy Denning's "Prism Pentad" series of novels".

According to GameSpy, "Dark Sun was TSR's "post-magical apocalypse" world of brutality, blood, and incredibly violent death. "Dark Sun: Shattered Lands"' graphics, on the other hand, were rather cutesy—not the violent, mature affair fans were hoping for."


</doc>
<doc id="1847427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1847427" title="Team Fortress 2">
Team Fortress 2

Team Fortress 2 is a multiplayer first-person shooter game developed and published by Valve. It is the sequel to the 1996 mod "Team Fortress" for "Quake" and its 1999 remake, "Team Fortress Classic". It was released as part of the video game bundle "The Orange Box" in October 2007 for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox 360. A PlayStation 3 version followed in December 2007 when The Orange Box was ported to the system. Later in development, the game was released as a standalone title for Windows in April 2008, and was updated to support Mac OS X in June 2010 with Linux following in February 2013. It is distributed online through Valve's digital retailer Steam, with Electronic Arts handling all physical and console ports of the game.

The player can join one of two teams, RED or BLU, and choose one of 9 character classes to battle in game modes such as capture the flag and king of the hill. Development of the game was led by John Cook and Robin Walker, the developers of the original "Team Fortress" mod. "Team Fortress 2" was first announced in 1998 under the name "Team Fortress 2: Brotherhood of Arms". Initially, the game had more realistic, militaristic visuals and gameplay, but this changed over the protracted nine-year development. After Valve released no information for six years, "Team Fortress 2" regularly featured in "Wired News" annual vaporware list among other ignominies. The finished "Team Fortress 2" has cartoon-like visuals influenced by the art of J. C. Leyendecker, Dean Cornwell, and Norman Rockwell, and uses Valve's Source game engine.

"Team Fortress 2" received critical acclaim for its art direction, gameplay, humor, and use of character in a multiplayer-only game. Valve continues to release new content in the form of submissions made through the Steam Workshop. In June 2011, it became free-to-play, supported by microtransactions for in-game cosmetics. A 'drop system' was also added and refined, allowing free-to-play users to periodically receive game equipment and items by use of a random number generator. Though the game had an unofficial competitive scene for many years, both support for official competitive play through ranked matchmaking and an overhauled casual experience were added in July 2016.

In "Team Fortress 2," two teams compete for a combat-based objective. In the game's storyline, the teams are composed of mercenaries hired by two feuding brothers to protect the company assets belonging to one brother while trying to destroy those of the other; the teams are thus represented by the names of these companies: Reliable Excavation & Demolition (RED) and Builders League United (BLU). Players can choose to play as one of nine character classes in these teams, each with his own unique strengths, weaknesses, and weapons. In order to accomplish objectives efficiently, a balance of these classes is required due to how these strengths and weaknesses interact with each other in a team-based environment. Although the abilities of a number of classes have changed from earlier "Team Fortress" incarnations, the basic elements of each class have remained, that being one primary weapon, one secondary weapon, and one melee weapon. The game was released with six official maps, although over 100 maps have since been included in subsequent updates, including competitive remakes of older maps and community-assembled maps. When players choose a gamemode for the first time, an introductory video shows how to complete its objectives. During matches, the "Administrator", a woman voiced by Ellen McLain, announces various game events over loudspeakers. The player limit is 16 on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. On the PC, in 2008 Valve updated the game to include a server variable that allows up to 32 players.

"Team Fortress 2" is the first of Valve's multiplayer games to provide detailed statistics for individual players. They include: time spent playing as each class, most points obtained, most captures or objectives achieved in a single life, and many other things. Persistent statistics tell the player how he or she is improving in relation to these statistics, such as if a player comes close to his or her record for the damage inflicted in a round. "Team Fortress 2" also features numerous "achievements" for carrying out certain tasks, such as scoring a certain number of kills or completing a round within a certain time. New sets of class-specific achievements have been added in updates, which add new abilities and weapons to each class once unlocked by the player. This unlockable system has since been expanded into a random-chance system, where the player can also obtain the items simply by playing the game.

"Team Fortress 2" contains five core game modes.






There are several alternative game modes in "Team Fortress 2". These modes consist of a small amount of maps and detach from the core game modes in some way.









Mann vs Machine (MvM) is a cooperative game mode where players must defend their base from waves of robots modelled after all the nine playable classes, and slow-moving tanks carrying bombs. Robots and tanks drop credits upon their death, which players can use to buy upgrades for themselves or their weapons. The players win upon successfully defending their base from the bomb until the last wave. A paid version of this game mode called "Mann Up" is also available, where players buy tickets to play "tours", with the chance to win unique cosmetics and weapon skins upon completion.

There also exists a Training mode and a Practice mode. Training mode exists to help new players get acquainted with basic controls, and teaches them the basics of four of the nine classes. It uses wooden dummies and bots to teach players. Practice mode is just like any other multiplayer match, but only consists of the player and bots. The number of bots, their difficulty, and the map can all be adjusted to a player's preference, though not all the maps are available in training.

Since 2009, there is typically also a Halloween-themed variation on one or more of the above modes during the weeks around the holiday, with maps or modes updated to include themed decorations and often a more difficult challenge to the players. For example, Halloween 2012 included an extremely difficult Mann vs. Machine round involving destroying more than 800 enemy forces. Due to popular demand of the Halloween events, Valve added Full Moon, the ability to play these events on the few days around the full moon throughout the year, and later Eternaween, the ability for players to vote to play the themed events for a two-hour block at any other time.

"Team Fortress 2" features nine playable classes, categorized into the roles "Offense", "Defense", and "Support". Each class has strengths and weaknesses and must work with other classes to be efficient, encouraging strategy and teamwork. Each class has at least three weapons: a unique primary weapon, a common or unique secondary weapon, and a unique melee weapon.










Other characters include the Administrator (voiced by Ellen McLain), an unseen announcer who provides information about time limits and objectives to players, and her assistant Miss Pauling (Ashly Burch). The cast has expanded with Halloween updates, including the characters of Merasmus, the Bombinomicon, the Horseless Headless Horsemann, Monoculus, and the Mann Brothers (all voiced by Nolan North).

In the video announcement for the "Jungle Inferno" update, Mann Co. CEO Saxton Hale is voiced by JB Blanc.

"Team Fortress 2" is played competitively, through multiple leagues. The North American league, ESEA, supports a paid "Team Fortress 2" league, with $42,000 in prizes for the top teams in 2017. "Team Fortress 2" is played competitively in many formats, such as Highlander (nine players per team, one of each class), 7v7 and 6v6. While formalized competitive gameplay is very different from normal "Team Fortress 2", it offers an environment with a much higher level of teamwork than in public servers. Most teams use voice chat to communicate, and use a combination of strategy, communication, and aiming ability to win against other teams. Community-run competitive leagues also tend to feature restrictions such as item bans and class limits. These leagues are often supported by Valve via in-game medals, which are submitted on the Steam Workshop, and announcements on the official blog.

In April 2015, Valve announced that a dedicated competitive mode would be added to "Team Fortress 2", utilizing skill-based matchmaking; closed beta testing began in the following year. The competitive mode was added in the "Meet Your Match" update, released on July 7, 2016. Ranked matches are played six-vs-six, with players ranked in thirteen tiers based on win/losses and an assessment of their skills. Ranked matchmaking will balance players based on their tiers and rating. A similar matchmaking approach has been added for casual games for matches of 12-vs-12 players. In order to join competitive matchmaking, players must have associated their Steam account with the Steam Guard Mobile Authenticator, as well as having a "Team Fortress 2" "premium account", which is unlocked by either having bought the game before it went free-to-play or by having made an in-game item purchase since.

The original "Team Fortress" was developed by Robin Walker and John Cook as a free mod for the 1996 PC game "Quake". In 1998, Walker and Cook were employed by Valve, which had just released its first game, "Half-Life." Valve began developing "Team Fortress 2" as a standalone retail game using Valve's GoldSrc engine. In 1999, Valve released "Team Fortress Classic," a port of the original "Team Fortress," as a free "Half-Life" mod. "Team Fortress Classic" was developed using the publicly available "Half-Life" software development kit as an example to the community and industry of its flexibility.

In contrast to the original "Team Fortress," Valve originally planned "Team Fortress 2" to have a modern war aesthetic. It would feature a command hierarchy including a Commander class, parachute drops over enemy territory, networked voice communication, and numerous other innovations. The Commander class played similarly to a real-time strategy game, with the player viewing the game from a bird's-eye perspective and issuing orders to players and AI-controlled soldiers.

"Team Fortress 2" was first shown at E3 1999, where Valve showcased new technologies including parametric animation, which blended animations for smoother, more lifelike movement, and Intel's multi-resolution mesh technology, which dynamically reduced the detail of distant on-screen elements to improve performance. The game earned several awards including Best Online Game and Best Action Game.

In mid-2000, Valve announced that "Team Fortress 2" had been delayed for a second time. They attributed the delay to development switching to an in-house engine, the Source engine. Following the announcement, Valve stopped releasing information about "Team Fortress 2" and the game entered six years of silent development. Walker and Cook worked on various other Valve projects; Walker was project lead on "" and Cook became a Steam developer. "Team Fortress 2" became a prominent example of vaporware, a long-anticipated game that had seen years of development, and was often mentioned alongside another much-delayed game, "Duke Nukem Forever." Walker later stated that Valve built "three to four" different versions of "Team Fortress 2" before settling on their final design. Shortly before the release of "Half-Life 2" in 2004, Valve's marketing director Doug Lombardi confirmed that "Team Fortress 2" was still in development. Valve reintroduced "Team Fortress 2" at the July 2006 EA Summer Showcase event with a drastically different visual design"."

Departing from the realistic visual design of Valve games such as "Half-Life 2", "" and "", "Team Fortress 2" features a cartoon-like visual style influenced by 20th-century commercial illustrations and the artwork of J. C. Leyendecker, Dean Cornwell, and Norman Rockwell, achieved through Gooch shading. The game debuted with the Source engine's new dynamic lighting, shadowing and soft particle technologies alongside "Half-Life 2: Episode Two". It was the first game to implement the Source engine's new Facial Animation 3 features.

Valve abandoned the realistic style when it became impossible to reconcile it with the unrealistic gameplay, with opposing armies having constructed elaborate bases directly next to each other. The Commander class was abandoned as players would simply refuse to follow the player's orders.

The art style was inspired by the artwork of J. C. Leyendecker, Dean Cornwell and Norman Rockwell. Valve designed each character, team, and equipped weapon to be visually distinct, even at range; for example, the coloring draws attention to the chest area, bringing focus on the equipped weapon. The voices for each of the classes were based on imagining what people from the 1960s would expect the classes to have sounded like, according to writer Chet Faliszek.

The map design has an "evil genius" theme with archetypical spy fortresses, concealed within inconspicuous buildings such as industrial warehouses and farms to give plausibility to their close proximities; these bases are usually separated by a neutrally themed space. The bases hide exaggerated super weapons such as laser cannons, nuclear warheads, and missile launch facilities, taking the role of objectives. The maps have little visual clutter and stylized, almost impressionistic modeling, to allow enemies to be spotted more easily. The impressionistic design approach also affects textures, which are based on photos that are filtered and improved by hand, giving them a tactile quality and giving "Team Fortress 2" its distinct look. The bases are designed to let players immediately know where they are. RED bases use warm colors, natural materials, and angular shapes, while BLU bases use cool colors, industrial materials, and orthogonal shapes.

During the July 2006 Electronic Arts press conference, Valve revealed that "Team Fortress 2" would ship as the multiplayer component of "The Orange Box". A conference trailer showcasing all nine of the classes demonstrated for the first time the game's whimsical new visual style. Managing director of Valve Gabe Newell said that the company's goal was to create "the best looking and best-playing class-based multiplayer game". A beta release of the entire game was made on Steam on September 17, 2007, for customers who had pre-purchased "The Orange Box", who had activated their "Black Box" coupon, which was included with the ATI HD 2900XT Graphics cards, and for members of Valve's Cyber Café Program. The beta continued until the game's final release.

The game was released on October 10, 2007, both as a standalone product via Steam and at retail stores as part of "The Orange Box" compilation pack, priced at each gaming platform's recommended retail price. "The Orange Box" also contains "Half-Life 2", "Half-Life 2: Episode One", "Half-Life 2: Episode Two", and "Portal". Valve offered "The Orange Box" at a ten percent discount for those who pre-purchased it via Steam before the October 10 release, as well as the opportunity to participate in the beta test.

Since the release of "Team Fortress 2", Valve has continually released free updates and patches through Steam for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux users; though most patches are used for improving the reliability of the software or to tweak gameplay changes, several patches have been used to introduce new features and gameplay modes, and are often associated with marketing materials such as comics or videos offered on the "Team Fortress 2" website; this blog is also used to keep players up to date with the ongoing developments in "Team Fortress 2". As of July 2012, each class has been given a dedicated patch that provides new weapons, items, and other gameplay changes; these class patches typically included the release of the class's "Meet the Team" video. Other major patches have included new gameplay modes including the Payload, Payload Race, Training, Highlander, Medieval, and Mann vs. Machine modes. Themed patches have also been released, such as a yearly Halloween-themed event called "Scream Fortress", where players may obtain unique items available only during a set period around the holiday. Other new features have given players the ability to craft items within the game from other items, trade items with other players, purchase in-game items through funds in Steam, and save and edit replay videos that can be posted to YouTube.

Valve has released tools to allow users to create maps, weapons, and cosmetic items through a contribution site; the most popular are added as official content for the game. This approach has subsequently created the basis for the Steam Workshop functionality of the software client. In one case, more than fifty users from the content-creation community worked with Valve to release an official content update in May 2013, with all of the content generated by these players. Valve reported that as of June 2013, over $10 million has been paid back to over 400 community members that have helped to contribute content to the game, including a total of $250,000 for the participants in the May 2013 patch. To help promote community-made features, Valve has released limited-time events, such as the "Gun Mettle" or "Invasion" events in the second half of 2015, also including the "Tough Break" update in December 2015, in which players can spend a small amount of money which is paid back to the community developers for the ability to gain unique items offered while playing on community-made maps during the event.

Development of the new content had been confirmed (but later quietly cancelled) for the Xbox 360, while development for the PlayStation 3 was deemed "uncertain" by Valve. However, the PlayStation 3 version of "Team Fortress 2" received an update that repaired some of the issues found within the game, ranging from graphical issues to online connectivity problems; this update was included in a patch that also repaired issues found in the other games within "The Orange Box". The updates released on PC and planned for later release on Xbox 360 include new official maps and game modes, as well as tweaks to classes and new weapons that can be unlocked through the game's achievement system. The developers attempted to negotiate with Xbox 360 developer Microsoft to keep the Xbox 360 releases of these updates free, but Microsoft refused and Valve announced that they would release bundles of several updates together to justify the price. Because of the cost of patching during the seventh generation of video game consoles, Valve has been unable to provide additional patches to the Xbox 360 version since 2009, effectively cancelling development of the console versions.

On June 10, 2010, "Team Fortress 2" was released for OS X, shortly after the release of Steam for OS X. The release was teased by way of an image similar to early iPod advertising, showing a dark silhouette of the Heavy on a bright green background, his Sandvich highlighted in his hand. Virtual earbuds, which can be worn when playing on either OS X or Windows once acquired, were given to players playing the game on OS X before June 14, though the giveaway period was later extended to August 16.

On November 6, 2012, Valve announced the release of "Team Fortress 2" for Linux as part of a restricted beta launch of Steam on the platform. This initial release of Steam and "Team Fortress 2" was targeted at Ubuntu with support for other distributions planned for the future. Later, on December 20, 2012, Valve opened up access to the beta, including "Team Fortress 2", to all Steam users without the need to wait for an invitation. On February 14, 2013, Valve announced the full release of "Team Fortress 2" for Linux. From then to March 1, anyone who played the game on Linux would receive a free Tux penguin, which can be equipped in-game.

"Team Fortress 2" was announced in March 2013 to be the first game to officially support the Oculus Rift, a consumer-grade virtual reality headset. A patch will be made to the client to include a "VR Mode" that can be used with the headset on any public server.

In "Team Fortress 2" players can trade with other users for items such as weapons, cosmetics, weapon skins, and utilities. Weapons and utilities can change and affect gameplay in different ways, the main being that some weapons have different stats than others and thus allow a different play style. Cosmetic items, on the other hand, do not change gameplay at all and simply change an in-game character's appearance.

In late 2011, the gaming site Kotaku reported that the "Team Fortress 2"s trading economy was worth over $50 million. Additionally, many of the individual items have reached immense levels of real-world value, with one character hat in particular being sold for over AU$24,000 (over US$18,000).

Third-party websites have been set up to help users trade, as well as track the value of the many in-game items within the Team Fortress 2 economy. Crate keys, crafting metal, and Earbuds (an in-game cosmetic item) have all been used as currency for other items such as weapons, cosmetics, and taunts due to their values.

On June 23, 2011, Valve announced that "Team Fortress 2" would become free to play. Unique equipment including weapons and outfits would be available as microtransactions through the in-game store, tied through Steam. Walker stated that Valve would continue to provide new features and items free. Walker stated that Valve had learned that the more players "Team Fortress 2" had, the more value it had for each player.

The move came a week after Valve introduced several third-party free-to-play games to Steam and stated they were working on a new free-to-play game. Within nine months of becoming free to play, Valve reported that revenue from "Team Fortress 2" had increased by a factor of twelve.

To promote the game, Valve released a ten-video advertisement series, "Meet the Team", starting in May 2007. Constructed using the game engine and using slightly more detailed character models, the series consists of short videos on individual characters, displaying their personalities and tactics. The videos are usually interspersed with clips of the character in combat in the game. The manners which these are presented have varied drastically: the first installment, "Meet the Heavy", depicted an interview with the gun-obsessed Russian, while "Meet the Soldier" showed the Soldier giving a misinformed lecture on Sun Tzu to a collection of severed heads as if to raw recruits. The videos are generally released through Valve's services, though in one notable exception, the "Meet the Spy" video was leaked on YouTube during the "Sniper vs. Spy" update week.

The "Meet the Team" videos are based on the audition scripts used for the voice actors for each of the classes; the "Meet the Heavy" script is nearly word-for-word a copy of the Heavy's script. More recent videos, such as "Meet the Sniper", contain more original material. The videos have been used by Valve to help improve the technology for the game, specifically improving the facial animations, as well as a source of new gameplay elements, such as the Heavy's "Sandvich" or the Sniper's "Jarate". The final video in the Meet the Team series, "Meet the Pyro", was released on June 27, 2012. Newell has stated that Valve is using the "Meet the Team" shorts as a means of exploring the possibilities of making feature film movies themselves. He believes that only game developers themselves have the ability to bring the interesting parts of a game to a film, and suggested that this would be the only manner through which a "Half-Life"-based movie would be made. A fifteen-minute short, "Expiration Date", was released on June 17, 2014. The shorts were made using Source Filmmaker, which was officially released and has been in open beta as of July 11, 2012.

In more recent major updates to the game, Valve has presented teaser images and online comic books that expand the fictional history of the "Team Fortress 2", as part of the expansion of the "cross-media property", according to Newell. In August 2009, Valve brought aboard American comic writer Michael Avon Oeming to teach Valve "about what it means to have a character and do character development in a comic format, how you do storytelling". "Loose Canon", a comic associated with the Engineer Update, establishes the history of RED versus BLU as a result of the last will and testament of Zepheniah Mann in 1890, forcing his two bickering sons Blutarch and Redmond to vie for control of Zepheniah's lands between them; both have engineered ways of maintaining their mortality to the present, waiting to outlast the other while employing separate forces to try to wrest control of the land. This and other comics also establish other background characters such as Saxton Hale, the CEO of Mann Co., the company that provides the weapons for the two sides and was bequeathed to one of Hale's ancestors by Zepheniah, and the Administrator, the game's announcer, that watches over, encourages the RED/BLU conflict, and keeps each side from winning. The collected comics were published by Dark Horse Comics in "Valve Presents: The Sacrifice and Other Steam-Powered Stories", a volume along with other comics created by Valve for "Portal 2" and "Left 4 Dead", and released in November 2011. Cumulative details in updates both in-game and on Valve's sites from 2010 through 2012 were part of a larger alternate reality game preceding the reveal of the Mann vs. Machine mode, which was revealed as a co-op mode on August 15, 2012.

Valve had provided other promotions to draw players into the game. Valve has held weekends of free play for "Team Fortress 2" before the game was made free-to-play. Through various updates, hats and accessories can be worn by any of the classes, giving players an ability to customize the look of their character, and extremely rare hats named "Unusuals" have particle effects attached to it are and are only obtainable through opening "crates" or trading with other players. New weapons were added in updates to allow the player to choose a loadout and play style that best suits them.

Hats and weapons can be gained as a random drop, through the crafting/trading systems, or via cross-promotion: Limited-edition hats and weapons have been awarded for pre-ordering or gaining Achievements in other content from Steam, both from Valve (such as "Left 4 Dead 2" and "Alien Swarm") or other third-party games such as "", "Worms Reloaded", "Killing Floor", or "Poker Night at the Inventory" (which features the Heavy class as a character). According to Robin Walker, Valve introduced these additional hats as an indirect means for players to show status within the game or their affiliation with another game series simply by visual appearance.

The Red Pyro, Heavy, and Spy all function as a single playable character in the PC release of "Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed".

The game's first television ad premiered during the first episode of the fifth season of "The Venture Bros." in June 2013, featuring in-game accessories that were created with the help of Adult Swim.

"Team Fortress 2" received widespread critical acclaim, with overall scores of 92/100 "universal acclaim" on Metacritic. Many reviewers praised the cartoon-styled graphics, and the resulting light-hearted gameplay, and the use of distinct personalities and appearances for the classes impressed a number of critics, with "PC Gamer UK" stating that "until now multiplayer games just haven't had it." Similarly, the game modes were received well, "GamePro" described the settings as focusing "on just simple fun", while several reviewers praised Valve for the map "Hydro" and its attempts to create a game mode with variety in each map. Additional praise was bestowed on the game's level design, game balance and teamwork promotion. "Team Fortress 2" has received several awards individually for its multiplayer gameplay and its graphical style, as well as having received a number of "game of the year" awards as part of "The Orange Box".

Although "Team Fortress 2" was well received, its removal of class-specific grenades, a feature of previous "Team Fortress" incarnations, was controversial amongst reviewers. IGN expressed some disappointment over this, while conversely, "PC Gamer UK" approved, stating "grenades have been removed entirely—thank God". Some further criticism came over a variety of issues, such as the lack of extra content such as bots (although Valve has since added bots in an update), problems of players finding their way around maps due to the lack of a minimap, and some criticism of the Medic class being too passive and repetitive in his nature. The Medic class has since been re-tooled by Valve, giving it new unlockable weapons and abilities.

With the "Gold Rush Update" in April 2008, Valve had started to add fundamentals of character customization through cosmetics and unlockable weapons for each class. Further updates expanded the number of weapons and cosmetics available, but also introduced monetization options, and eventually allowing it to go free-to-play. To this end, "Team Fortress 2" is considered one of the first games to offer games as a service which would become more prevalent in the 2010s.



</doc>
<doc id="1849186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1849186" title="Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade">
Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade

Heroes of Might and Magic III: Armageddon's Blade is the first of two expansion packs for the turn-based strategy game "Heroes of Might and Magic III". It was developed by New World Computing for Microsoft Windows and released by the 3DO Company in 1999.

The most significant change in "Armageddon's Blade" is the addition of the Conflux, bringing the total number of alignments in "Heroes of Might and Magic III" to nine. The town is themed around classical elements, and includes other creatures to round out the selection. Six new campaigns were included, one acting as a continuation of the base game's storyline, with the other five revolving around adventures taking place in the same fictional world. Over 35 single scenarios were also added.

Returning as non-aligned units, several creature types from previous "Heroes" games make an appearance. These include Peasants, Boars, and Halflings. The expansion also introduced some new non-aligned creature types, such as the powerful Azure Dragon. Eleven new campaign heroes and two new artifacts – Armageddon's Blade and the Vial of Dragonblood – were introduced as well. Several new map objects, including special quest towers that only allow passage if the hero meets certain criteria defined by the author of the map, also appear here for the first time.

A random map generator included with the expansion allows players to create random maps using a variety of customizable parameters. Finally, a standalone campaign editor packaged with the game allows for the composition of new campaigns from individual scenario maps.

Only one of the six new campaigns available in "Armageddon's Blade" directly concerns the main storyline. The events of "Armageddon's Blade" immediately follow the events of "". As the kingdom of Erathia struggles to rebuild following the Restoration Wars, the Kreegans of Eeofol launch a surprise invasion. Already war-weary, the forces of Queen Catherine are no match for the formidable Kreegan army.

Following the death of the Kreegans' king, Xenofex, a usurper named Lucifer Kreegan takes control of Eeofol and, driven by a vision, begins to seek a means to fashion an ancient weapon known as Armageddon's Blade, capable of setting the world on fire. His general Xeron is tasked with locating the components for the Blade. To stop him, the armies of Erathia and AvLee launch an attack on Eeofol, receiving assistance from the very elements as they manifest in Conflux towns. Queen Catherine and the recently liberated King Roland are assisted by the mysterious elven warrior Gelu in the ensuing war. Xeron obtains the Blade, but is defeated by Gelu on his return to Eeofol. Gelu claims the Blade, and, at the behest of Queen Catherine, uses it to slay Lucifer Kreegan. Following this event, the Ironfists return to Enroth and the Blade is passed on to Gelu. The story is continued in "Heroes Chronicles: The Sword of Frost", eventually leading to a cataclysm that sets the stage for "Heroes of Might and Magic IV".

In the "Armageddon's Blade" campaign, the player takes command of Queen Catherine Ironfist, the main character of "Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia", as well as King Roland Ironfist, the protagonist of "Heroes of Might and Magic II". New characters introduced include Gelu, a half-elven archer, and Xeron, leader of the Kreegan armies. The five standalone campaigns feature a multitude of previously-unseen characters. "Dragon Slayer" features the Bracadan wizard, Dracon, while "Festival of Life" introduces the barbarian Kilgor who has a prominent role at the outset of "Heroes of Might and Magic IV". "Dragon's Blood" stars Mutare, a dungeon overlord who returns in "Heroes Chronicles: Clash of the Dragons" along with Adrienne, the protagonist of "Playing with Fire". Finally, the unlockable "Foolhardy Waywardness" campaign features the Knight, Sir Christian, who also returns in "Heroes of Might and Magic IV". As an aside, the epilogue of the "Foolhardy Waywardness" campaign explains the reason for Sir Christian's appearance as the player's starting hero in "The Restoration of Erathia"'s first campaign, "Long Live the Queen".

Work on the "Armageddon's Blade" expansion began in early 1999. The developers originally intended to focus the storyline around a new, futuristic faction, the "Forge" alignment, allowing the game to act as a continuation to the "evil" ending of "Might and Magic VII" while showcasing the science fantasy aspect of the core "Might and Magic" series, which had never been evident in the "Heroes of Might and Magic" games. Although the Forge faction was almost completed and functional, some fans reacted negatively to its inclusion, believing that the inclusion of science-fiction destroyed the "Heroes" series' fantasy-based atmosphere.

Midway through the expansion's development, New World Computing decided to scrap the Forge faction and removed all references to its existence from the game's storyline, instead building upon "Might and Magic VII"'s "good" ending. To replace the Forge, they invented an elemental-based faction Conflux. Due to the scrapping of the Forge halfway through the project, the developers and design artists suffered from a lack of time when completing the Conflux faction, and were forced to implement elemental creatures from the base game. This is evident if one takes a good look at the dwellings of the original four elementals within the Conflux town: they all use the same graphics as on the world map.

"Armageddon's Blade" was hailed with strongly positive reviews upon release, from critics and users alike. IGN's Rich Rouse noted improvements made to the map editor and praised the amount of new content, while GameSpot's Andrew Seyoon Park focused on the addition of the Conflux alignment and subtle tweaks to the gameplay. Game Revolution's reviewer was mildly disappointed with the Conflux town and its use of neutral creatures already included in the base game, but praised the campaign storyline and gameplay along with the addition of new features. Some reviews were critical of the lack of drastic changes to the base game, while pointing out that the core mechanics were in no need of major improvements.

"Armageddon's Blade" won "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s 1999 "Add-on of the Year" award. The editors wrote, ""Armageddon's Blade" serves as a template for add-ons. It takes one of the better games of the year and makes it even better."


</doc>
<doc id="1855744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1855744" title="Star Wars: Rebellion (video game)">
Star Wars: Rebellion (video game)

Star Wars Rebellion (known as Supremacy in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a real-time strategy game released in 1998 by LucasArts and set in the fictional "Star Wars" expanded universe.

Although a RTS in the wider sense of the term, it belongs more to the genre of 4X games resembling "Master of Orion". There are elements of turn-based games as well, as the events of each 'day' of game time are processed at the end of that day. The player commands the manufacturing of facilities, troops and starships, resources, fleet deployment, and mission assignments of units and characters (60 in all: 6 major, 54 minor, 30 per side) around the (up to) 200 available systems.

The player assumes the role of a military administrator and takes control over either the Galactic Empire or Rebel Alliance. The game interface consists of a map of the Star Wars galaxy and an advisor droid (C-3PO for the Rebellion and IMP-22 for the Imperials). The map consists of sectors of 10 systems each (the number of sectors is customisable to be either 10, 15 or 20), all known from the Star Wars universe. Some of them belong to 'unknown' regions and need to be explored while known systems can be either under control of one of the two main factions or neutral at the start of the game.

The player has to undertake colonization, diplomacy, creation of buildings and units, supervising of mines, refineries, and stockpiled resources, building and commanding fleets in a tactical mode, conversion of systems to one's own side through various means, recruitment of characters, and dispatching characters or units to systems or fleets, and finally the assigning of missions to characters and special forces.

Major characters are always available at the beginning of the game, while most minor ones must be recruited. Only major characters can embark on recruitment missions. The major characters for the Alliance are Mon Mothma, Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, and Leia Organa. The Empire's major characters are Darth Vader and the Emperor.

Minor characters will sometimes randomly be generated Force-sensitive and can be trained by certain Jedi characters (Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader) to augment their abilities (Luke must be a Jedi Knight). Characters can also enhance their abilities by conducting missions. Characters with higher Force ratings are better at diplomacy, espionage and combat, and can therefore conduct missions with a higher chance of success.

Some characters can be given military ranks by the player to put them in specific roles.

There are several kinds of buildable units. Each kind can be constructed by one of three construction facilities.

As research progresses, new units and facilities become available for construction. Research can be sped up significantly by ordering characters with the corresponding ability to conduct design missions. Characters can have the ability to research facilities, starships or troop designs.

Every element of the game has its own encyclopedia-like 'card' with a short description and abilities sheet. This amounts to a total of several hundred encyclopedia cards.

The standard objective set of each game is to take the HQ of the enemy (Coruscant or the mobile Rebel base) and capture the two leaders of the opposing side: The Alliance must capture Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine while the Empire must capture Luke Skywalker and Mon Mothma. Before starting a new game, the player may select the alternative objective set which only requires the destruction or capture of the opponent's HQ.

Most of the game is played in the Galaxy view, where the player can manage different systems. When two enemy fleets meet, the player can switch to the tactical interface, which allows control over the fleet in a real-time space battle.

The game starts right after the Battle of Yavin and the destruction of the Death Star. The Galactic Empire is ready to strike back against the Rebel base of Yavin IV, while the Rebel Alliance is readying to move to another system.

Apart from the given time of the beginning, the game stops being story driven, and the scenario expands freely. Although events of the later movies might occur (like the capture of Han Solo by bounty hunters and the construction of a second Death Star), or are even scripted to happen, (like the Jedi training of Luke Skywalker), the player can change or avert some events of the canonical timeline, including such things as not migrating to Hoth after Yavin, having Luke become a Jedi Master before he even meets Vader or the Emperor, creating more than one Death Star or even lead the Empire into victory.

For gameplay purposes, many elements of the game are randomized at the beginning. For this reason, troop, fleet, and resource locations, as well as the allegiance of most planets, do not reflect canon information.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "LucasArts should start looking more closely at what it slaps the "Star Wars" brand on, as consumers will eventually be less likely to forget or forgive."

According to PC Data, "Star Wars: Rebellion" was the United States' 18th-best-selling computer game during the January–November 1998 period.

MacWorld saw LucasArts' 2006 game "" as a successor to "Rebellion".



</doc>
<doc id="1857155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1857155" title="Destroyer Command">
Destroyer Command

Destroyer Command is a naval simulation released by Ubi Soft in 2002 and developed by the now-defunct Ultimation Inc.

The game placed the player in command of a Destroyer during World War II, featuring campaigns from both the Pacific War and the Battle of the Atlantic. Customized missions may be played and players can select the opponent's forces and their own. Players can also have the chance to choose the difficulty rating in different games by adjusting the different realism ratings .

The game features two campaigns that include the entire Pacific and Atlantic warfare with 20 missions each. There are 20 predefined historical missions, for example, the 'Battle of Savo Island', additionally to some training missions, and automatically generated, customized missions. Classes of Destroyers that can be commanded by the player are , , , , , , , , , , , , , and the es.

Weaponry that can be controlled by the player are the dual purpose 5"/38 caliber gun, the 4-inch/50 SP gun, the light guns Bofors 40 mm gun and Oerlikon 20 mm cannon, 200 to 600 lb depth charges, and 21-inch torpedoes.

The game was developed by the Ultimation Inc. and released by Ubisoft in 2002. Due to problems with the game a patch (ver 4.10) was released in March 2002 by the developer for download.

After release, instability with the multiplayer feature was found to be commonplace, yet Ubisoft never resolved this issue by releasing another official patch. While in 2002 Ubisoft had ended the official support, they authorized and enabled the game's community at Subsim.com to fix the game themselves by giving them the source code. The fan community raised over $7000 for an unofficial patch development project called "Projekt Messerwetzer" which ultimately fixed the issues.

Before the release of the patch, the game received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.




</doc>
<doc id="1858192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1858192" title="Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising">
Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising

Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising is a military simulation video game for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 developed by British game developer Codemasters. Codemasters has advertised the game as a tactical shooter designed to represent modern infantry combat realistically. It is a stand-alone sequel to Bohemia Interactive's "", but was developed entirely by Codemasters due to a falling-out between the two companies.

"Dragon Rising" takes place on the fictional island of Skira, in May 2011. After the 2008 Global Economic Crisis causes mass unemployment and political destabilization in China, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) seize control of Skira and the vast, newly discovered reservoir of oil there, from the Russian Federation. Peace talks prove useless as both combatants lay claim to Skira due to previous ownership of it. The situation deteriorates quickly and China begins to fortify its northern provinces in anticipation of armed conflict with Russia. Russia, already countering the PLA on the Chinese mainland, calls to the United States to retake Skira from the Chinese. Bound by treaty arrangements made after the end of the Cold War, America agrees and the two biggest armies in the world begin to clash on the island. As the game progresses, the player must fight off enemy forces along with his fireteam and allied soldiers, for example, this could be assaulting a village held by the PLA, suppressing a team pinning down your fellow soldiers, or rescuing downed crews of crashed helicopters from behind enemy lines.

The real-world island of Kiska (on which the in-game island of Skira is directly based) is located on the western end of the Aleutian Islands, Alaska and was involved in WWII. It was at one point liberated by US and Canadian forces after capture by Japanese forces. The developers have aimed to copy the accurately to give players a sandbox composed of natural terrain, instead of artificially designed or procedurally generated terrain.

Skira is a volcanic island with a variety of terrain. At one end is a stratovolcano, in diameter at its base and high, and at the base of the volcano is a section of low lake lands. A ridge of 1,000+ foot mountains runs down one side of the western portion of the island while the other side is generally flatter with numerous lakes and small waterways.

Skira is sparsely populated with some towns and more isolated houses and settlements. An interview with developers suggested that the civilians have all been evacuated ahead of the arrival of US forces.

"Dragon Rising" also features a multiplayer mode. In storyline co-op mode, up to four human players can play through the single player campaign together, each human player replacing a computer-controlled character. The player versus player multiplayer includes four maps to choose from on the disk. There are also the pure multiplayer modes Annihilation and Infiltration, with more multiplayer modes promised for after the release of the main game. The game does not feature dedicated servers, and the official servers are still online though sources claim otherwise.

According to "Game Informer," there are over 70 weapons in game, all supported by a realistic ballistics system, although most are not readily accessible to the player. The weapons available range from pistols and submachine guns to artillery and large bombs. Depending on the current mission, they are equipped with optics, grenade launchers, laser sights or suppressors. The ballistics system, which simulates the effects of each weapon on buildings, vehicles, and people, is based as much as possible on the real specifications of each weapon (information on Chinese PLA weapons and vehicles is limited in some cases) and also takes into account flight times and effective ranges for each projectile. The balance of the weapons was not arbitrarily created by the game developers, but was based on information provided by real life weapons designers. Learning the best usage of each of these weapons was intended to be a significant part of the challenge of the game.

A list of weapons was published by GameSpot. Reloading a weapon, placing it to the shoulder, and other combat animations have been motion captured using soldiers who have been trained to use the equipment in real life.

There are 50 different land, air, and sea vehicles, including helicopters, tanks, boats and APCs along with a few vehicles and weapons which cannot be used directly, but which can be called on in a support role, such as fighter jets and artillery. Most of the vehicles are not accessible to the player outside of the PC mission editor.

The developers have created large numbers of faces for the characters involved in the game. The equipment that is carried by each character is accurate and, where applicable, distinct to that character's role. For example, communication specialists can be readily identified by the radio they carry. Everything the player's squad members are carrying is visible. All of this visible information is designed to allow better command of the squad mates as the player will be able to recognize them as a person by their face or by their equipment allowing them to give the best orders to each member of the squad.

The player can play as two different characters: 2nd Lieutenant Mulholland and Sergeant Hunter.

2nd Lieutenant Mulholland is the leader of a fireteam in Sabre 2 unit. He usually carries a FN SCAR-L. He has three men in his team: Corporal Knox, the SAW gunner, Corporal Morales, the medic and Corporal Winters, the engineer.

Sergeant Hunter is the leader of Dagger 1 Bravo fireteam. He mostly carries a M16A4 or M4A1. He has three men under his control: Lance Corporal Briggs, the engineer/anti-tank specialist, Private First Class Avery, the medic and Private First Class Jedburgh, the SAW gunner.

Difficulty levels are differentiated by the visual information given to the player. At the easiest level, standard FPS information is given to the player about weapons, ammunition, squad health, and compass direction via a HUD. Additionally the location of enemies who have been spotted by the player's squad is indicated at the lowest level. Higher levels of difficulty remove this information until none is left on screen. Ammunition must be remembered as well as the health of the squad. Locations of enemies must be determined by listening to AI squad mates and using other visual cues like the direction they are firing. At high difficulties visual effects become more important, particularly at long range where smoke or dust can help to identify areas which are dangerous. At any difficulty level the player may be killed by a single shot. The highest difficulty removes the game's checkpoint system entirely, meaning death results in starting the level again.

In addition to its standard campaign and modes, "Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising" has seven bonus missions that can be unlocked by using codes. Currently, codes to unlock two missions (Encampment, Debris Field) can be obtained through the "Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising" Recruit website. The remaining five unlock codes were received by pre-order customers.

"Dragon Rising" uses a version of Codemasters' EGO Engine, shared with a number of Codemasters' racing games. The engine has been designed to support "Dragon Rising's" wide, open spaces and draw distances.

The game features both night vision and thermal imaging effects, real-time weather, lighting and shadow effects, 5.1 and 7.1 surround sound support. Other effects include realistic ballistics and limb disattachment. Weapon attachments, a medic system, and swimming are also featured.

The PC version of the game has a mission editor, which allows players to create their own missions for single player, multiplayer and cooperative game modes. The editor is real time, meaning no pre-render of the work is needed, users press a key and can drop into the mission 'live' to test out or play. The editor supports many features including time of day, visual effects, dynamic weather and Lua scripting.

The main release of "Dragon Rising" was followed by two downloadable content expansion packs, both containing multiplayer game modes. "Skirmish" was released on November 5, 2009 for the PC, with Xbox 360 and PS3 versions following at later dates.

On February 16, 2010, Codemasters Community Manager 'Helios' announced that development of "Operation Flashpoint: Dragon Rising" content had ceased.

The game received "generally favorable" reviews, according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

Bit-tech described it as "a schizophrenic design built over a bland world" and described the environment as "an imagination wasteland".

GameSpot said "This tactical military shooter delivers tense and engaging action, competently completing its objective in the face of AI blunders and occasional bugs." However, GameSpot did note the generally intelligent AI enemies and allies alike, saying that the squadmates are "more of an asset than a liability", and that the enemies make you "feel threatened," and are like "battle-hardened, intelligent soldiers."

IGN described the game as unique, fun, and challenging, but unpolished. Despite "consistent issues due to weak AI," they said the AI was decent, and "not awful." Praise was also given to the details and graphics of the PC version.

However, some reviewers found that the game "lacked polish," and that despite many finding that they "wanted to like it," it simply did not live up to expectations. IGN stated that the game should not have been released on consoles as it feels and plays like a PC-only experience.

The sequel, "" was released for the Xbox 360, PS3 and PC.



</doc>
<doc id="1859402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1859402" title="Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones">
Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones

Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Ubisoft Montreal. It was released in December, 2005 in North America for the Xbox, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, and the Nintendo GameCube. It was ported to the PlayStation Portable and Wii, under the title Prince of Persia: Rival Swords with the Wii version utilizing the motion-sensing functionality of its controller, while the PSP version added exclusive content. A remastered, high-definition version of "The Two Thrones" was released on the PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 3 on December 21, 2010.

"The Two Thrones" marked the third and final chapter for "The Sands of Time" saga, until the release of prequel "The Forgotten Sands".

The game combines exploration and combat. Both elements make use of the Prince's acrobatic capability and agility. Throughout much of the game, the player must attempt to traverse the palace by running across walls, ascending or descending chasms by jumping back and forth between walls, avoiding traps, climbing structures and jumping from platform to platform, making other types of well-timed leaps, solving puzzles and using discovered objects to progress.

During combat, many of the same moves vital to the player in other situations can be put to use to overpower enemies. An example is the ability of the Prince to jump off walls in order to strike enemies decisively. The player generally attacks enemies and blocks using a dagger, although other objects or factors, such as the Dagger of Time and its time-control abilities eventually prove to be critical to victory.

In "The Two Thrones", the Prince's acrobatic skills have improved and is now able to launch himself off walls at 45 degree angles at strategically placed vertical shutters, slide down chutes and balance on swinging poles, among other things. The designers have also improved the stealth system. Instead of merely being able to do more damage when striking without being seen, the game uses a speed-kill system. If the player does not complete the speed kill, the enemy knocks him off and the speed kill fails. The number of moves or the length of time required depends on how strong the opponents are. The same system is also used in some of the boss battles.

The Prince also develops a split personality, known as the Dark Prince, and this alter ego constantly bickers with him in his mind about right and wrong. At times, the Prince physically transforms into the Dark Prince. These transformations are scripted and not controlled by the player. During these times, however, the Prince retains control of his body, and the player still has control over the character. For the most part, the Prince's dark side is simply an inner voice.

When controlling the Dark Prince, the player loses the ability to wield a secondary weapon, instead using the "Daggertail", a bladed whip fused to his arm. This allows medium range combat moves and new interactions with the environment. The Dark Prince also constantly loses health as a result of the semi-transformation, with eventual death from the loss. He goes back to full health whenever he collects Sand, from either a monster or object. Also, his Daggertail gives him a different button combination for speed kills, in which he strangles his victims. Coming into contact with water allows the Prince to return to normal

The game is set after the events of "", in which the Prince kills the Dahaka, saves Kaileena and prevents the Sands of Time from being created. Unlike the previous games, the story is narrated by Kaileena. The Prince's actions alter the timeline of events that took place before that point. In the original timeline, the Vizier and Maharajah traveled to the Island of Time and found an hourglass filled with the Sands of Time. In the modified timeline, they find the hourglass empty. Since the Vizier never released the Sands of Time and fought the Prince, he is still alive at the beginning of this game. Farah, who helped the Prince during the events for "Sands of Time", has never met the Prince.

As The Prince and Kaileena return to the city of Babylon, they find it being ravaged by war. Their ship is attacked and destroyed, and he and Kaileena wash ashore. The Prince awakens and watches as enemy soldiers take Kaileena away. The Prince fights his way into the palace and confronts the Vizier, who kills Kaileena with the Dagger of Time, unleashing the Sands again. The Vizier then impales himself with it and makes himself immortal. The Prince is also affected, having a whip-like weapon known as a Daggertail embedded in his skin when the Sands infect the wound. However, in the confusion following the release of the Sands, the Vizier throws the Dagger aside and the Prince manages to steal it before the Sands infected him completely.

The Prince falls into the sewers and gets carried to the outskirts of Babylon. As he travels through the city once again to kill the Vizier, he finds that the infection caused by the Sands of Time is affecting his mind, giving rise to an alter ego called the Dark Prince (voiced by Rick Miller), manifested by a voice within. The Dark Prince is cold, cruel, arrogant and sarcastic; he attempts to convince the Prince that he should strive to serve only himself, using his vengeance as a catalyst for his other emotions. On many occasions, the Dark Prince seizes control of the Prince's body and the Prince is fully transformed into a hybrid sand monster with abilities that allow the Prince to pass otherwise insurmountable obstacles.

Later, the Prince encounters Farah (voiced by Helen King), who is surprised that the Prince knows her name. Despite this, the pair begin to grow an entirely new romance together. The Prince eventually starts to ignore the Dark Prince, and begins to fight against the suffering of his people, which the Dark Prince had always spoken against.

In the palace gardens, the Vizier captures Farah and casts the Prince into an ancient well, where the long silent Dark Prince emerges once again and tries to take permanent control. The Prince desperately tries to resist the power, driving slowly deeper into the well looking for an escape, but he slowly weakens. At the bottom of the well, the Prince stumbles upon the dead body of his father Sharaman. He mourns for him, accepting the consequences of what he has done and wields his father's sword to resist the Dark Prince's power.

At the top of the Tower of Babel, the Prince confronts and kills The Vizier with the Dagger of Time. The Sands are released from the Vizier and his soldiers who die slowly. Seeing this the people of Babylon rejoice. The Sands take the shape of Kaileena who cleanses the Prince's infection and destroys the Dagger of Time. She tells that this world wasn't meant for her but there will be other worlds for her where she will find her place. She tells the Prince that he's free and his journey is at an end and disappears. As the Prince finds Sharaman's crown, the Dark Prince takes it and tells him that whatever the Prince owns will be rightfully be his and lures the Prince into his mind, where the two struggle until the Prince abandons his shadow. The game ends with Farah asking how the Prince knows her name and the Prince beginning to tell 

By the end of December 2005, sales of "The Two Thrones" had surpassed 1.5 million copies. The game received a "Gold" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

The game and "Rival Swords" have received positive to mixed reviews. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 86.45% and 85 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 86.35% and 85 out of 100 for the Xbox version; 85.25% and 84 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 82.81% and 85 out of 100 for the PC version; 82.40% for the mobile version; 71.22% and 70 out of 100 for the Wii version; and 70.44% and 74 out of 100 for the PSP version.

IGN gave the PC version 9 out of 10, saying, "Two Thrones is great. The story is cool, the heroes are likable, the weak are pitiable, the villains are bastards, the major plot points are exciting, the art is grand, the sound is wonderful...and then the gameplay comes." GameSpy gave it four stars on all platforms except the PSP and Wii versions, saying of the PC version, "All of [the] settings, without exception, are stunning. As might be expected, the sharper, more detailed graphics for the PC version of the game are the clear winner when compared with the consoles, especially at higher resolutions." GameSpot gave the PC version 8.4 out of 10.

Non video-game publications gave the game some positive reviews. "The A.V. Club" gave the game an A− and stated: "The nice thing about sequels to successful games is that all the rough edges are buffed out, and "The Two Thrones" honors its graceful hero with impeccable controls and design." "Maxim" gave it a score of eight out of ten and said that the game "gets points for cribbing Sam Fisher's stealth skills and using a whip-like weapon that will send "God of War" fans scurrying to gaming chat rooms to voice their displeasure with the similarities. Thankfully, the controversy is worth it for this energetic adventure." "The Times" gave it a favorable review and said, "The graphics are superb, especially on the Xbox, and if you can cope with the frustration of replaying tricky scenes again and again, this could be the game for you." "The Sydney Morning Herald" also gave it four stars out of five and stated that "One of the best new features is the Speed Kill, a stealth attack that requires timed button presses for successful take-downs - a brilliant addition to the already exhilarating game play." "Detroit Free Press" gave the PS2 version three stars out of four and said, "The fighting in "The Two Thrones" is superb. The prince has a nice array of combination moves that accompany his acrobatic skills. But the signature part of combat is the speed kill, which allows you some nifty and gruesome stealth kills." However, Charles Herold of "The New York Times" gave it an average review and stated that "I felt all the considerable pleasure the game had given me had been taken back."


</doc>
<doc id="1861170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1861170" title="Heroes of Might and Magic II">
Heroes of Might and Magic II

Heroes of Might and Magic II: The Succession Wars is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Jon Van Caneghem through New World Computing and published in 1996 by the 3DO Company. The game is the second installment of the "Heroes of Might and Magic" series and is typically credited as the breakout game for the series. "Heroes II" was voted the sixth-best PC game of all time by "PC Gamer" in May 1997.

An expansion pack, "The Price of Loyalty", was released in 1997. Later, 3DO bundled "Heroes II" and its expansion pack in one box, released as "Heroes of Might and Magic II Gold" in 1998.

For the most part, Heroes of Might and Magic II is largely a graphical overhaul to the first game. Gameplay in both games is along the 4X genre of strategy games, in that the player builds their kingdom from the ground up, securing resources, stronger armies, better generals, and then uses those assets to find and defeat opponents through capturing their castles and defeating their armies. Aside from the updated look, "Heroes II" added many new features that would become staples in the Heroes of Might and Magic franchise. "Heroes II" added the Necromancer and Wizard factions, joining the original four factions (Knight, Barbarian, Sorceress, and Warlock) from the first game. These two new factions also come with an army of creatures and a themed town that ties the faction together, and the six are divided down the middle to have 3 "good" and 3 "evil" factions.

Each hero still retains the 'primary skill' system from "Heroes I" but now can also learn secondary skills, giving each hero the ability to become more distinctive as they gain experience. Each hero can possess up to eight different secondary skills and once gained, a skill can be developed from Basic to Advanced and Expert levels. For example, the "Wisdom" skill allows a hero to learn spells of level 3 and higher, while the "Logistics" skill increases the hero's movement ability over land. In "Heroes I", heroes had a single, fixed, special ability according to their class. The magic system was overhauled in "Heroes II". "Heroes I" had used a memorization system in which each spell could be cast a certain number of times before being exhausted, where the player had to return to a guild to relearn the spell. "Heroes II" uses a magic point system that allows the player to apportion spell use as needed, while the varying point cost of different spells maintains balance. Another major feature introduced in "Heroes II" is the ability to upgrade certain army units, granting them improved statistics and, in some cases, important abilities.

Lastly, "Heroes II" added more scenarios to the game and a proper campaign, where the player chooses the good or evil side and plays a series of scenarios using the three factions of that side. Victories in certain scenarios give the player lasting bonuses that carry over to future scenarios, and the player can choose a starting bonus before each scenario starts, based on what strategy they take.

The canonical ending of "Heroes I" results in Lord Morglin Ironfist's victory. In the following years, he has successfully unified the continent of Enroth and secured his rule as king. Upon the king's death, his two sons, Archibald and Roland, vie for the crown. Archibald orchestrates a series of events that lead to Roland's exile. Archibald is then declared the new king, while Roland organizes a resistance. Each alignment is represented by one of the game's two campaigns. Archibald's campaign features the three "evil" town alignments, while Roland's campaign features the three "good" town alignments.

If Archibald is victorious, Roland's rebellion is crushed, and Roland himself is imprisoned in Castle Ironfist, leaving Archibald the uncontested ruler of Enroth. The canonical ending, however, results in Roland's victory, with Archibald being turned to stone by Roland's court wizard, Tanir. This event is referenced later in "", when Archibald is freed of the spell. He goes on to be a significant NPC in "".

Much of the core programming of "Heroes II" was carried over from the original "Heroes", thus the game actually took less time to develop than the original "Heroes".

The soundtrack produced primarily by Paul Romero.

"The Price of Loyalty" is the expansion pack for "Heroes II", released on May 16, 1997. The expansion adds four new campaigns, new artifacts, new scenario maps, new in-map buildings and an improved map editor. The expansion also added a new structure for the necromancer faction - the shrine that enhances the heroes' ability to raise the dead (Necromancy Skills). Each new campaign had a totally different story that doesn't have any connection to the original game or the other campaigns.

In December 1996, "PC Gamer" reported that "Heroes of Might and Magic II" was "doing particularly well in retail, with every 3DO retailer reordering the product." Combined sales of the "Heroes of Might and Magic" series, including "Heroes II", surpassed 500,000 copies by October 1997. This number rose to 1.5 million copies by December 1999.

"Next Generation" reviewed the Macintosh version of the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "as role-playing games are few on the Mac, "HM&MII", with its mix of character and "Warcraft"-like game elements is a welcome addition."

"Computer Gaming World" called "Heroes I" a "strategy game that amaze[d] everyone with its surprising, addictive qualities and amazing ease of use" and found that "Heroes II" was "much better than the original "Heroes of Might and Magic"." Apart from two gameplay issues - the lack of a wait function, and not being able to control your hero if all of your units are disabled, the reviewer found the game "nearly perfect." 

The editors of "PC Gamer US" named "Heroes of Might and Magic II" 1996's "Best Turn-Based Strategy Game", and called it "clearly a cut above" the rest of its genre that year. The game was nominated for "Computer Gaming World"s 1996 "Strategy Game of the Year" and "Computer Game Entertainment"s "Best Strategy Game" prizes, as well as "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s award for the top turn-based strategy title of 1996, but lost in all of these categories to "Civilization II". It was also a finalist for the Computer Game Developers Conference's 1996 "Best Strategy/War Game" Spotlight Award, which ultimately went to "". The editors of "Computer Gaming World" wrote, "The simplicity of "King's Bounty"-style tactical combat is the perfect counterpoint to the surprising depth of the strategic game, and unlike "Heroes I", the campaign is much more satisfying."

"Heroes of Might and Magic II" was named the 25th-best computer game ever by "PC Gamer UK" in 1997. In 1998, "PC Gamer US" declared it the seventh-best computer game ever released, and the editors called it "the most dangerously addictive turn-based strategy game in the history of PC gaming (with the possible exception of "Civilization II")."


</doc>
<doc id="1863248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1863248" title="Tony Hawk's American Wasteland">
Tony Hawk's American Wasteland

Tony Hawk's American Wasteland is a skateboarding video game that was released for GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox on October 18, 2005 in North America and October 28, 2005 in Europe, the Xbox 360 on November 22, 2005 in North America and December 2, 2005 in Europe as a launch title and a Microsoft Windows port was issued by Aspyr on February 6, 2006 in North America and April 7, 2006 in Europe. It's the seventh entry of the "Tony Hawk" video game series, developed by Neversoft and published by Activision.

"American Wasteland" is the first "Tony Hawk's" game to support Xbox Live; online play was previously limited to the PlayStation 2 and PC. The Nintendo DS/Game Boy Advance version of this game, "American Sk8land", features Wi-Fi capabilities. It was the first third-party DS game to have online support.

In the additional Collector's Edition, two exclusive characters and two exclusive levels have been added, this also includes a "Making of Tony Hawk's American Wasteland" documentary.

"American Wasteland" is the first game in the "Tony Hawk's" franchise that advertised and allowed the possibility for players to play in one vast level via story mode, which actually seamlessly connects a number of levels without loading times in between, along with also being the first game in the series that allows to freely commandeer stray bicycles and perform freestyle BMX techniques similar to skateboarding. A new maneuver, the Bert Slide, was added to skateboarding controls. In the September 2005 edition of "Game Informer", a map was shown displaying "American Wasteland"s Los Angeles with an insert of an overhead view of the Boston stage from "Underground 2" for comparison. The Boston level appeared to be about three quarters the size of one "American Wasteland" area, with the exception of the "Vans Skatepark" and "Casino" areas.

The game begins with the skater (one of five chosen pre-designed male skaters) boarding a bus to Los Angeles, hoping to get away from the sub-par life in his hometown. Upon arrival in Hollywood, skateboarding punks steal the player's bag after he gets off of the bus. A local skateboarding enthusiast named Mindy helps the player up and offers to help him change his look to fit in better. After a change in wardrobe, the player is quick to reclaim his bag, but Mindy insists that if he is to fit in, he needs to improve his skating skills, and has some local friends, Ian and Duane, teach him some tricks. Eventually, the player confronts one of the punks and challenges them to a skating contest for his bag, which the player wins. Still, the punk tries to run off, but the player beats them with his board and reclaims his bag. The player meets back up with Mindy, who reveals she is an artist working on creating her own skating zine, named "American Wasteland", that she hopes to publish someday. The player then sees a sketch of an awesome local skate park called the "Skate Ranch", and begs Mindy to take him there. Mindy explains that it's a "local's only" spot, but agrees to show the player anyway, and after clearing up a protest blocking their way, the two head to the ranch's entrance in Beverly Hills.

There, the player meets Mindy's skater friends: Boone, Useless Dave, and Murphy, who deny the player entrance due to being an outsider, but decide that if they can impress them, they'll allow the player entry. With help learning more skills from local skaters, the player proves his skills to the group and is let in. He meets the leader of the group, Iggy VanZandt, a rough type who isn't fond of outsiders. Iggy is also initially hostile to the player, but allows them to crash at the ranch after he gathers wood to help finish his half-pipe. While Iggy skates the half-pipe, the player notes Iggy's skating skills, with the group revealing that Iggy was a professional skater back in the day, but couldn't handle the publicity and dropped out of the public eye. After Iggy compliments the player's work on the half-pipe, Mindy comes up with an idea to fix the ranch up and make it into a full-on skatepark, which the rest of the group is enthusiastic about. With the help of Murphy's contacts, the group embark on obtaining skate-able pieces from all over L.A.

From here on in, the overall task is to obtain pieces for the skate ranch, unlocking new areas in L.A. along the way. Eventually, the player participates in the Tony Hawk AmJam, an amateur skating contest taking place in the Vans Skatepark downtown. He wins the AmJam and is interviewed by Tony Hawk, who asks where he learned a unique trick he used during the contest. The player explains he learned it from Iggy VanZandt, prompting confusion from Tony who claims that, "he's been M.I.A. for years". When the player returns to the ranch, however, Iggy is being arrested. Iggy reveals he was living in secrecy to avoid the police for a number of minor offenses until the player publicly revealed at the contest he is still alive. Wanting to make amends for getting Iggy in jail, Mindy suggests the player seek out Iggy's old friends, the Z-Boys, for help. After making his way to Santa Monica, the player meets skating legend Tony Alva, who agrees to help them out if he can prove his old-school skating skills. After impressing Alva, the player learns of Iggy's history with the Z-Boys, and Alva shows the player an old photo of "Green Pipes Point," a legendary snake run that got filled in many years ago. However, the player recognizes Green Pipes Point as being Iggy's ranch. When the player decides to have it dug up, Alva suggests meeting with his friend Mega, an oil rig worker, who is quick to assist in digging up the snake run. 

While Mega works on digging up GPP, the player learns from Mindy that Boone has been kidnapped by his old street gang and needs rescuing from East L.A., but the gang in question, the Black Widowz, controls passage through the only tunnel leading to the area, prompting the player to join the gang to be allowed entry. After passing the initiation tests, the player successfully joins the Widowz and makes his way to East L.A., eventually rescuing Boone and grabbing new pieces for the ranch once there. When Mega finishes digging up Green Pipes Point, the player gets a phone call from Iggy in jail. When the player explains the restoration of GPP, Iggy is furious; he explains that he doesn't own the land, nor does he have enough money to buy it himself, and that once publicity of GPP hits, the real owner will sell it. Sure enough, the real owner locks up the ranch and makes plans to sell it. Iggy returns to the now locked up skate ranch enraged, the player apologizing to no avail. Their tempers flare and Iggy punches out the player for the trouble they've caused, who then snaps at Mindy, claiming her desire to improve the ranch caused all of this to happen. Mindy storms off, but when the player tries to apologize as she leaves, Murphy, Dave, and Boone take him away to discuss something important.

The group informs the player that Tony Hawk is currently in the area, believing that if they can convince him and other local pros to be in a "Save Green Pipes Point" video, they can sell the video online, and use the proceeds to save the ranch from the auction block. The player then rounds up several pros throughout L.A., including pro BMX rider Mat Hoffman for the video. Iggy later catches up with the group and reconciles with the player about their argument, also assuring him that Mindy will eventually forgive them for their argument as well. The group then learns of a vacant casino in East L.A., and decide to trash it as the finale for the video. They eventually succeed, as Murphy informs the group that the video has made enough money to buy the ranch back through online pre-orders alone. Leaving the casino, the group are met by the police. The player manages to evade them, skating all the way through the city back to the ranch with the casino footage unscathed. The player arrives to the completed American Wasteland, which Iggy now owns thanks to the success of the video. To celebrate, he throws a party at the ranch, with everyone in town invited. At the party, the player apologizes to a returning Mindy, who accepts their apology and shows off the first edition of her newly published magazine, "American Wasteland", with the player on the cover. Iggy then reveals to Mindy that the player helped publish it using the funds for the video; she is flattered and the two kiss.

The "American Wasteland" soundtrack features a lineup of punk-based bands, each covering a song from a classic punk rock or hardcore punk group, the album features all 14 previously-unreleased covers that were recorded for the game. The soundtrack reached number 148 on The Billboard Top 200, number 4 on Billboard Top Soundtracks, and number 10 on Billboard Top Independent Albums. The cover art is a homage to the cover of the 1979 album "London Calling" by The Clash which, in turn, is a homage to the cover of Elvis Presley's first album. The back cover art is a homage to the back cover art of self-titled album of The Clash. IGN gave the soundtrack a 4.1/10, stating that the soundtrack is aimed towards emo-lovers instead of punk.

The game received generally positive reviews, with the general consensus being that the advertisement of Los Angeles being "one big level" as opposed to the previous games' series of levels was false, since the "one level" was a series of levels accessible from one another via bland corridors that simply masked the necessary loading times. Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot took note of how "shockingly easy" the game was compared to previous entries in the series, and how "most of the game feels like a tutorial", adding that "the game really seems bent on holding your hand every step of the way." although others have viewed this in a light that showcased the game's hefty amount of possibilities, tricks, and techniques that the player character can perform in comparison to previous games. Many critics also noted the general lack of evolution in the series, although many saw this as a good thing since the original gameplay was so popular to begin with and didn't need unnecessary tampering.

Many critics praised the game on its story. Chris Roper of IGN praised Neversoft's decision to "go back to its roots and make a game about skating" as opposed to "the chaos and destruction of the Underground games." Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot stated "the saving grace of the story mode is that the story it tells is actually pretty good. It follows the standard 'ragtag group of misfits' struggles to save the place they call home from evil real estate moguls' plot that drove such classic films as ""." Adding that "along the way, the characters become a little endearing".


</doc>
<doc id="1865843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1865843" title="Simon the Sorcerer II: The Lion, the Wizard and the Wardrobe">
Simon the Sorcerer II: The Lion, the Wizard and the Wardrobe

Simon the Sorcerer II: The Lion, the Wizard and the Wardrobe is an adventure game created by Adventure Soft released in 1995. It is the second in the "Simon the Sorcerer" series of games.

The Evil wizard Sordid is brought back to life when a magic-book of his is set ablaze and thrown into the middle of a chalkboard pentagram by the father of Runt, a young boy wanting to become a mighty sorcerer. Sordid promises him that he can become his apprentice if he helps him exact his vengeance on Simon.

Several months later, Sordid's Fortress of Doom is reconstructed and Sordid has a new robotic body. He sends a magical wardrobe to fetch Simon but it accidentally ends up on the doorstep of Calypso, the wizard Simon had to save in the last game. Simon then starts to look for a fuel called "mucusade" which he needs to power the wardrobe in order to get home.

Drafts for the plot had been in the works since August 1993, shortly before the first game was released. Simon Woodroffe wrote the entire story, going over the details for quite some time. The screens were sketched, lined and then colored in.

The PC sequel was released in a large black box and, like the original, the copy-protected floppy disk version required the manual to be able to play the game. Unlike the disk version, the CD-ROM was not copy-protected, its colour manual fit in the front of the jewel case and also included the full "talkie" soundtrack. For this second installment in the series, Brian Bowles became the voice of Simon, making him sound much older, presumably in his late-teens.

The Amiga version was originally scheduled for release alongside the PC version in 1995, but was cancelled, possibly because of the decline of the Amiga market. The rights for the Amiga release were eventually secured by Epic Interactive Entertainment (now RuneSoft) in 1999, who released it on CD in July 2000 in a DVD-style case.

The game was released on GOG.com in 2008 and a port for iOS was released in 2009 and discontinued mid-2015, due to lack of iOS 8 and up support.

The 25th Anniversary Edition was developed by MojoTouch and released on Google Play and Amazon Appstore. in 2013 (then called "20th Anniversary Edition") and on the App Store (iOS), Steam and GOG.com in 2018. This edition includes new hotspot-based controls, new high-definition menus with a save/load system and different settings, improved graphics upscaling (xBRZ filter), full voice acting with subtitles, multi-language support and some bonus material.

The game has sold over 600,000 copies worldwide.

In 2011, Adventure Gamers named "Simon the Sorcerer II" the 88th-best adventure game ever released.



</doc>
<doc id="1866458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1866458" title="Dark Sector">
Dark Sector

Dark Sector, also stylized as darkSector, is a third-person shooter video game developed by Digital Extremes for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows.

The game is set in the fictional Eastern Bloc country of Lasria, and centers on protagonist Hayden Tenno (voiced by Michael Rosenbaum), a morally ambivalent CIA "clean-up man". While trying to intercept rogue agent named Robert Mezner, Hayden's right arm is infected with the fictional Technocyte virus, which gives him the ability to grow a three-pronged "Glaive" at will.

"Dark Sector" received mixed to positive reviews for its visual design, originality of action and weapon-based gameplay. Many critics have compared the game to "Resident Evil 4" and "Gears of War", for their similar style of play and story.

In "Dark Sector", gameplay revolves around the use of the Glaive, a tri-blade throwing weapon similar to a boomerang which returns to Hayden after each throw. The Glaive can be used for long-distance combat, solving environmental puzzles, and picking up in-game items. When in close proximity to an enemy, context-sensitive actions may appear, allowing the player to execute enemies with "finishers". Enemies also hold onto Hayden while attacking, and the player must rapidly press a randomly prompted button to break free.

Environmental puzzles in the game usually focus upon capturing various elements (fire, electricity, or ice) with the Glaive. For example, a web blocking Hayden's path can be bypassed by capturing fire with the Glaive, and then launching it at the web to burn it down. The Glaive can also be dual-wielded with a gun, which allows the player to perform weapon combos which are more effective against shielded enemies. As the game progresses, Hayden and the Glaive are given several new abilities; it can be guided through the air, being able to kill multiple enemies (called the "afterTouch"); a charged-up throw for deadlier attacks ("powerThrow"); and the ability to make Hayden invisible for a short time ("shift") and also provide a temporary shield ("shieldPower").

The camera is positioned over the shoulder for third-person shooting, and the player can also take cover by standing next to an object such as a pillar or wall. While in cover, Hayden can move temporarily out of cover to fire and throw the Glaive; however there is no blind firing from behind cover. There is a sprint function, which works similar to "Gears of War"s Roadie Run, and simple melee attacks that allow Hayden to punch or slice nearby enemies. The game has no HUD (except for the ammo counter); Hayden's health is shown by the screen flashing red when he takes damage, as well as an indicator showing the attacker's position. If Hayden takes too much damage, the flash speed will increase, and a heartbeat will be heard, indicating Hayden is "bleeding out".

Money (rubles), ammo, weapon upgrades, and grenades can only be found in set locations, so they are impossible to "farm". Downed enemies drop their guns, though after his infection, Hayden can only carry these weapons for a few seconds before they self-destruct. Permanent weapons can be purchased and upgraded in black markets, one small weapon for his off-hand use with the Glaive (replacing the pistol) and one large weapon such as a shotgun or rifle.

"Dark Sector" has an online multiplayer mode, where there are only two modes of gameplay:
In both modes, Hayden will have superior powers compared to the soldiers. Hayden will be able to become invisible, use the Glaive, etc., whereas the soldiers cannot.

"Dark Sector" is set in Lasria, a fictional satellite country bordering the Soviet Union. In the prologue, set near the end of the Cold War, the Lasrians discover an American submarine off the coast. After opening it, a mysterious infection called "the Technocyte" breaks loose. In the game's present, the Lasrian military fights against the Technocyte victims, who have largely undergone extreme mutations and have gained frightening abilities.

"Dark Sector" permanently casts the player as Hayden Tenno (voiced by Michael Rosenbaum). An ambivalent CIA agent, he has congenital analgesia, which renders him unable to feel pain. He is supported by Yargo Mensik (voiced by Jürgen Prochnow), a scientist and sleeper agent who knows the origin of the Technocyte virus. The main antagonist, Robert Mezner (voiced by Dwight Schultz), is an ex-CIA agent who seeks to build a utopia by spreading the Technocyte virus across the planet. Supporting Mezner is Nadia (voiced by Julianne Buescher), a mysterious woman whom Hayden knows; and "Nemesis", a metallic, humanoid figure who fights with a long Technocyte blade. Other characters include "the A.D.", Hayden's superior in the CIA; and the Blackmarket Dealer, an arms dealer who supplies Hayden with weapons and equipment for his missions.

"Dark Sector" begins with Hayden Tenno infiltrating a gulag compound in Lasria. Hayden makes short work of enemy resistance to find Robert Mezner, the man responsible for ravaging Lasria with the Technocyte virus. Hayden proceeds with planting C4 charges throughout the building, before encountering a humanoid metal figure called Nemesis. Hayden is knocked unconscious after firing a rocket at Nemesis. Waking up hours later, Hayden finds himself face-to-face with Mezner. As Hayden attempts to reach for his gun, Nemesis appears and stabs his right shoulder, transferring the Technocyte virus into Hayden. Hayden detonates the C4 charges set earlier and manages to escape.

His right arm now mutated by Technocyte, Hayden arrives at a radio station to contact the A.D., his superior, for further instructions. The A.D. tells Hayden to meet up with their sleeper agent, Yargo Mensik, to obtain boosters for the infection. Shortly after, Hayden is ambushed by soldiers, just as his infected arm produces the "Glaive", which he uses to eliminate the hostiles. Hayden moves along the coast, slowly gaining new abilities with the Glaive as the infection progresses; while encountering both haz-mat soldiers and infected civilians. He also hears Mezner taunting him telepathically, saying that ""this change is inevitable.""

Eventually, Hayden finds Yargo, who gives Hayden his updated orders and a booster for the infection. Hayden refuses the medicine, and learns that Mezner wants to recapture the infected with an old transmitter, which emits a signal that attracts Technocyte-infected creatures to its location, within an old church. Hayden also learns that Nadia, a woman Hayden is acquainted with, is also working for Mezner. Hayden moves on towards the church to destroy the transmitter, eliminating both Lasrian soldiers and infected along the way. Eventually, he makes it into the church catacombs and finds the transmitter. Nadia, who has a deep-rooted hatred for Hayden after his last meeting with her, confronts him. She leaves him to fight his way through a swarm of infected and escape before the C4 he set goes off.

After making contact with the A.D. again, Hayden learns that Mezner is using a freighter to export the Technocyte virus from Lasria. After getting on the boat and fighting through the crew, he makes it to the cargo hold, accidentally releasing a highly evolved Technocyte monster, which sinks the ship. After Hayden escapes, he learns that Mezner's men have found and captured Yargo. Hayden rushes back to Yargo's post, where he finds a security feed of Nadia torturing Yargo, demanding that he let her into "the Vault", saying that whatever is in there can control the Technocyte virus. Disobeying the A.D.'s orders to stand down and await his arrival, Hayden sets out to rescue Yargo.

Fighting through a train station, Hayden finds Yargo, who has lost an eye during interrogation. After a brief moment of Technocyte-induced pain, Hayden attempts to use the booster, but Yargo starts to warn him about it, just before Nemesis appears. While Yargo escapes, Hayden attempts to take Nemesis head-on, but Mezner arrives and offers Hayden a chance to kill him; however, Mezner has grown powerful enough to mentally control Technocyte creatures, and begins to overpower Hayden. With no other choice, Hayden injects himself with the booster, breaking Mezner's control over him while simultaneously preventing further mutations. Before Hayden passes out, Mezner tells him that he had the same "booster", which was really meant to prepare the two for the Technocyte virus.

Hayden wakes up later in the Vozro Research Facility, where the Technocyte virus was researched during the Cold War. Yargo, who brought him there, tells him that he laced Hayden's booster with "enferon", a chemical lethal to Technocyte creatures. He claims that he was worried that Hayden would "turn out like Mezner", as they both had the same strain of the virus; however, Hayden has retained his humanity, while Mezner did not.

Yargo also tells Hayden that he can get a suit similar to Nemesis' in the facility's subbasement, which can give him a fighting chance against Nemesis. Hayden sends Yargo through the ventilation system, then makes his way down towards the labs where the suit is kept. After killing hordes of Technocyte creatures and bypassing automated security systems, Hayden discovers the suit; but before he puts it on, Nadia arrives outside the door. Hayden pleads with her to leave before things get worse than they already are. She says she's already in too deep, and that she will take Yargo to open the Vault, before leaving.

Hayden dons the suit and slaughters his way through infected and non-infected alike, finally finding and killing Nemesis, learning that it was actually Nadia all along. She apologizes for infecting Hayden and tells him Mezner is planning to transmit the Technocyte virus across Earth. Nadia then tells him that she knows he'll "do the right thing this time", gives him the key to the Vault, then dies.

Hayden works his way to the entrance of the Vault to rendezvous with the A.D., who says he has made a deal with Mezner and gives Hayden a booster "for the road". Outraged from being used and betrayed, Hayden stabs him in the neck with the booster, telling him that he now feels "better than ever", and kills all of the A.D.'s men before heading for the Vault. Finding Yargo, Hayden gives him the key, telling him to seal the Vault and dispose of the key. Inside the Vault, a stunned Hayden discovers the first known source of the Technocyte virus: an American submarine that surfaced off the coast of Lasria (seen in the prologue of the game). Hayden discovers Mezner with the Technocyte transmitter, a Hydra-like monstrosity. After fighting and defeating Mezner, the monster and several infected, Yargo arrives to tell Hayden that the transmission is still going out. Hayden tries to fry the circuitry with his Glaive; but Mezner, not yet dead, stuns his right arm, telling him: "You are one of us now." With his right hand imobilized, Hayden catches the now-electrified Glaive with his left hand, and impales Mezner's skull with it. With the transmission finally halted, the game ends with Hayden leaving the Vault, catching the Glaive as he steps outside. Yargo, who apparently survives, narrates: "That was how it started, the irony of this disease. That in all the others, it made evil; but for "him" [Hayden], it had saved his soul."

The development of "Dark Sector" was announced on February 11, 2000, on Digital Extremes' website. The game was originally proposed as a follow up to Digital Extremes and Epic Games' critically acclaimed multiplayer first-person shooter, "Unreal Tournament". However, the original plan was scrapped and the game was not spoken of for another four years, during which the game underwent a massive change in focus. The original design had the game keeping in line with its predecessor as a multiplayer arena-style first-person shooter. An in-game cinematic unveiled years later in 2004, gave viewers a brief look at potential storylines and environments, as well as the graphics of the game. Digital Extremes specifically stated that the clips were not pre-rendered and were actual in-game footage. The game was shown as the first example of what a seventh-generation game would look like.

The game was originally intended to take place in a science-fiction environment, in outer space, with players taking the role of a character that inhabits a sleek mechanical suit with incredible powers. The game was officially revealed by Digital Extremes' in late 2005, around the time of the original release of the Xbox 360. In 2006, major overhauls to the game were revealed, showing the main character, and a noticeably less sci-fi setting, although Hayden starts to resemble the originally planned main character as the infection takes over his body. The developers cited a shift in focus by other gaming companies and publishers as the reason for the change to a more modern setting and reducing its sci-fi elements; adding they wanted to achieve the realism that fans would enjoy. Another reason was that the tech demo was originally built before the team knew the maximum specifications of the Xbox 360. An interview with GameSpot revealed that the change in setting was intended to make the main character stand out more, as well as making the story more relatable, which they say has been written as a superhero origin story. He added: "At the beginning of the game when we do the prologue he's just kind of this anti-hero kind of guy. And very simply, concretely in the game, there are certain types of barriers that he has to open with contextual stuff. And then when he changes, then he begins tearing those things off and becomes much more brutal. So what we're trying to do is convey that evolution on the inside, but also convey it on the outside so that those game elements that are around him are evolving as he does."

"Dark Sector" was based on the Sector Engine, later changed to the Evolution Engine, both Digital Extremes' proprietary next-gen game engines. Official statements about this being just a name change or a major shift in their technology were not released to the public yet. "Dark Sector's" project lead, Steve Sinclair, stated that the engine was written from scratch. The producer of "Dark Sector", Dave Kudirka said when they first built the engine, they did not want it to look like the Unreal Engine 3, and they wanted their own perspective engine. When asked about the games' engine being made on the Wii or PC, he replied "plausible". The game went gold on March 7, 2008.

The Windows version of "Dark Sector" was initially planned to be released on the same date as on consoles, but later it was dropped and there was no news on its release. On January 19, 2009, some sites reported that a YouTube video showed "Dark Sector" running on a PC. Later it was confirmed that the game was indeed ported to Windows and was on sale, though only in Russia and the language was Russian by default. Hackers found ways to run the game in English. An English/French version was added to Steam on March 24, 2009. The PC version's multiplayer mode is only available via Local Area Network play, as the game is a straight port of the console version with no extra code for internet connectivity.

A comic titled Dark Sector Zero was released with "Dark Sector". Set before the game's main events, it delves into the events that led to Lasria's demise.

"Dark Sector" received mixed to positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the Xbox 360 version 73.24% and 72/100, the PlayStation 3 version 73.14% and 72/100 and the PC version 65.22% and 66/100. "Hyper"'s Dirk Watch commended the game for "the Glaive and its aftertouch," but he criticised it for its "patchy AI and steep difficulty curve." Greg Howson of The Guardian thought the game was similar to other "Gears of War clones" except for the Glaive mechanic which was entertaining, however "the thrill soon palls, leaving you with a solid yet hardly essential action game."

In February, before the release in March 2008, the game was banned by the Office of Film and Literature Classification (OFLC) for sale in Australia. Adam Zweck, the sales and product manager for AFA Interactive, the local distributors of "Dark Sector", told GameSpot AU that the game was banned due to its violence, in particular the finishing moves. "Obviously we're disappointed in it [the decision]. We feel there is justification for an appeal. However, we're exploring several avenues at the moment to see what we can do to get the game on Australian shelves." It was later re-released in Australia for the PlayStation 3 on October 9, 2008, but the violence was censored. On July 22, 2009, "Dark Sector" was released on the cover disc of "PC Powerplay", an Australian PC gaming magazine, although this was the heavily censored version of the game. GamesRadar included it in their list of the 100 most overlooked games of its generation. Editor Jason Fanelli felt that it sold less than it deserved.

When asked about a sequel in 2008, Steven Sinclair of Digital Extremes stated that there was "nothing definitive" planned, but commented that he would "love to do one", and that "Dark Sector" only scratched the surface of the character and weapon's potential. Digital Extremes eventually developed a free-to-play game, titled "Warframe", which borrows heavily from the original "Dark Sector" concept video and game.

The original concept for "Dark Sector" was more similar to what "Warframe" is now, but was put in a modern setting with a linear, single-player mode due to the industry landscape at the time. As such, Warframe is considered a spiritual successor, and has a handful of nods to Dark Sector.'



</doc>
<doc id="1868140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1868140" title="Unreal Tournament 3">
Unreal Tournament 3

Unreal Tournament 3 ("UT3") is a first-person shooter and online multiplayer video game developed by Epic Games and published by Midway Games in the "Unreal" series. It was released for Microsoft Windows on November 19, 2007, for the PlayStation 3 on December 11, 2007, and for the Xbox 360 on July 3, 2008. "Unreal Tournament 3" is the fourth game in the "Unreal Tournament" series and the eighth "Unreal" game.

Similar to its predecessors, the game is primarily an online multiplayer title offering several game modes. There are eight modes, including Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, as well as modes like Duel, Warfare, Betrayal and Greed. In vehicle maps, the player is equipped with a hover board, which allows players to quickly traverse large maps and grapple onto other teammates' vehicles. Unlike its predecessors, "Unreal Tournament 3" single-player campaign does not follow a plot based around the Tournament Grand Championship, and it centers on a Necris attack that occurs on a colony on an unknown planet, releasing armed Kralls, a warlike race of aliens, on the humans.

Originally announced as "Unreal Tournament 2007" in 2005, and set to be released in 2006, the game was delayed to 2007. It was renamed as "Unreal Tournament 3" as the team considered it the third generation of "Unreal" game since it utilizes Unreal Engine 3. OS X and Linux ports were planned but they were eventually cancelled. The game received positive reviews from critics, and sold more than 1 million copies worldwide.

Similar to the prior entries of the series, the game is primarily an online multiplayer title offering several game modes, including large-scale Warfare, Capture the Flag, and Deathmatch. It also includes an extensive offline multiplayer game with an in-depth story, beginning with a simple tournament ladder and including team members with unique personalities. The following game modes are included:

Modes not returning from the prior "Unreal Tournament" games include Invasion, Mutant (having been later on partially replaced by the Titan mutator in the "UT3 Titan Pack"), Onslaught (replaced by Warfare), Bombing Run, Last Man Standing, Domination, and Double Domination. Assault was removed from the game during production.

In this installment of "Unreal Tournament", the vehicles are split into two factions, the Axon vehicles and Necris vehicles. The Axon vehicles are the same vehicles from "Unreal Tournament 2004", but several have significant game play changes. In addition, on vehicle maps every player is equipped with a personal hover board, a skateboard-like device that allows players to quickly traverse large maps and grapple onto other teammates' vehicles. The hover board is very vulnerable to attack, and any hit will knock the player off the board and disable him or her for several seconds, leaving the player exposed and vulnerable. The player cannot use any weapons while on the board.

Unlike the prior "Unreal Tournament" games, the single-player campaign does not follow a plot based around the Tournament Grand Championship, and therefore several of the teams within "Unreal Tournament 3" are not Tournament competitors. The five playable factions are: Iron Guard, a team of human mercenaries led by former Tournament champion Malcolm; the Ronin, a band of four survivors of a Skaarj attack on a human colony; Liandri, a series of advanced humanoid robots custom-built or retrofitted for combat; the Krall, a warlike race of aliens formerly under the leadership of the Skaarj, returning from their initial appearance in the original "Unreal"; and the Necris, warriors who have undergone the process of the same name, making them stronger at the expense of replacing their biological processes with "Nanoblack", effectively turning them into undead soldiers (hence the name, Necris). In the Campaign, players control members of the Ronin, and the Necris serve as the chief antagonists.

In the game's story a Necris attack occurs on a colony on unknown planet, releasing armed Krall on the humans. The colony is defenseless, but a group of Ronins arrives on the scene, defending the survivors. Reaper, the group's leader, advises his second-in-command warrior Othello and his sister Jester to destroy the orbital Necris blockade with a fighter, and orders team's sniper expert, Bishop, to provide cover as he swarms to save the colony. Suddenly, he is caught in the explosion of an incoming rocket missile and passes out, but not before seeing an unknown Necris woman shooting a soldier next to him. Reaper is rescued by Othello and Jester and wakes up in the base of the Izanagi, a guerrilla force that fights against Necris and Axon, and he meets with the leader, revealed to be Malcolm, who also leads the Iron Guard as the Izanagi's army. He explains that the Necris attack was masterminded by Liandri, who also turn some of the Krall, into Necris, controlled undead soldiers. The unknown woman who Reaper saw turns out to be Akasha, the Necris operative who destroyed the colony and also leads the Necris forces. Reaper wants to kill her, but Malcolm tells him that he needs to prove himself first.

The game was announced on May 9, 2005 as "Unreal Tournament 2007" for a 2006 release. In August 2006, the game was delayed until the first half of 2007. In January 2007, the game was renamed to "Unreal Tournament 3". The original "Unreal Tournament" uses the first Unreal Engine, while "UT2003" and "UT2004" use Unreal Engine 2. Since "2004" incorporates all of the content from "2003", they are regarded as part of the same generation. "UT3" is the third generation, as it runs on Unreal Engine 3 and does not reuse any content.

A limited collector's edition of the game features an exclusive collector's edition tin and a hardcover art book. A bonus DVD is also included, featuring more than twenty hours of Unreal Engine 3 tool kit video tutorials, the history of the "Unreal Tournament" series, and behind-the-scenes footage of the making of "Unreal Tournament 3". The "Limited Collector's Edition" was sold in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, South Africa, Australia and most other territories.

The PlayStation 3 version supports community-made mods that can be uploaded and downloaded to the PS3's HDD or external media, as well as mouse and keyboard inputs. The 1.1 patch was released on March 21, 2008. It adds the ability for players using the North American and European versions to play together, fixes problems with some USB headsets, and displays the lowest pinging servers at the top of the server list. Some updates are only applied on the North American version, since the PAL version released in March 2008 was already partially updated. The 2.0 patch was released on March 5, 2009, and adds better PC mod support, split screen, smarter AI, forty-eight attainable Trophies, server-side improvements, an improved map vote, local multiplayer, and a new user interface. Online and LAN multiplayer for this version was terminated on July 2014, following the shutdown of all GameSpy servers.

Upon release, the Xbox 360 version had five exclusive maps, two exclusive characters, a two-player split screen mode, and all the downloadable content released by Epic already on the disc. With the release of the PS3 and PC "Titan Upgrade" patch on March 5, these versions offered the formerly exclusive Xbox 360 content, as well as other content. The Xbox 360 version does not support user-generated mods, as additional content has to be verified by Microsoft before being released. It is the only version to support controllers only.

The Linux and Mac OS X versions of the game were planned to be released as downloadable installers that work with the retail disc. Ryan C. Gordon has uploaded screenshots of the game, dating from September 2008, running on both platforms. On May 22, 2009, Ryan stated that the UT3 port for Linux was still in process. On December 16, 2010, Steve Polge announced that the Linux port would never be released, making it the first "Unreal Tournament" game not to be released on Linux.

"Unreal Tournament 3: The Soundtrack" is primarily based on the original "Unreal Tournament" score, which was composed by Straylight Productions and Michiel van den Bos. Jesper Kyd and Rom Di Prisco remixed many of UT99's tracks and composed several other original tracks, which were released on November 20, 2007 by Sumthing Else. Sandhya Sanjana was featured as a guest vocalist. Kevin Riepl did also contribute in music production for the game, scoring the cutscenes as well as a few in-game music tracks.

On March 5, 2009, a free update titled "Titan Pack" was released for the PC; the PS3 version of the pack was released on March 19, 2009. The pack includes five maps and two characters that were formerly exclusive to the Xbox 360 version, along with eleven brand-new maps, two new game modes ("Greed" and "Betrayal"), and the "Titan Mutator". The Titan Mutator causes a player to grow in size as they do better, while carrying alternative weapons and power-ups. The expansion also includes a new power-up, a new vehicle, two new deployables, and the addition of stinger turrets. A new patch was also released in conjunction with the "Titan Pack", which allowed for various AI improvements (especially in vehicle modes), networking performance upgrades and added support for Steam Achievements (PC) and Trophies (PS3). It also adds a two-player split screen mode (formerly exclusive to the 360 version) and mod browsing for the PS3 version.

The "Black Edition" is a complete "Unreal Tournament 3" package—included is the complete "UT3" (with patch 2.0) as well as the "Titan Pack". The "Titan Pack" gives players a substantial amount of enhanced features and new content, including many original environments, new gametypes, the namesake Titan mutator, powerful deployables and weapons, new characters, and the Stealthbender vehicle.

"Unreal Tournament 3" received positive reviews from critics. "Xbox Magazine" rated it 8.5 out of 10. "" gave it 5 stars out of 5 in its February 2008 issue and stated, ""UT3" looks great, but it's every bit the stunner under the surface." In March 2008, Midway announced that "UT3" had sold over a million copies worldwide.


</doc>
<doc id="1868723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1868723" title="Hard Truck">
Hard Truck

Hard Truck is a series of trucking simulators and racing video games published in the United States by ValuSoft. The series currently has three released installments so far.

The original Hard Truck was developed by Russian developer SoftLab-NSK published by Buka Entertainment, and released on April 20, 1998. It emphasized truck racing, although it had a mode where the player could deliver cargo. The maps were simple, usually with 2 or 3 routes to reach the destination, and had no traffic model.


Similar to the original, but more of an emphasis on delivery of goods. Police are added to the maps. The police give chase for only a limited time period, after which they simply give up and dispatch a machine gun helicopter to attempt to slow the player down. Once they've demolished the player's truck, they write the player out a simple ticket.


In this installment, developed by SCS Software, the racing option is removed completely and, instead, the game focuses on delivery of goods. A traffic model is added and the game also features a simple business management simulation, where drivers can be hired and routes set up to make a profit.

"Hard Truck Apocalypse" shares the same name, but is in actuality a standalone game.

A completely different take on the hard truck games, developed by the Russian developer Targem Games, released on June 26, 2006, this game takes place in an apocalyptic, "Mad Max"-like future. A disaster occurred and everyone on Earth has to wear special masks to survive. Trade runs between villages to make money can still be done but the main method for making money is to loot destroyed enemies of cargo and weapons.

The game takes place in an apocalyptic version of Europe, with different zones depicting countries like Germany, France, England, and many more. Five vehicles, from a simple van to the gigantic BelAZ, are available to drive. The guns vary from roof-mounted machine guns, shotguns, and mortars to laser and energy weapons.

The game was soon followed by "Hard Truck Apocalypse: Rise of Clans", The official standalone expansion to "Hard Truck Apocalypse", also developed by Targem Games. It has not been released in western stores yet, but can be purchased and downloaded online at GamersGate. It takes place in an apocalyptic version of North America. In the game the player is a vagrant, a strong loner who is searching for the mythical city of Edmonton in "le canada".

The game reuses a lot of material from "Hard Truck Apocalypse" but most of the vehicles, weapons, and enemies are the same. There are four new zones and a whole new storyline.

In the United States, the "Hard Truck" series sold 790,000 copies between January 2000 and August 2006.



</doc>
<doc id="1870604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1870604" title="King's Quest V">
King's Quest V

King's Quest V: Absence Makes the Heart Go Yonder! (also known simply as King's Quest V) is a 1990 graphic adventure game by Sierra On-Line. Originally released in November 1990, it featured a significant improvement in graphics (achieved through the introduction of VGA into the series). It was also the first "King's Quest" installment to replace the typing user interface with a point-and-click user interface. The title is a spoof on the proverb "Absence makes the heart grow fonder."

"King's Quest V" sold over half million copies and won several awards. It was later released as a fully voiced "talkie" CD-ROM, done by members of the Sierra staff. By summer a Sega CD port of the game was announced, but was never released.

In the introduction to the game, a view of Castle Daventry is shown, when suddenly, a mysterious cloaked figure appears. He enchants the castle, causing a whirlwind to appear, which soon engulfs the castle and lifts it out of sight. Because he is out walking when this happens, King Graham is the only member of the royal family to be left behind. He returns to the castle to find that it has disappeared, and is soon confronted by a talking owl named Cedric.

Cedric witnessed the cloaked figure's attack, and tells Graham that it was a powerful, evil wizard named Mordack who stole the castle. Cedric then brings Graham to the land of Serenia, where his master Crispin resides. Crispin is also a wizard, but a good one, who gives Graham some advice, his old wand, and a piece of white snake which allows Graham to speak with animals. Graham then starts on his journey.

Later, Graham learns that Mordack is the brother of the wizard Manannan, whom Graham's son, Prince Alexander, turned into a cat in "King's Quest III". Mordack has imprisoned the castle and royal family of Daventry out of revenge, and threatens to feed the royal family to Manannan unless Prince Alexander agrees to restore him to his true form as the spell's nature means that only Prince Alexander as the caster can reverse it. King Graham travels through the land of Serenia, gathering helpful items and information, and eventually makes his way to Mordack's island, and to his castle lair, to save his family from their impending doom.

The owl Cedric accompanies the protagonist King Graham through the entire game to provide commentary and advice. He has to be rescued from danger at several points. The only useful thing the owl does is inadvertently saving Graham's life from a spell near the end of the game.

At the end of the game, with the help of another of Mordack's prisoners, Princess Cassima, Graham is able to confront Mordack in a magical duel, using spells he learns from Mordack's own spell book against him. After Mordack transforms himself into a ring of fire, Graham slays the evil wizard by conjuring a rain storm to put the fire out. The good wizard Crispin arrives soon after and transforms the castle and royal family back to normal. At Graham's request, Crispin teleports Cassima back to her home in the Land of the Green Isles and sends the royal family back to Daventry.

Though still largely standalone, "King's Quest V" is one of the few where the elements of the plot itself are directly connected to events or individuals in both previous and future games. The location the game is set in, Serenia, was first visited in the earlier game "Wizard and the Princess". During the game, King Graham discovers the skeleton of a man in the Serenia desert which is identified as the body of the Wanderer, the protagonist from "Wizard and the Princess" in the King's Quest Companion. The transformation of Manannan into a cat is a necessary task to completing "King's Quest III". And this act has profound consequences for Alexander (and his family), as it is the impetus for the "KQV" storyline.

The game's ending ties into its sequel, "King's Quest VI". Cassima was introduced as a slave to the wizard Mordack. Before she is sent home at the end, Alexander mentions wanting to visit her in the Land of the Green Isles, which happens at the beginning of "KQVI". And Cassima mentions her Vizier, who first introduced Mordack to her. In "KQVI", we find out that Mordack and the Vizier (who is the primary antagonist of "KQVI") are both part of an organization known as the Society of the Black Cloak (technically only the Vizier is confirmed to be a member, but members of the organization know of Mordack). Even the music for Cassima in Mordack's castle is enhanced and used for the love theme for Alexander and Cassima. At the end of that game, the Vizier is defeated by Alexander and Cassima and the two marry.

"King's Quest V" was the last in the series to feature EGA and Tandy graphics at 320×200: a separate EGA release contained 16-color 320×200 versions of the graphics, whereas the VGA release featured 320×200 256-color VGA graphics (and, unlike later SCI games, did not support rendering these into 16 colors at 640×200 resolution on EGA cards).

The diskette version (EGA and VGA) requires Graham to cast spells throughout the game, requiring the user to refer to the manual as a form of copy protection. This was omitted in the CD-ROM version. The disk version has a slightly different game interface, similar to the version later used in the NES version, the main difference being that there is an additional walk option. Several of the animated characters including the rat, the ant, and the bee, have large closeup pictures of their upper torsos, that are fully animated, including arms and, for the insects, antennae. The ant, for example, even raises up the golden needle. These closeups and animations were modified or mostly cut from the CD-ROM version (which only shows closeups on the characters' faces).

The CD-ROM version is mastered in the High Sierra Format, unrelated to the publisher's name. This version added voice acting. There are also many script differences between the floppy and CD-ROM versions. Many of the narrative descriptions were modified, and lines were added to characters that did not have speaking roles. For example, the snake and some of the villagers are given a few quotes, whereas they did not speak at all, and ignored Graham in the floppy version. Many of the characters have close up pictures (taken from the floppy) that were given various colored backgrounds behind them, and a frame around them (though the frame cuts off some details). The snake is even given a close up picture for its new speaking parts and a few of the characters are given more lines.

In order to make the Nintendo Entertainment System adaptation more family-friendly and release it to stores everywhere, Nintendo of America had to follow its Video Game Content Guidelines requiring it to tone down violence, nudity, language, and religious themes in the games it released and it was published by Konami, rather than Sierra On-Line. One example is Graham's water-drinking scene in the desert: where the narrator's words say, "Ah, life-giving water. Nectar of the Gods. Graham can now feel strength and renewal flowing through him" in the PC version, in the NES adaptation it says, "Ah! The cool water felt wonderful on Graham's parched lips and his body now feels rejuvenated." This was edited due to religious themes. Another example has Queen Icebella ordering the wolves to take Graham and Cedric to the dungeons for ever, instead of actually killing them. Cedric is turned to 'stone', rather than Mordack actually killing him. In the Konami release, this obviously was to censor out the threatened violence, but the threatened violence was shown in the Sierra On-Line release.

An Atari ST version was announced via Sierra Online's magazine: Sierra News Magazine for a Spring 1991 release but was later canceled. Sierra's Srini Vasan and Sierra UK fought for continued Atari ST development but Sierra Online discontinued Atari ST support entirely shortly afterwards.

"King's Quest V" sold 250,000 copies by February 1993, and sales ultimately surpassed 500,000 copies. According to Sierra On-Line, combined sales of the "King's Quest" series surpassed 3.8 million units by the end of March 1996. By November 2000, PC Data reported that "King's Quest V"s sales in the United States alone had reached between 300,000 and 400,000 units.

"Computer Gaming World"s Scorpia in 1991 praised the "tour de force" VGA graphics, sound card audio, non-typing parser and user interface, but criticized the gigantic, yet almost pointless, desert map. She concluded that the game was best for new adventurers because of its easy puzzles, and a "pleasant diversion" for more-experienced players. In 1991, "Dragon" gave the game 4 out of 5 stars.

In April 1993 "Computer Gaming World"s Charles Ardai called the voice acting in the CD-ROM version of the game "wooden". In April 1994 the magazine said that "the quality of the voice acting covers the gamut from excellent to mediocre and, in some cases, can grate on the nerves", but the CD version was still preferable because "other enhancements are excellent". In 2007, Adventure Gamers gave the game a three out of five stars. Allgame also gave the PC original four out of five stars, while giving its NES adaptation two-and-a-half stars.

"King's Quest V" won the 1991 Software Publishers Association Excellence in Software Award for Best Fantasy Role-Playing/Adventure Program, "Computer Gaming World" named the game as its 1991 Adventure Game of the Year, and in 1992 named it to the magazine's Hall of Fame for games readers rated highly over time. In 1992 "King's Quest V" was voted "Best Multimedia Fantasy/Adventure Game" by readers of "MPC World". In 1996 "Computer Gaming World" named "King's Quest V" the 94th best game ever. The editors wrote that "Roberta Williams horrified Sierra traditionalists by getting the parser out of the way of some of the most beautiful graphics ever.

Sierra displayed their acknowledgement at the criticisms of "King's Quest V" through references to the game in several of their releases:

"King's Quest V" also inspired a text-based remake, "", and also another parody fan-game "" starring Cedric which pokes fun of many of the situations and mannerisms of Cedric.



</doc>
<doc id="1870607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1870607" title="King's Quest VI">
King's Quest VI

King's Quest VI: Heir Today, Gone Tomorrow is a point-and-click adventure game, first released in 1992 as the sixth installment in the "King's Quest" series produced by Sierra On-Line. Written by Roberta Williams and Jane Jensen, "King's Quest VI" is widely recognized as the high point in the series for its landmark 3D graphic introduction movie (created by Kronos Digital Entertainment) and professional voice acting (Hollywood actor Robby Benson provided the voice for Prince Alexander, the game's protagonist). "King's Quest VI" was programmed in Sierra's Creative Interpreter and was the last "King's Quest" game to be released on floppy disk. A CD-ROM version of the game was released in 1993, including more character voices, a slightly different opening movie and more detailed artwork and animation.

The name of this sequel is a pun on the common phrase "here today, gone tomorrow". This pun is related to the abrupt departure of Prince Alexander after the events of "King's Quest V", where he was just rescued by King Graham along with Princess Cassima, who asked Alexander to come visit her at the end of that game. "" also contained the word "heir" in its title and also featured Prince Alexander (then known as the slave Gwydion) as the main character.

"King's Quest VI" is a 2D graphic adventure game with a point-and-click interface. The player is given an icon-based toolbar at the top of the screen of selectable functions: walk, look (provides a description from the narrator of the object targeted), action and talk, respectively. It also includes the item inventory (the last selected item can be picked right away) and a game options menu. This is the second game in the series to feature this interface, which was introduced in its immediate predecessor "King's Quest V" as a new feature of the SCI1 version of Sierra's Creative Interpreter engine; previous titles in the series featured a text parser where players had to type commands and actions instead of selecting them on the screen.

Gameplay involves solving puzzles. Those include logic puzzles and interacting with characters either by dialogue or usage of collected items. One of the puzzles requires consulting the booklet "Guidebook to the Land of the Green Isles", which is included in the game's package. Aside from providing additional background to the game's setting, this booklet serves as part of the game's copy-protection. The player will not be able to pass the puzzles on the Cliffs of Logic that guard the Isle of the Sacred Mountain without information from the booklet. The booklet also includes a poem encoding the solution to one of the puzzles in the labyrinth on the island. In the re-released edition, the guide is part of the manual released on the game CD.

Solving the puzzles in the game usually requires traveling between the islands that make up the game world, which is accomplished by means of a magic map. Although a magic map had been used in earlier games of the series such as "King's Quest III", its implementation in "King's Quest VI" was different from earlier games in that it was only used for travel between islands, which could not be reached using the walking interface.

The game takes place almost entirely in a fictional kingdom called the Land of the Green Isles. The kingdom comprises several islands, and is described as being largely isolated from the outside world. The player can travel between different islands after obtaining a magic map.

The center of the kingdom is the Isle of the Crown, which has an Arabian Nights theme. The Isle of Wonder is inspired by Alice in Wonderland, and the Isle of the Sacred Mountain is inspired by Classical mythology. The Isle of the Beast, inspired by Beauty And The Beast, is heavily forested and scattered with magical barriers. There also are additional hidden areas. One of these is inhabited by a tribe of druids, while another gives the player the option to confront Death.

The game's opening cutscene shows Prince Alexander haunted by his memories of Princess Cassima, who he met at the end of "King's Quest V" when they were both rescued from the wizard Mordack. After seeing a vision of Cassima in the magical mirror that his father acquired in the first "King's Quest", he sails to find her. At the beginning of the game he is shipwrecked on the shore of the Isle of the Crown, where he learns that the vizier Abdul Alhazred (named after the author of the fictional Necronomicon) has assumed control in Cassima's absence, and plans to force her to marry him. Alexander must explore the Land of the Green Isles in order to find and learn what he needs to rescue Cassima from the vizier.

A significant aspect of "KQ6" story and gameplay is the option for the player to receive different endings based on choices made during the course of the game. Partway through the game, the player has the option to pursue either the "short path", which finishes the game rather quickly, or the "long path", which contains more puzzles and leads to a more satisfying ending. Upon completing either path, the player is given a clue about what choices would have led to the other ending. In addition to the two main paths and endings, the game's endings also contain many minor variables based on optional tasks in the game that the player may or may not have performed. Almost half of the game's quests are optional, many have multiple solutions, and because of the game's open world design players can solve most in any order.

"King's Quest" creator and designer Roberta Williams first met with Sierra newcomer and co-designer Jane Jensen (who would go on to create the "Gabriel Knight" series) in May 1991 to discuss the design for the upcoming sixth title in the series. Williams began preliminary work on "King's Quest VI" in June, "laying out the basic story" and worked alongside Jensen throughout July and August on coming up with design ideas; after five months, Williams and Jensen finished the documentation for the design. Two key goals of the writers were to keep the game's tone consistent with its predecessors' while still making it a distinct title, and to make players connect emotionally with the game; Williams wrote the love story of Prince Alexander and Cassima specifically for this emotional attachment.
Co-director and project manager Bill Skirvin and the artists created the storyboards and character sketches. John Shroades was responsible for sketching the 80 background paintings that would be used for the game. The method of motion capture was used to transcribe the movement of real-life actors shot on video to the over 2000 character actions in "King's Quest VI" on computer. Williams and Skirvin chose the actors and costumes for the shootings, and Michael Hutchinson led the animation team that integrated the footage into Shroades's backgrounds. The game's MIDI music was composed by Chris Braymen, who also produced the sound effects. The game's opening 3D-animated introduction was produced by Stanley Liu of Kronos Digital Entertainment, a company that did special effects for such films as "Batman Returns" and "The Lawnmower Man". This sequence was present in all versions of the game (DOS, Windows, Amiga and Macintosh) albeit with different edits and narrations across versions.

Jensen scripted the game, defining for programmers the game's responses for the player's actions and the over 6000 lines of written messages. Robert Lindsley served as the game's lead programmer. The game was coded on an updated version of the proprietary Sierra Creative Interpreter engine referred to as "SCI1". Robin Bradley served as the quality assurance tester; throughout July 1992 the game went through constant testing. Development wrapped in September, when Sierra's marketing and distribution departments began promoting and releasing the game. In an interview with "The New York Times", Williams estimated "King's Quest VI"'s budget to have been "about $700,000" and stated that the crew included over 20 people who worked for 14 months.

"King's Quest VI" was initially scheduled for release in September 1992, but Sierra announced it would delayed until mid-October. It was then shipped on October 6 and launched on October 13 on nine floppy disks for DOS and Macintosh. The Amiga version was ported by Revolution Software. Sierra, which themselves converted their games for the Amiga prior to "King's Quest VI", announced in early 1993 that they would cease releasing games for the computer; however, Revolution co-founder Charles Cecil offered Sierra for his company to make the Amiga conversion instead. The port began development in March 1993 and was released for the Amiga in December. It uses Revolution's Virtual Theatre engine instead of SCI1 due to better performance on the computer.
A CD-ROM version of "King's Quest VI", released in 1993 for DOS and Microsoft Windows, featured an extended version of the opening sequence, a full voiceover of every line of text in the game, and a revised soundtrack that includes a full version of the ballad "Girl in the Tower", which was composed by Mark Seibert with lyrics by Jane Jensen and serves as the game's love theme, playing in the end credits. Sierra sent a CD with the song to various radio stations and bundled with the game a pamphlet listing these stations and suggested fans to call them and ask for the song to be played. This resulted in Sierra receiving legal threats from stations bothered by excessive requests from listeners. Sierra co-founder Ken Williams responded to the stations by jokingly stating that the stations "were the criminals for ignoring their customers — something I believe no business should ever do". The Windows version also included higher resolution character portraits in dialogue sequences.

Emmy-winning director Stuart M. Rosen directed the voice cast of "King's Quest VI" for the CD-ROM version, which included actor Robby Benson (voice of the Beast in Disney's "Beauty and the Beast"), who voiced Prince Alexander. Five additional people to the game's team were involved in the development of the CD-ROM version.

The second "King's Quest Collection" had a number of editions in which the CD with "King's Quest VI" did not include the "Girl in the Tower" theme song audio CD track, so the Windows version simply crashed during the credits and the DOS version played the credits with no music. The "King's Quest Collection" release by Vivendi in 2006 includes the Windows version of the game, but is set up to run the MS-DOS version with text and speech in DOSBox.

According to Ken Williams, "King's Quest VI" sold around 400,000 copies in its first week of release and topped sales charts for DOS games upon release in September 1992, still holding the number one position in December that year. The CD-ROM version was the 5th best-selling CD-ROM game in November 1993. According to Sierra On-Line, combined sales of the "King's Quest" series surpassed 3.8 million units by the end of March 1996. By November 2000, PC Data reported that "King's Quest VI"s sales in the United States alone had reached between 300,000 and 400,000 units.

"Dragon" gave the game 5 out of 5 stars, calling it "one of the best adventure games on the market" and writing that it has "enormous replay value". Chuck Miller of "Computer Gaming World" stated that the number and quality of puzzles made "King's Quest VI" the first Sierra adventure in which he did not miss the older games' text parser. The magazine stated that while the graphic and sound were as good as other Sierra games, the animation was especially lifelike. It concluded that the game was "the best of the "King's Quest" games to come out of Daventry, and Sierra's finest adventure to date ... [it] has all the signs of becoming a classic". "PC Format" magazine was less positive, giving the game a score of 72%. It liked the lushly drawn graphics and pleasing sound, but disliked the game for overuse of sudden death and being too limiting. Barry Brenesal of "PC Magazine" wrote, ""King's Quest"s latest sequel may be more of the same, but that's no cause for concern. A formula that's rooted in the likes of Charles Perrault and the Brothers Grimm needs no excuse for its theme. And with Sierra at the design helm, it also needs no apology for its treatment." "Electronic Games"' reviewer Russ Ceccola wrote that the game "will fully satisfy fans of the series, inspiring them to a higher level of creativity with its almost-hidden sections and plot elements" and named it the "finest" installment in the series. Writing for "Compute!", Scott A. May said the game balances the story to attract all audiences and wrote that "those who love action will find plenty to pump their adrenaline, yet they won't be put off by the game's gentle, romantic side". Just Adventure reviewer Adam Rodman gave the game an A.

When reviewing the CD-ROM version, "Computer Gaming World"s Charles Ardai compared the game and series to "vanilla ice cream", but praised the "incomparable" graphics and stated that the voice acting was "much stronger" than in the previous game. He concluded that ""King's Quest VI" is a heartily inoffensive game full of light touches and not a great deal else"; however, "for plain vanilla, "King's Quest VI" on CD-ROM is about as good as it gets". Ardai later described the game as "best-selling though somewhat vapid ... adventures of Princess Pubescent in the Land of Cute". In April 1994 the magazine said that the CD version's "quality voice talent throughout ... audibly displays that Sierra learned from their previous error", and "a worthy heir to the "King's Quest" linege". Writing for "CD-ROM Today", Neil Randall praised the CD version's addition of voice acting and the voices themselves, but expressed disappointment that it doesn't improve the game's graphical details.

"CU Amiga" gave a positive review of the Amiga version of the game, singling out praise for the mouse control interface, the graphics, characters and the conversion from PC done by Revolution, and gave it an 89% score. In an A−
review, Peter Olafson of "Amiga World" equally praised Revolution's conversion and also commended the story. "Amiga Power" reviewer Jonathan Davies was less enthusiastic, comparing it unfavorably with other contemporary point-and-click games in terms of innovation, and rated it 70%; "Amiga Format"'s Dave Golder gave a similar assessment and rated it 69%.

In retrospective reviews made in the late 2000s, Allgame gave both the PC CD-ROM and Macintosh adaptations 2½ stars out of five, while Adventure Gamers gave the game 4½ stars out of 5. "King's Quest VI" is generally considered the best title in the series and is mentioned as one of the greatest games of all time. "King's Quest VI" was inducted into GameSpot's list of the greatest games of all time, and "PC Gamer US" named it the 48th best computer game ever in 1994. "Adventure Gamers" named it the 3rd best adventure game of all time, GamesRadar placed it as the 5th best point-and-click adventure game in 2012, and Kotaku included it in its list of the 10 adventure games "everyone must play". In 2011, Adventure Gamers named "King's Quest VI" the 13th-best adventure game ever released.


Citations

Bibliography


</doc>
<doc id="1870609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1870609" title="King's Quest VII">
King's Quest VII

King's Quest VII: The Princeless Bride is a graphic adventure game developed and published by Sierra On-Line for the MS-DOS, Microsoft Windows and Macintosh computers in 1994. It features high-resolution graphics in a style reminiscent of Disney animated films and is the only "King's Quest" game with multiple protagonists: Queen Valanice and Princess Rosella, who are both spirited away to the realm of Eldritch, and Rosella is transformed into a troll. They must find a way to return Rosella to normal and find her true love, get rid of a powerful evil force threatening this realm, and get back to their kingdom Daventry.

"King's Quest VII" is the only game in the series to divide the story into chapters. Although less linear in terms of ending than earlier entries in the series, "King's Quest VII" does not include as many different endings or optional tasks and plot threads as "King's Quest VI". Some puzzles do have multiple solutions, and there are two possible endings. The game's reception was highly divisive, but ultimately mostly positive.

"King's Quest VII" is different from the previous "King's Quest" games in terms of structure. The action is separated into six chapters, each set primarily in a different region of the realm of Eldritch. The player alternates between two heroines, Valanice and Rosella, with each chapter. The two heroines travel through some of the same places during the course of the game, finally meeting up again in the end.

Aside from the multi-chapter layout, the most significant change in game structure is the simplification of user interface by the use of smart pointer. When playing the game, the pointer lights up when passed over an object that can be used. Players can get or use objects and talk to characters by directly clicking on them, whereas previous games required the player to select an action icon and then click on the environment, and can click on the environment without indicating which parts of the game could be interacted with.

One of the game's highlights is its graphics; "King's Quest VII" has very elaborate and colorful graphics, compared to other games of the time, with painted backgrounds and animation techniques. The game makes use of SVGA graphics, new at the time, before "The Dig" and "Space Quest 6". Also included are certain areas that pan from one side to the other, rather than going from screen to screen. Despite the cartoonish graphics characteristic of family-friendly computer games, the game includes several violent death scenes.

The name of this entry, "The Princeless Bride", is a pun on the title of "The Princess Bride". Like most "King's Quest" titles, it is also a reference to the plot: Princess Rosella is soon to be a bride, but ends up in another world shortly before her marriage. It is the only entry in the series to feature Queen Valanice in a major role, and also the only one in which King Graham is not shown or mentioned at all (with one minor exception in version 1.4). Sierra marketed the game as an improvement in the series by stating that completion of earlier "KQ" adventures was not necessary to fully enjoy the game, even though the final chapter revealed a strong connection to the events of "King's Quest IV".

Walking through a forest in Daventry with her mother, Queen Valanice, Princess Rosella dreams of adventures in faraway lands and freedom while her mother pressures her to find a prince to marry. As they argue, Rosella sees in a pond an image of a castle in the clouds and leaps in, followed by her worried mother. The two fall through a portal together, but an arm suddenly snatches Rosella away, separating the two women.

Valanice ends up in a desert in the Realm of Eldritch and is left with only Rosella's comb. Valanice discovers from the ghost of a man who died in the desert that an evil witch closed the only way out, forcing Valanice to find a way to reopen it. By piecing together a turquoise arrow, Valanice manages to open the passage out and departs the desert.

At the same time, Rosella is pulled out of the portal into the Vulcanix Underground by Otar, the Troll King. To Rosella's shock and disgust, she has been transformed into a troll herself and is to be married to Otar. Seeking a cure and escape, Rosella encounters the friendly troll Mathilde who offers to concoct a potion that can cure Rosella in exchange for Rosella's help in finding answers to the Underground's recent troubles with the Land of Ooga Booga. Rosella is able to gather the ingredients and is cured, but the evil Malicia locks her away to prevent Rosella from distracting Otar. Escaping, Rosella discovers Malicia conspiring with Otar to cause the volcano the Underground is part of to erupt which will destroy the entire realm. Locating Otar's pet dragon toad, Rosella and Mathilde discover that the real Otar is being held prisoner in the Land of Ooga Booga while the one Rosella has met is an imposter working with Malicia. After escaping Malicia's clutches, Rosella uses an elevator to rise to the Land of Ooga Booga.

After passing through the desert, Valanice discovers herself in a forest where she finds Attis and Ceres, the Lord of the Hunt and Mother Nature, have been transformed into a stag and a tree respectively by Malicia. Worse, Malicia drove an iron stake into Ceres' roots, leaving her with a life-threatening wound that could spell disaster for nature if Ceres dies. Making her way to a nearby town, Valanice agrees to steal a magical statuette in exchange for a salve that will allow her to pass through a dangerous part of the forest. Though Valanice succeeds in stealing the statuette, she is arrested after recovering a giant block of cheese that falls from the sky, the moon of the realm.

Rosella successfully reaches the Land of Ooga Booga, but the passage back to the Underground collapses behind her. With the help of local Doctor Mort Cadaver, Rosella begins seeking out the real Otar while coming up against many challenges. After rescuing a black cat, Rosella receives one of the cat's lives and the location of Otar. With the help of a gravedigger she helped earlier, Rosella manages to reach Otar, but is imprisoned with him by Malicia. Using the dragon toad, the two escape and plot to return to the Underground to foil Malicia using a secret entrance hidden somewhere in the town. With help from Mort, they bypass one of Malicia's monsters to enter a swamp, but Otar convinces Rosella to enter Malicia's house and steal back a mysterious device that is the only thing that can stop Malicia. After evading a werewolf, the two manage to find the secret entrance in the town hall and reenter the Underground.

In exchange for returning the moon to the sky, Valanice is pardoned and manages to retrieve the salve. Acting on advice from a rock spirit, Valanice restarts the local river, breaking Attis' curse. Using the salve to get past the werewolf, Valanice makes her way to the Land of Ooga Booga where she locates and returns the Headless Horseman's head after being informed of recent events by the black cat. In return, he allows Valanice use of his horse Necromancer to reach Etheria. In Etheria, Valanice locates the Fates who tell her that the king and queen are gone and she must travel to a dreamworld to speak to Mab, the lady of dreams. Valanice is also able to get the ambrosia she needs to restore a magical cornucopia and break Ceres' curse. With the help of Mort, Valanice is able to enter the dreamworld while asleep, only to discover Mab frozen in a block of ice. With Ceres' help, Valanice is able to find a way to break the curse while Mab's brother provides a way into the dreamworld while she is awake. Valanice frees Mab who helps Valanice use the winds to contact King Oberon and Queen Titania. With the volcano close to erupting, the king and queen return to help.

After reaching the volcano's control room, Rosella and Otar encounter the imposter. Using Otar's magic wand, Rosella restores the imposter to his true form, revealing him to be Edgar, the handsome fairy she encountered in Tamir who helped her save her father. Malicia knocks Otar out, blows Edgar away and imprisons Rosella who manages to escape and return to the control room. As Oberon, Titania and Mab attempt to contain the volcano, Rosella manages to awaken Otar who stops the eruption. With the help of Edgar and Necromancer, Valanice is finally reunited with her daughter, only to have Malicia attack. Malicia kills Edgar, but Rosella manages to use the device she recovered from Malicia's house to turn Malicia into an infant.

The game offers two different endings after the final confrontation with Malicia. In the good ending, Rosella revives Edgar using the extra life she received from the black cat she helped in the Land of Ooga Booga. King Oberon and Queen Titania arrive and reveal that Edgar is their son who was kidnapped as a child by the evil fairy Lolotte before Rosella rescued him while in Tamir. He was subsequently kidnapped again and brainwashed by Malicia who Titania intends to raise to be a better person the second time around. Edgar reveals that he is the one who pulled Rosella to Eldritch and apologizes for his actions. Rosella agrees to Edgar's request to court her and the entire realm celebrates Malicia's defeat and the return of their prince.

In the bad ending, Rosella fails to revive Edgar and he dies. Oberon and Titania arrive and sadly explain what happened to him before taking Valanice and Rosella home.


The developers aimed for the effect of traditional animation works by Walt Disney Pictures and Don Bluth. As such, the full game contains more than five times the animation of any other Sierra game of the time. Art director Andy Hoyos specifically cited the intensity of the colors in Disney's "Aladdin" as an inspiration model. Composer Jay Usher said, "Just seeing how a character carries himself, acts, or walks ultimately determines the outcome of the music. We've tried to give each character [their] own 'mini-theme'. Each character is unique, so the music should be as well." The final game was much shortened from an earlier concept in order to fit the game on a single CD-ROM.

The game's backgrounds were hand-drawn and scanned. The game sprites were pencil-drawn on paper and also scanned, and then edited and colored digitally, not unlike the traditional animation process in animated feature films of the era. Of the 70 characters that appear in the game, some are more realistic and human-like (like the protagonists) and others more cartoony. According to lead animator (and character designer) Marc Hudgins, it was the first time when the art department had to use outside (Russian and Croatian) animation houses. Part of the challenge had to do with the fact that the animators had no experience in computer game animation.

According to Sierra On-Line, combined sales of the "King's Quest" series surpassed 3.8 million units by the end of March 1996. By November 2000, PC Data reported that "King's Quest VII"s sales in the United States alone had reached between 300,000 and 400,000 units.

Some critics and fans of the series disliked the use of Disney-style cartoon graphics. On the other hand, upon release "PCZone" praised its "stunning graphics and superb gameplay." A reviewer for "Next Generation" approved of the series's transition from idealized fantasy imagery to highly detailed cartoon graphics, and said the game maintained the "King's Quest" standard for outstanding soundtracks. He concluded, "While it's certainly not the most challenging game available, it may be one of the most impressive in look and feel, and fans of the series should definitely check this one out." A review in "Computer Gaming World" hailed the game's "animation of quality that would make Disney proud." A retrospective verdict in Adventure Gamers described it as "an eminently playable, if not revolutionary, adventure game," and "a solid—if not stellar—entry in the "King’s Quest" collection."

"Computer Gaming World" nominated "King's Quest VII" as its 1994 "Adventure of the Year", although it lost to "". The editors called "King's Quest VII" "one of the year's most charming releases", and concluded, "The feature-quality animation and the hodge-podge of classic tales make it the closest we're likely to come to a fairy tale on the computer."



</doc>
<doc id="1872396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1872396" title="Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends">
Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends

Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends is a real-time strategy video game for Microsoft Windows, made by Big Huge Games, and published by Microsoft. It is a spin-off of the popular "Rise of Nations", released in May 2003. However, rather than being a historical game, it is based in a fantasy world, where technology and magic co-exist. It was released on May 9, 2006 in North America and on various dates around May 26, 2006 in the rest of the world.

"Rise of Legends" retains most of the features from "Rise of Nations", like city building, borders, attrition, assimilations, non-depletable resources and the Conquer The World (CTW) campaigns. However, "Rise of Legends" also introduces new features of its own, such as city districts, heroes, dominances, a more simplified economy (with only two resources) and neutral, siegeable units and buildings. The reality-based resource wood has been replaced by Timonium. Unlike its predecessor, which offered the player 18 civilizations to choose from, "Rise of Legends" has only three races. These are the technological Vinci, the magical Alin, and the alien-like Cuotl, who replace the Wealth resource with Energy, offering a new gather strategy. Each race is completely distinct from the others, allowing for different gameplay depending on the player's choice. It also makes use of the AGEIA PhysX physics engine.

"Rise of Legends" has a number of unique features that set it apart from its predecessor.

Unlike most RTS-type games, in which a player starts with a city center and expands from there, Rise of Legends gives the player a city center, but adds a second, distinct building class: Districts. There are five districts in the game; they vary between the three races, but mostly serve the same purpose of increasing the size of the city, as well as offering benefits that will be elaborated upon later. The other buildings include the standard unit factories and defensive structures, as well as unique buildings for each race. The following is a list of the five different districts:

Master Units are enormous units when compared to standard units, and are therefore extremely powerful. A player may only have one Master Unit at a time. Each unit has its own set of powerful abilities, and is equally effective against infantry, large units, or buildings. Master units can only be accessed after creating a Great City; they also require huge amounts of resources.

The Vinci control the Land Leviathan, also upgradable to the King Leviathan. The Alin have the Glass Dragon, also upgradable to the Elder Glass Dragon. The Cuotl hold the City of Vengeance, upgradable to Great City of Vengeance. Three other master units, the Elder Glass Golem, the Moon Gorilla, and the Scavenger Boss can be created by the neutral sites the Glass Lair, the Moon Core, and the Scrapyard respectively. The Elder Glass Golem is a massive beast that resembles the Alins' Glass Golem but is much larger, has no ranged attack, and has a mana counter just like an Alin hero's. It also splits into 2 Adult Glass Golems when killed. The Moon Gorilla is a giant relative of the Cuotl Sun Idol with a powerful attack and siege attack ability, supplemented with a strong air attack and devastating trample. The Scavenger Boss acts like a Land Leviathan. Yet another unit that can be acquired in another map, created in the Moon Temple, is Ix the Moon God, the fourth Cuotl deity.

Each race has its own set of Hero Units. Hero units are generally stronger, faster and more powerful than normal units, as well as having their own unique skill tree, which gives the hero powers, or upgrades existing powers. For the most part, powers act like spells, and are cast during the game, though there are some passive powers too. Heroes also level up (the conditions for levelling up varies), with each level increasing their stats. Heroes have to be summoned into the game, which costs a certain number of resources (different per hero), and multiple heroes can be summoned at the same time. As well, if a hero dies, he can be resummoned. There are three heroes per civilization, and these heroes have larger roles in the single-player campaigns [along with other heroes not included in Single- and Multi-player Random Maps].

The single player game is divided into three campaigns, one for each race in the game (although the "player character" throughout all three campaigns is Giacomo, the original Vinci hero, whose appearance and army changes depending on which campaign is being played). Each campaign presents the player with a large map of a region of Aio, divided into multiple city sections (similar to the board game "Risk"). The campaigns are divided into two segments: managing the Strategic Map and playing individual scenarios.

The strategic map is an overview of the current region that the campaign being played covers. It is divided into a number of smaller sections, each of which representing a scenario to be played. Each of these sections are colour-coded as well, representing which race (in the Alin campaign), or the army (in the Vinci and Cuotl campaigns) controls it. As well, the strategic map contains a representation of the player's army (represented by an avatar of Giacomo), as well as any enemy armies that are on the map, represented by an avatar of each of their heroes.

Each section of the region contains a capital city. Similar to cities in scenarios, capital cities can be upgraded with four different districts (Military, Merchant/Reactor, Industrial/Magic, Palace). The capital cities allow for management of four critical resources – Research, Military, Wealth and Hero:
Similarly to cities within a scenario, capital cities on the strategic map can be upgraded with Palace districts after three and six other districts have been added to the city. Palace districts supply one of each resource type (other than Hero) per turn.

The player is given access to the strategic map in between playing scenarios (each of which makes up a "turn"). After each turn, new resources are allotted (if applicable) and enemy armies may move or capture sections (including ones under the player's control). The player then can choose which section to move their army into next (thereby starting the associated scenario); often, there is more than one path that can be taken. The player may also move their army into an adjacent friendly territory before launching a scenario. However, if the player makes two moves without starting a scenario, enemy armies will all receive a turn, while the player's resources will not increase.

In order to defeat enemy armies, the player has to either conquer a territory the army is located within, or defeat the army's capital city territory (in this case, defeating the enemy army in a non-capital city territory will cause the army to retreat). In any case, entering a scenario in a territory occupied by an enemy army will cause that army (and its associated hero unit) to be present in the scenario. Enemy armies can also attack the player's territories. Each turn that an enemy army attacks a territory destroys one of its Military districts, if any exist. When no Military districts exist, the attacking enemy army takes control of the district.

To complete a campaign, all territories do not need to be under the player's control; rather, all territories marked as main quest goals (with an icon of a golden chalice) need to be completed.

The single-player campaign is divided into a number of different scenarios, each of which being its own level, which are accessible by moving the player's army into a territory on the strategic map. The levels generally are of one of two types:


At the end of each level, the player is rewarded with a number of hero points in order to upgrade their Hero units. As well, each scenario is assigned a number of other upgrades on the strategic map, which are awarded upon victory; these include special powers which can be used in future scenarios (a unique set of eight such powers exists for each campaign), extra army units, or bonus Military/Research/Wealth points for use on the strategic map.

There are three unique races in "Rise of Legends" - the research-driven Vinci, the magic-using Alin, and the technologically advanced Cuotl.

The Vinci are a highly technological, steampunk civilization, whose buildings and armed forces rely heavily on the steam engine, clockwork and gunpowder. Its designs are highly influenced by the sixteenth century Italian Renaissance inventor and artist, Leonardo da Vinci. They are led by Giacomo, the Inventor of Miana, who provides the Vinci with a wide variety of creations to use on the battlefield. The main Vinci adversary is the Doge of Venucci, who has created a giant city-leveling cannon, the "Doge Hammer," and was responsible for the death of Giacomo's brother, Petruzzo, Lord of Miana.

The Vinci national power is Industrial Devastation, which causes giant bores and drills to rise from beneath the earth, damaging anything in the area, throwing smaller units to the ground, and prohibiting the construction of buildings on that area for a short time. Further research into the Mining research track increases the power and radius of the attack. The Vinci also have access to a unique form of currency, "Prototype Points," which are gained by building Industrial Districts. These Research Points are spent at a specialized structure, the Prototype factory: for each point, the player is allowed to choose one of three topics, which may grant them army-wide upgrades, unique units which cannot be gained any other way, or an increase in Timonium income. Later, the player may also choose to receive large amounts of Wealth, an upgrade in unit production, or a free powerful unit.

The Alin are a magical civilization, relying on Sand, Fire and Glass magic to create their infrastructure and army. The civilization is based on Arabian and Middle Eastern mythologies, such as "1001 Arabian Nights", and contains units such as Giant Scorpions, Salamanders and Dragons. They live in the Kalahese desert, mainly in the capital city of Azar Harif, and are led by the King and his daughter Arri, a master of fire magic.

A large portion of the Alin territories are "infected" with Dark Glass, a powerful magical element, created by the Genie Sawu when a mystical object fell from the sky (it was actually a powerful, and destructive, piece of Cuotl technology), that drove him to madness. In order to attempt to contain the infection, Sawu was imprisoned inside the city of Mezekesh, which was subsequently buried within the sands of the desert. However, the infection still spread, causing intermittent periods of Dark Terror, in which hostile Dark Glass creatures became berserk and attacked the Alin without mercy.

The Alin national power is Summon Army, which immediately summons a temporary army to fight for the Alin. The power and size of the army increases with further research along the Evocation track, ranging from a minor battalion to a medium-sized cadre. This, along with the general cheapness of their units and the ability to build unit-making structures anywhere on the map, even enemy territory (though this doubles the structure's cost), makes them adept at both hit-and-run and number-based tactics.

Though the larger bulk of Cuotl civilization is made up of subjugated indigenous humans, the race is headed by an alien civilization, inspired by the ancient Mayan civilization and the ancient astronaut theory from "Chariots of the Gods? Unsolved Mysteries of the Past". Their name resembles that of the Aztec/Mayan God Quetzalcoatl, and indeed a Cuotl air unit is called a "Quetzal Fighter". Four Cuotl beings, possessing high technology indistinguishable from magic, installed themselves as gods over the tribes of the Aio rainforest: Ix, the Moon God; Xil, the Sun God; Shok, Goddess of Storm; and Czin, God of Death. The units of the Cuotl army have both Mesoamerican and science-fiction influences to their design, seemingly constructed from both metal and stone, and many of them feature energy shields or personal cloaking devices. An obvious example of their Mesoamerican influence is Czin's name, which is very similar to that of Kisin's alternate spelling, Cizin, and who like Czin is also a death god.

The Cuotl are logistically different from the other two civilizations in the game. Instead of collecting Wealth via caravans, the Cuotl harvest Energy through reactors, which is used to create buildings and fund heroes' powers. Similarly, rather than purchasing neutral sites with Wealth as the other two civilizations do, the Cuotl expend Timonium to "subjugate" them. (Because Timonium is so much easier to obtain than Wealth or Energy, this creates game-balance issues which are resolved by the sharply-increasing costs of subjugation overall.)

The Cuotl national power, Star Bolt, summons a contracting halo of intense light, which damages all enemy units and structures within its circumference. Curiously, it is selectable by mouse and can be moved, allowing the player to chase opposing units with it or use it for reconnaissance. By researching the Divine Power research track, the size, power and duration of the Star Bolt increases.

Some pieces of Cuotl technology are dangerous or unstable. One was found by the entity who would become known as Sawu the Dark Alin, and prompted the creation of the corrupting Dark Glass. Another was found within a Mianan mine, and started killing those miners who were exposed to its presence. Yet another piece of Cuotl technology was given to the Doge of Venucci, who incorporated the destructive laser cannon into his personal walker; this cannon overloaded when Giacomo pulled some wires from it, resulting in the Doge's death.

Each area of Aio (occupied by the Vinci, Alin and Cuotl) also contain a number of neutral factions, which often have their own unique army units, and can be captured, purchased or subjugated in order to join the player's army. Each neutral faction is only available in one of the three civilizations' territories, and each civilization can obtain the power to create camps belonging to one of their neutral factions. Examples of neutrals are the unindustrialized Vinci men who still ride on horses and live in castles, known as Condottieri, the tribal nomads of the northern mountains, clockwork units created from scrap metal, known as Scavengers, and Cuotl humans who have refused worship of the false gods, known as Fallen Cuotl.

The game takes place on the world of Aio. Years ago, an alien ship crashed on the planet, breaking into 4 parts. Each part fell on a different region.

The game begins as Lord Petruzzo, ruler of the Vinci city of Miana, his brother Giacomo, and General Carlini are sent with a group of soldiers to recover an object found in a mine shaft that is making the miners sick. When they arrive, they are attacked by the Doge of Venucci, a bloodthirsty warlord, who has already captured the mysterious device. The Doge fires a laser beam at a nearby outcrop, causing an avalanche. The rubble crushes Petruzzo and many of the soldiers. Giacomo sets out on a quest to kill the Doge and avenge his brother.

Along the way, Giacomo's army helps the land of Pirata break a Venucci siege, and Lenora, their leader, joins Giacomo on his quest. Further on, they liberate Venucci political prisoners, and discover that Venucci has access to unknown technology.

Giacomo levels Venucci using a weapon that the Doge intended for Miana, Giacomo's home city, called the Doge Hammer. However, he discovers that the Doge has taken another Hammer to Miana while the battle at Venucci was fought. On returning to Miana, Giacomo finds the city destroyed.

He pursues the Doge into the Alin Desert, where the army is attacked by the Dark Alin Marwan. They are saved by an army led by Giacomo's friend, the Alin princess Arri. She takes Giacomo to the Alin king, who gives him rest but does not offer military aid. He tells the story of Sawu, the Dark Alin who was driven mad by an object that fell from the sky. Sawu began covering the land in a substance called Dark Glass. To stop the spread of Sawu’ influence, he was sealed in the city of Mezekesh. Giacomo leaves to break the seal and stop Sawu once and for all. He is accompanied by Arri, while Lenora returns to Pirata to prepare her armies.

Defeating Sawu cures his insanity. As Sawu is defeated, however, the Doge arrives to take the object that drove Sawu mad. With the help of the armies of Pirata, the object is kept away from the Doge, who is killed. An alien ship arrives at this time to take the Sawu's artifact and the one the Doge stole at the beginning of the game.

Giacomo wants to know more about these "aliens", so he travels to Cuotl Rainforest, where there have been reports of them being seen. When he arrives, he finds Ix, the Moon God, one of the False Gods that rule the Cuotl, searching for an object like the ones mentioned before, now revealed to be pieces of Cuotl technology. Giacomo battles with Ix, but is nearly defeated until Carlini arrives and kills Ix. Czin, the god of death, then arrives, seeking the device. Giacomo attempts to stop him, but is badly injured when the device explodes. Carlini challenges Czin, who kills Carlini with little effort.

Giacomo has gained strange new powers from the explosion, which have altered his body and mind. He spends some time building a robotic walker suit to simulate the power that Ix had, so that he can avenge Carlini's death. He is joined by Kakoolha, rightful leader of the Cuotl, in his assault on the Cuotl gods. When Giacomo's army reaches Czin's capital city, they discover that the Death God is preparing a massive machine that will "talk to the Stars" and bring about the apocalypse. Giacomo confronts Czin inside the massive machine, and eventually kills him. After slaying Czin, Giacomo is faced by a mysterious holographic image of what appears to be an alien. Giacomo then destroys the machine while still inside it, and the entire structure explodes.

Later, in the Vinci city-states, statues of Giacomo are made in remembrance of him, and Lenora is now tasked with the matter of unifying the Vinci under a single banner. Arri leaves to travel the world, exiled by her father, the king, for helping Giacomo. The Cuotl, under Kakhoola's rule, are adapting to the new technology the False Gods spread among them.

38 Studios acquired the rights to "Rise of Nations" and "Rise of Legends", when it acquired Big Huge Games in 2009. After 38 Studios filed for bankruptcy in 2012 its rights to "Rise of Nations" were sold at an auction to Microsoft.

In 2010 an "expansion" of the game was released at "Rise of Legends Heaven". featuring many new units and other features including changes to the campaign and skirmish play. In 2013 another mod was released on the same site creating 13 new nations to expand on the games 3 nation limit.

The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" presented "Rise of Legends" with their 2006 "Best Art Direction" and "Best Interface" awards, and named it the year's ninth-best computer game overall. They called it "a weirdly absorbing trinket whose true dazzle reveals itself only gradually to the patient eye."


Despite its positive critical reception, the game sold one-third as many copies as its predecessor "Rise of Nations".



</doc>
<doc id="1874687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1874687" title="The Sims 2: Nightlife">
The Sims 2: Nightlife

The Sims 2: Nightlife is the second expansion pack for "The Sims 2", which was released on September 13, 2005 (USA and Canada) and September 16, 2005 (European Union, Australia and New Zealand). It was released for Mac OS X on March 27, 2006. The expansion pack centers on the new downtown area, which has various activities, such as bowling, karaoke, dining and dancing, as well as a photo booth, and includes a dating minigame which allows player to engage in their Sims' relationships in greater depth. Most elements from this expansion were incorporated into "" for "The Sims 3".

The game is reminiscent of an expansion pack from the original "The Sims" game entitled "", which focused on new social interactions and locations for Sims to visit, such as a dance club or romantic restaurant. "Nightlife" follows in a similar theme. Some of the items are also similar to the ones found in "The Sims: House Party" and "The Sims: Superstar".

New additions include inventories, new interactions, and over 125 new objects, including cars. NPCs that a player's Sim dates can now leave gifts or hate letters at the Sim's home, depending on the success of particular dates. Some of the new NPCs include party DJs, a Gypsy Matchmaker and Vampires.

"Nightlife" also adds a new aspiration called the Pleasure Aspiration. This new aspiration is assigned in exactly the same way as any of the other five aspirations. Sims with this aspiration crave enjoyment in many different ways, whilst they fear embarrassment. Sims may receive wants such as 'juggle' and 'jump on lounge'.

"Nightlife" adds another Aspiration as well: the Grilled Cheese Aspiration. The ReNuYu SensoOrb, an object which enables any Sim to change their aspiration, can fail like other Aspiration Reward objects when the Sim's Aspiration Meter is low. When this happens, the Sim using it receives the Grilled Cheese Aspiration, and all his or her wants and fears will be superseded with ones revolving around grilled cheese sandwiches, such as "Make Grilled Cheese Sandwich" or "Be rejected for Talk about Grilled Cheese Sandwich." If "" is installed, the Sim's Lifetime Want will also change.

In "Nightlife", players can own their own cars instead of relying on the carpool to get to work or the bus to get to school. There are several models and colors available. In addition, driveways and garages can be built into the Sim's lot. Also new, more customized swimming pools can be designed. Included is a new diagonal shaped swimming pool tool, which can be used to create extensive shapes. However, the pool ladder and diving board may only be attached to pool tiles square on the lot.

The lot mode has been expanded in "Nightlife", so that it is possible to view the neighborhood from a lot. Players may leave one lot to play another without having to go back to the neighborhood mode. Two new radio stations come with the expansion, Oldies and Classical stations.

"Nightlife" adds the option to add a "downtown" sub-neighborhood to each proper neighborhood. The pre-made downtown is simply called "Downtown", and contains several shops, restaurants, nightclubs and other community lots, as well as home lots. These places are perfect for dates, or group gatherings. It does not include pre-made Sims, though.

"The Sims 2: Nightlife" introduces the concept of fury. Of limited duration, this generally affects which social interactions are accepted. It is most likely to occur when a spouse is caught cheating with another Sim. If another Sim becomes furious at the player's Sim, their Sim will be subjected to vandalism, such as having their newspaper stolen, or their trash can kicked over. Fury can also be caused by the player, if he/she decides to be very mean to the other Sim. Fury can be resolved by waiting for the furious timer to stop ticking or paying the sim. The Seasons expansion pack allows fury to be eliminated by the consumption of strawberry juice.

"The Sims 2: Nightlife" introduces NPC Vampires. If a Sim builds a strong relationship with a vampire, which they can meet in community lots, they can ask to be bitten and thus, become stricken with Vampirisim. Vampires have sharp teeth, red eyes, and pale skin, have no reflection in mirrors, and can turn into a bat and fly. Vampires' needs do not decay at all during the night, allowing them to enjoy the nightlife that little bit more and making socializing and money making at night that little bit easier. Vampire Sims are also immortal and will not age, although Teen vampires will age if sent to college and again upon graduation.

The main weakness of a vampire is that during the day, their needs decay faster than those of normal Sims. If a Vampire tries to go out of the house during the day, their needs will drop down to zero fast, and eventually, they will combust and die. A vampire can avoid these dangers by sleeping in a coffin during the day, a new object introduced in the expansion pack. Vampirism can be cured with a potion.

"The Sims 2: Nightlife" is the first expansion pack that includes private cars. The expansion pack includes 5 car models with different paintjobs such as: a hatchback, a pickup truck, a minivan, a sedan car, and a sports car. The player can install an alarm in the car, take the kids to school, drive to work, and go to community lots. The official website has included a garage set that allows players with any combination of games to have cars plus the Ford car company has made some of their cars available to "The Sims 2 Nightlife" owners through "The Sims 2" Website.

"The Sims 2: Nightlife" received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

"Nightlife" had received 76% from aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic respectively. 


</doc>
<doc id="1880689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1880689" title="Gears of War (video game)">
Gears of War (video game)

Gears of War is a 2006 third-person shooter video game, the first installment of the "Gears of War" series. It was developed by Epic Games and published by Microsoft Game Studios, initially as an exclusive title for the Xbox 360 in November 2006, before a Microsoft Windows version of the game, developed in conjunction with People Can Fly, was released in 2007. The game's main story, which can be played in single or co-operative play, focuses on a squad of troops who assist in completing a desperate, last-ditch attempt to end a war against a genocidal subterranean enemy, and save the remaining human inhabitants of their planet Sera. The game's multiplayer mode allows up to eight players to control characters from one of the two factions in a variety of online game modes. Gameplay features players using cover and strategic fire in order to win battles.

The game was a commercial success, selling over three million copies within ten weeks of its launch. It became the fastest selling video game of 2006, the second-most played game over Xbox Live during 2007, and the 6th best selling Xbox 360 game. Considered one of the seventh generation of video gaming's most significant titles, the game received universal critical acclaim for its gameplay and detailed visuals, with it winning over 30 "Game of the Year" awards in 2006. Its success led to the development of the "Gears of War" franchise, including the sequel "Gears of War 2" in 2008, its follow-up in 2011, "Gears of War 3", the prequel "" in 2013, "Gears of War 4" in 2016, and "Gears 5" in 2019. In addition, it has also spawned adaptations for books and comics, with a "Gears of War" film in development.

A remastered version, "Gears of War: Ultimate Edition", was developed primarily by The Coalition, and brought about a number of improvements, including updates to the gameplay from later titles and enhanced graphics. "Ultimate Edition" was released for the Xbox One in August 2015, and for PC in March 2016.

"Gears of War" is a third-person shooter that places emphasis on using cover to avoid taking damage while moving towards enemy forces. The game uses a number of weapons, but predominately featured is the Lancer, an assault rifle that has a mounted chainsaw bayonet that can deal melee damage at close range. Playable characters can carry two primary weapons, grenades, and a smaller, secondary weapon such as the Snub Pistol. Weapons are reloaded with a tap of the RB button, and a second tap within a given time (active reload) rewards the player with a damage bonus. However, failing to perform the "Active Reload" correctly will cause the gun to become momentarily jammed while the player's character fixes it. When the player takes damage, the "Crimson Omen", a red cog representing the player's health gauge, will fade into the screen, becoming more defined with larger amounts of damage. The player can seek cover to recover their health, but if they take too much damage, they will become incapacitated. Once this occurs, a skull will fill the center void of the omen. The player can then be revived by a teammate, executed by an enemy, or remain incapacitated until they "bleed out", dying from blood loss.

The game features a five-act campaign that can be played alone or cooperatively with another player. The campaign focuses on COG Army soldiers Marcus Fenix and Dominic Santiago and their efforts in the Delta Squad to wipe out the Locust forces on their planet Sera. The player is joined by AI teammates that will help fight the Locust. Certain sections of the campaign feature two paths that can be taken as selected by the first player. If there is a second player, their character will automatically take the other. The campaign can be played at three difficulty settings in the first game. From easiest to hardest, these are "Casual", "Hardcore" and "Insane". The "Insane" difficulty is unlocked once the game is beaten on either the "Casual" or "Hardcore" difficulty.

Multiplayer "Gears of War" features up to four-on-four competitive gameplay, with teams representing the Gears or the Locust. Players must execute downed foes, otherwise these will revive after a time. In Assassination matches, the team's leader is the only one that can track the other team's leader and pick up new weapons, after which teammates can pick them up, with the goal to eliminate the foe's leader. An Xbox 360 patch added the "Annex" mode, which is similar to "King of the Hill", in which players must try to control a shifting control point for a certain amount of time to win. The PC version of "Gears" introduced "King of the Hill", a mode not present in the Xbox 360 version, which uses a fixed control point but varies the conditions on which it is controlled.

"Gears of War" takes place on the planet Sera. A liquid called Imulsion became a highly valued power source after a scientist discovered how to use it, and the economic shockwave led to several wars between nations. The Coalition of Ordered Governments (COG) originally existed only as an obscure world-government philosophy, but it evolved into a legitimate, though minor, political party during the 79-year-long Pendulum Wars. The soldiers of the COG are called "Gears". After "Emergence Day" (E-Day), when the Locust began their attack on humanity, the COG were the ones who took the necessary steps to ensure the survival of human civilization, instituting martial law and taking charge of the effort against the Locust. Fourteen years later, the COG is the only human government left on Sera. One year after E-Day, after losing battle after battle against the Locust, the COG made the greatest sacrifice using the Hammer of Dawn on human cities giving the citizens of Sera three days to evacuate to the Jacinto Plateau, the only place Locust could no dig through, before going through with the attack.

The game primarily focuses on Marcus Fenix, the main character, and Delta Squad, consisting of Dominic "Dom" Santiago, Augustus Cole and Damon Baird. Side characters, such as Colonel Hoffman, Anthony Carmine, and Lieutenant Kim, also aid Delta Squad. Players take control of Fenix in the campaign; while in co-op mode, the second player controls Santiago. All four squad members are available for play during multiplayer games, along with Anthony Carmine, Minh Young Kim, and Victor Hoffman, in addition to the various Locust characters.

Marcus Fenix is voiced by John DiMaggio; Dominic Santiago is voiced by Carlos Ferro; and Augustus "Cole Train" Cole is voiced by Lester "The Mighty Rasta" Speight.

The game's plot begins fourteen years after Emergence Day (E-Day), when the Locust Horde overran and killed many COG soldiers and civilians, declaring war against humanity. Marcus Fenix, a former COG soldier, is reinstated into the military after spending four years in prison for abandoning his military post in order to make a vain attempt to save his father, Adam Fenix. Dominic "Dom" Santiago, Marcus' best friend and fellow COG, successfully extracts Fenix from the prison, and takes him to meet Delta Squad. The group seeks to obtain the "resonator", a device that will map "The Hollow", the caverns which the Locust inhabit and later deploy the "Lightmass Bomb", which will destroy the heart of the Locust forces inside the Hollow. Fenix and his allies recover the device, but suffer multiple casualties in the process including Anthony Carmine and Squad leader Kim. Fleeing RAAM's forces, Fenix leads the remaining soldiers through the ruins of Ephyra to claim a "Junker" APC, drive to a mining facility, and finally into the planet's depths.

Delta Squad successfully detonates the resonator, but the device fails to map enough of the tunnel network. They discover a larger map of the network that originates from Fenix's old home, specifically his father's laboratory. The group ventures to the Fenix estate at East Barricade Academy, where Fenix originally attempted to rescue his father. When they arrive, Delta encounters heavy Locust resistance. After collecting the data, the group fights their way past Locust forces and boards a train carrying the Lightmass Bomb. Fenix and Santiago battle their way through the train, and are able to defeat General RAAM, before uploading the data. Fully activated, the Lightmass Bomb launches into the Hollow, and eradicates the Locust tunnel networks. In the game's final sequence, Hoffman delivers a victory speech as the tunnels collapse and explode, whereupon the voice of the Locust Queen promises that the Locust will continue to fight onward, despite their losses.

The first concept for the game was conceived around the years 2000 and 2001 as "Unreal Warfare", which was much closer to the multiplayer-driven "Unreal" series than the game that would eventually become "Gears of War". The original concept for the game featured character classes and mechs, being played in a closed arena against other players or bots. The game was put on standby as Epic focused on the "Unreal Tournament" series, and when the team went back to it, the industry had shifted towards single-player games and the aim of the game was changed.

According to Rod Fergusson, the game was at one point intended to be a horror game influenced by "Band of Brothers", "Resident Evil 4" and "Kill Switch". A romance subplot was considered for the game but was eventually dropped. In an interview with Cliff Bleszinski, lead developer for Epic Games, he cites three games that were the primary influences in the game's design, including the pacing and over-the-shoulder third-person perspective from "Resident Evil 4" and the tactical-cover system from "Kill Switch"; Bleszinski also cited "Bionic Commando"s influence on the cover system, equating the actions of moving from cover to cover as similar to the action of swinging from platform to platform in the latter game. These design choices reflect themselves in the gameplay, as "Gears of War" focuses mainly on squad team-based and cover-dependent tactics with limited weapons rather than brute force. Bleszinski also cited the influence of "The Legend of Zelda", including its storytelling and world-building elements, acquiring and mastering of tools, and underground environments. The game's title itself is a homage to "Metal Gear", an early formative influence on Bleszinski. The total cost of development was $10 million, according to Epic's Mark Rein, and 20 to 30 people were involved with the development at any time. However, these figures do not include the proprietary Unreal Engine 3.

"Gears of War" was first shown as an unnamed exclusive for the Xbox 360 in a behind-closed-doors presentation by Epic Games at the 2005 Game Developers Conference. The demo was presented as a technology showcase for Unreal Engine 3 that would run on the Xenon processor at the center of the new Xbox. It showcased a group of human soldiers patrolling a city at night that fell under ambush. The demo was noted for its overall realism, suspense, and visual clarity, helping to reinforce the argument advanced by Epic Games' founder Tim Sweeney for Microsoft to double the memory in the Xbox 360 from the planned 256 MB to 512 MB. This decision that would ultimately cost Microsoft tens of millions of dollars and restrict the number of Xbox 360 consoles available at launch, but allowed "Gears of War" and many other Xbox 360 games to run at 720p resolution.

"Gears of War" lead designer Cliff Bleszinski said he hoped for the game to expand into graphic novels and eventually film. On November 21, 2006, Microsoft Corporate VP of Global Marketing and Interactive Entertainment Business Jeff Bell stated "Gears of War" is the first in a trilogy, through sequences on E-Day and the battle of Jacinto Plateau, as well as information on Adam Fenix and his research. Epic Games Vice President Mark Rein posted a message on the official "Gears of War" Internet forums, stating "It's not over until it is not fun anymore", and, in his view, "Gears of War" may become the next "Halo" series in terms of popularity.

The ending to "Gears of War" heavily suggested a sequel, and at the 2007 Game Developers Conference, Bleszinkski confirmed that Epic Games did "intend to do a sequel" to "Gears of War". The game's sequel, "Gears of War 2" was officially confirmed on February 20, 2008, and was released at midnight on November 7, 2008. On January 27, 2014 Microsoft announced that they have acquired all rights to the franchise from Epic Games and that Rod Fergusson had rejoined Microsoft Studios to lead development on future "Gears of War" games.

News of the franchise's future has emerged multiple times since the game's release. "PC Gamer" accidentally released an image in its 2006 holiday issue where "Gears of War" can be seen in a Games for Windows display, which led to suspicion that "Gears of War" would be released for the PC; however, the image was later stated to be a mock-up. Possible leaked pictures were released on February 13, 2007, leading to more suspicion of "Gears" on the PC. In an interview with Xbox fan site TeamXbox, Mark Rein stated that the game would eventually come to the PC; Epic was not currently ready to release it on that format, but the upcoming release of "Unreal Tournament 3" was "helping (Epic) get optimization on the PC".

On July 11, 2007 at the E3 conference, it was revealed that "Gears of War" would indeed be released for Windows. New features include three new multi-player maps, an extension of five new single-player chapters to act five which describes events of Delta Squad escaping a giant Brumak between acts four and five (which Mark Rein claims is "about 20 percent extra" over the existing Xbox 360 content), new game modes, a game editor, and Games for Windows – Live support integrated into Unreal Engine 3. When asked about bringing the additional content to the Xbox 360 version, Mark Rein of Epic Games stated that "it is unlikely we will bring that content to 360". He then states, "Unfortunately the version it's built on is not really compatible with the 360 and so it would involve a massive patch, a patch larger than all five we've done so far, to "Gears of War" to do that." Additionally, the PC and Xbox 360 versions will not allow for cross-platform play; Cliff Bleszinski stated that "while this feature does add value, it just wasn't that desired nor worth the extra months of design and development time. We want "Gears of War" to be out this holiday on PC." This news angered many owners of "Gears of War" on the Xbox 360 due to the game no longer living up to its "Exclusively for the Xbox 360" title and not receiving the additional content. Mark Rein noted that despite their original label of the game as an Xbox 360 exclusive, Microsoft allowed them to develop the game as part of the Games for Windows moniker, as has been done previously with "Halo 2".

A patch was released on November 28 to fix performance issues and also the Games for Windows – Live update issue. The patch was only released for American and Western European versions of the game; legitimate purchasers of the Eastern European and Russian versions were informed that "the game would continue to function without the patch" and never issued a corresponding version.

A macOS version was confirmed by Mark Rein at the end of E3, on the "Game Head" television program on July 14, 2007, along with "Unreal Tournament 3", but no release time frame was specified. As of August 2014, nothing more has been mentioned.

In early 2009, an issue with a digital certificate, used to sign certain game-critical files as part of the anti-cheat mechanism, which expired on January 28, 2009, rendered the game unplayable without a temporary workaround of resetting the system clock to before the certificate expired. Initial information from sources led people to believe the issue was related to DRM within the game. Epic later acknowledged the problem, claiming it was not in relation to a form of DRM but instead to a form of Anti-Cheat, and notified end users that they "[were] working with Microsoft to get it resolved." This issue was corrected as of February 6, 2009 with a downloadable patch.

The music was composed by Kevin Riepl who has previously worked with Epic Games on the soundtracks for "Unreal Tournament 2004" and "". Riepl began receiving early builds and cinematics about halfway through the development process, closely collaborating with the development team on the influence the music should have on the player and the story. The theme of 'Destroyed Beauty' that had inspired the game's visuals guided the music too, creating mood suited to a beautiful city in ruins and the emotional desperation of its inhabitants.

The score includes many mechanical percussive elements, altered samples of explosions, hits and impacts, and electric guitar stingers that punctuate the game's combat encounters. To complete the score these elements were combined with the organic sounds of a live orchestra. The orchestral score was orchestrated and conducted by Corey Status and performed by the Northwest Sinfonia orchestra. The title track was written and performed by thrash metal band Megadeth, with an instrumental version of the song being used for the soundtrack; a revised version with lyrics was featured on the band's 2007 album "United Abominations". Megadeth performed the track live as headliners of Gigantour, a twenty-five stop metal tour sponsored by Microsoft as part of the promotion for the game.

A soundtrack was released on July 31, 2007 by Sumthing Else Music Works.

Microsoft produced a thirty-minute documentary, titled "Gears of War: The Race to E3", that aired on MTV2 on May 19, 2006 to promote the game. The program was produced in a reality TV style and featured Cliff Bleszinski, Epic Games president Mike Capps, and producer Rod Fergusson in the weeks leading up to the "Gears of War" gameplay reveal at the Xbox Media Briefing at E3 2006. 
The program captures several stressful moments including Xbox executive Peter Moore's desire to remove the chainsaw rifle from the E3 demo days before the show. The chainsaw remained and after the demo was given Bill Gates confided to Cliff "I love that chainsaw."
The "Gears of War" television ad reveals Marcus Fenix alone in the ruined streets of Sera as he moves to avoid threats that appear throughout a dark and deserted city. The spot was widely praised and has been described as one of the most iconic game trailers of the last decade. The spot, set to the Gary Jules' cover of "Mad World" and directed by Joseph Kosinski, is melancholy and reflective in tone and was a significant departure for videogame advertising at the time, especially a fast-paced shooter game. Visual effects company Digital Domain created the visuals inside the Unreal Engine 3 game engine, the same engine that powered "Gears of War" on the Xbox 360. While the spot was pre-rendered, the production method gave consumers an accurate preview of the game's textures and subtle facial expressions.

The popularity of the commercial built a bigger audience for "Mad World" which would reach the #1 spot on iTunes five years after it was initially recorded. The melody remains heavily associated with the "Gears of War" franchise and was later adopted into the soundtrack of "Gears of War 3."

At the game's release, Epic Games released a "Limited Collectors Edition". Some of the notable differences are a steel case instead of the regular plastic case and an extra disc which contains artworks of environments and stages including Locust that did not made it to the game, and extra content and behind footage of the making of "Gears of War". The disc also contains a time-lapse on the creation of the "Emergence" mural. The game's disc and case has a different cover and instead features the "Omen" background. Another of the Collector's Edition extras is a book titled "Destroyed Beauty" which illustrates the game's back-story and includes concepts, sketches, and descriptions of the game's characters. The Collector's Edition also includes the same instruction manual and 48-hour Xbox Live Gold trial as the regular game does.

Epic Games began working on new content for "Gears of War" in August 2006. The updates would remain free according to Epic Games president Mike Capps. The first of these updates was released over Xbox Live on January 9, 2007, with two new maps released the following day on January 10, 2007. The two maps reflected background scenes from the game's storyline, known as "Raven Down" and "Old Bones", which depict Gears fighting Locust amidst the crash site of a "King Raven" chopper and a museum. Another update was released for "Gears of War" on January 22, 2007, which, according to Epic Games' Marc Rein, is said to fix some compatibility issues with the release of "Gears of War" in Japan, and that no game play or functionality features were changed.

On April 9, 2007, Epic Games released their third update, containing a new game mode titled "Annex", which requires teams to capture and hold certain areas of each map, as well as additional gameplay tweaks and fixing up some glitches, bugs and exploits. The update was free of charge.

Epic Games initially said that four new maps would be released in conjunction with the third patch. However, due to disagreements between Microsoft and Epic Games, Epic decided instead to "put these maps on sale at a reasonable price then make them free a few months later," according to Mark Rein of Epic Games. The map pack, titled "Hidden Fronts", was released on Xbox Live Marketplace on May 3, 2007, and included the maps "Bullet Marsh", "Garden", "Process", and "Subway". Free downloads of these maps were made available on September 3, 2007, four months after their initial release.

A fourth update on June 14, 2007 added 250 additional Achievement points (bringing the total possible achievement points to 1250), in eight Achievements related to Annex mode and the maps from "Hidden Fronts". Additionally, the update includes improvement of roadie run to keep the player from sticking to cover areas, and a patch to prevent the Annex clock from counting during connection errors. Other "housekeeping" issues were also addressed.

Upon its release, "Gears of War" received universal acclaim from critics, maintaining an average review score of 93.97% at GameRankings and 94/100 at Metacritic. It was the second highest rated game of 2006 on both sites. Most reviewers praised the game for its concept visuals, presentation and sound. IGN's review of the game called it "the most gorgeous looking game on the Xbox 360" and that "the sound design is worthy of awards."

While the game received high praise, reviewers did point out that "Gears of War" did not offer anything significantly new in its core gameplay. Eurogamer's review of the game states: "let's not pretend that we're wallowing in the future of entertainment. What we have here is an extremely competent action game that's as polished and refined as it could be, and is therefore very enjoyable. But if Epic had applied the same widescreen scope and ambition to the gameplay as it did to the engine we'd be much more excited than we are." The game's story was noted for not being very deep, as GameSpot's review states "The lack of exposition feels like a missed opportunity to make the characters and the setting even more compelling."

The PC release of the game received similar praise as the 360 version, with reviewers noting various differences between the two versions. IGN commented that "The mouse and keyboard allow for more precise control, and the graphics have been improved as well;" however, 1UP stated that "the control scheme's a very central obstacle" to the game. GameSpot noted that the additional chapter felt out of place as "it changes things up a bit in ways that betray the difficulty progression of the game." "Hyper"s Cam Shea commends the game for its "visual, solid gameplay, killer multiplayer and reload mechanics". However, he criticised it for "potential frustration, pointless squad commands and chainsaw mechanics".

The Lancer weapon was later featured in an "Electronic Gaming Monthly" article that discusses its practicality and historical precedents. Keirsey criticized this weapon by noting that in real life, "chainsaws are heavy." He noted that the closest historical precedents are "medieval bludgeoning weapons".

Leading up to the game's release, "Gears of War" was one of the most anticipated games of 2006. The game premiered during the 2005 E3 show, and won, among others, several "Best 360 Game" awards, including from IGN, 1UP, and GameSpy. The game continued to win several awards at following 2006 E3 show prior to the game's release. These included the Game Critics Awards for "Best Console Game" and "Best Action Game", IGN's "Best 360 Action Game", "Best 360 Multiplayer Game", and "Best Overall Multiplayer Experience", and GameSpy's "Best Console Multiplayer", "Best Action Game", and "Xbox 360 Game of Show".

Upon release, "Gears of War" received numerous awards from many publications. IGN named "Gears of War" as the "Xbox 360 Game of the Year" among other awards. GameSpot named the game its "Game of the Year" as well as "Best Xbox 360 Game", among other accolades. "Official Xbox Magazine" named "Gears of War" as their "Xbox 360 Game of the Year". G4 TV during the 2007 G-Phoria awards, named "Gears of War" its "Game of the Year" in addition to other awards.

"Gears of War" won several awards at the 2007 Interactive Achievement Awards at the D.I.C.E. Summit, including "Overall Game of the Year", "Console Game of the Year", and "Action/Adventure Game of the Year", and "Outstanding Achievements" in Animation, Art Direction, Visual Engineering, and Online Gameplay. The game received the awards of "Ultimate Game of the Year" and "Xbox Game of the Year" at the 2007 Golden Joystick Awards.

In addition, the characters within the game received additional awards. GameSpot gave their 2006 "Best New Character(s)" award to the Delta Squad of "Gears of War". G4 TV named Marcus Fenix the "Best New Character" and gave Lester Speight's performance for "Augustus 'Cole Train' Cole" the award for "Best Voiceover". The game was given the Interactive Achievement Award for "Outstanding Character Performance – Male" for its voicework. The Berserkers were named as "Official Xbox Magazine"s "Enemy of the Year".

Guinness World Records awarded "Gears of War" with 5 world records in the "Guinness World Records: Gamer's Edition 2008". These records include, "First Console Game to Use the Unreal 3 Engine", "Fastest Selling Original Xbox 360 Game", and "First Music Single to Top the Chart After Promoting a Video Game" for the Gary Jules version of "Mad World", which was originally released in 2003, but topped the download charts in November 2006 after it was used as background music during the TV commercial for "Gears of War".

"Gears of War" was an hit upon its release. On November 7, 2006—the day that it was released—it became the most popular game on the Xbox Live service, until the release of "Halo 3", overtaking "Halo 2" which had held the spot since its launch in November 2004. "Gears" was the second most-played game on the Xbox Live service throughout 2007. "Gears of War" sold one million copies in its first two weeks on sale making it the fastest-selling Xbox 360 game to date. By January 19, 2007, just ten weeks after its debut, over three million units of the game had been sold. It received a "Double Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 600,000 copies in the United Kingdom. As of November 7, 2008, the game has sold 5.88 million copies worldwide. "Gears of War" was also the first Xbox or Xbox 360 game to sell out and reach the top ten charts in Japan.

Leaked in April 2015, "Gears of War: Ultimate Edition" was confirmed in E3 2015 Microsoft's press conference. It was released worldwide for the Xbox One in North America and Asian-Pacific countries on August 25, 2015, and in Europe on August 28. "Ultimate Edition" is a near-complete remake of the original game, that features the five chapters of the campaign originally exclusive to the PC version of the game. Players who purchased the "Ultimate Edition" received early access to the multiplayer beta of "Gears of War 4", which was released on April 18, 2016. The re-mastered game was subsequently released for Microsoft Windows on March 1, 2016.

"Gears of War Ultimate Edition" was developed under the direction of series Rod Fergusson but is the first to be created at The Coalition, the Microsoft Studios studio charged with the continuation and development of the franchise following its acquisition by Microsoft from Epic Games in early 2014.

The remake took a total of 18 months, including pre-production, and included the remastering of over 3,000 art assets, original motion capture, and refinement of the control scheme. Only selected elements from the original were retained including the original score and voice performances. The remake's ending was also changed to show Myrrah, the Locust Queen.

The initial release of "Gears of War Ultimate Edition" suffered from significant display problems and stuttering on contemporary top-end hardware, leading to significant criticism of the developer and Microsoft's Universal Windows Platform. The problems partially related to the developer's transition of the game to DirectX 12 and the implementation of ambient occlusion. Driver updates and a patch from the studio significantly helped to address the issues.

On Xbox One X, when video resolution is set to 4K UHD, "Gears of War Ultimate Edition" suffers from brightness, color, and sharpness fluctuations. These fluctuations can be distracting to the player and significantly detract from the experience. As of January 2020, Microsoft has not issued a patch to address this issue. The only known workaround is to manually set the Xbox One X video resolution to 1080p when playing the game.

"Gears of War: Ultimate Edition" received generally positive reviews from critics. The improved graphics, sound & minimum changes from the original game were heavily praised, but was criticized for its AI problems & the dated campaign level design. Aggregate review website Metacritic assigned a score of 82/100 based on 74 reviews. GameSpot also gave the game a score of 7.0 out of 10 due to the fact that there wasn't major changes to the game other than graphics. IGN also gave the game a score 8.5 out of 10. Jeff Gerstmann from Giant Bomb, who reviewed the original game when he was at GameSpot, gave the title a negative review. He criticized the game's AI and the campaign mode, noting that it "aged pretty poorly".

In March 2007, New Line Cinema bought the rights to make a film adaptation, with Stuart Beattie writing the script along with Marty Bowen and Wyck Godfrey. In June 2008, Len Wiseman was confirmed to direct before dropping out in 2010. Since then, New Line have been looking for a new director and have allegedly lowered the budget.


</doc>
<doc id="1881425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1881425" title="Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain">
Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain

Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain is an action-adventure game developed by Silicon Knights and published by Crystal Dynamics, with distribution involvement from Activision and BMG Interactive. It was released for the PlayStation in 1996, and a Microsoft Windows port was developed by Semi Logic Entertainments and released jointly by Crystal Dynamics and Activision in 1997. The game is the first title in the "Legacy of Kain" series.

In "Blood Omen", the player follows Kain, a slain nobleman newly resurrected as a vampire. Seeking revenge against his murderers and a cure to his vampiric curse, Kain is tasked with traversing the fictional land of Nosgoth and slaughtering the Circle of Nine, a corrupt oligarchy of godlike sorcerers, but slowly begins to forsake humanity and view his transformation as a blessing.

Silicon Knights designed "Blood Omen" as "a game which adults would want to play", intending to evolve the action role-playing genre and bring artistic cinema to video game consoles. Reviewers praised its scope and storytelling, but criticized its lengthy loading times. After its release, a dispute arose concerning ownership of its intellectual property rights, after which Crystal Dynamics retained permission to continue the series with their 1999 sequel, "".

"Blood Omen" is a two-dimensional action-adventure game. The player controls the protagonist, Kain, from a top-down perspective. Gameplay is divided between outdoor traversal and dungeon crawls, entailing hack and slash combat, puzzle-solving, and navigating hazards. To advance the story, Kain must locate and defeat the members of the Circle of Nine—who act as boss enemies—and return their tokens to the Pillars of Nosgoth. Humans, animals, and a variety of fantasy creatures inhabit the game world, whom the player can typically elect to kill outright, or alternatively wound in order to feed on their blood. As a vampire, Kain is required to consume the red blood of living creatures to replenish his health meter, which gradually drains over time, and diminishes more quickly if he sustains damage. When he casts spells or shapeshifts, he expends magic energy—this recovers in time, and can be replenished by drinking the blue blood of ghostly enemies. Conversely, undead opponents relinquish harmful black blood, and demons and mutants yield green blood which poisons Kain, causing his health to deplete at a swifter rate.

Over the course of the main quest, Kain acquires many items and abilities, which facilitate increasingly nonlinear exploration. As he collects blood vials and rune pyramids, Kain's maximum blood and energy capacity rises. By drinking from blood fountains, he receives strength upgrades, faster magic regeneration, and immunity to weather effects. Weapons include iron and fire-elemental swords, a spiked mace, twin axes, and the Soul Reaver, a two-handed flamberge. Suits of iron, bone, chaos, flesh, and wraith armor feature, and each combination of equipment has advantages and drawbacks. Spells, in the form of magical tarot cards, are used in both strategic and practical contexts, their functions ranging from summoning artificial light to mind control and the evocation of lightning storms. Shapeshifting enables Kain to assume the forms of a bat, allowing for immediate travel to checkpoints; a wolf, with enhanced speed and the capacity to jump; a cloud of mist, which enables him to pass through gates and cross water; or a human, with which he can covertly interact with, or bypass, certain non-player characters. There are 100 secrets present in the game, logged if the player uncovers hidden areas, switches, and dungeons; these encompass spirit forges, at which Kain may donate a significant portion of his blood in exchange for powerful battle artifacts. A day and night cycle passes progressively—at night, Kain's attacks become more potent, and during full moon phases, some sealed doors become accessible.

"Blood Omen" introduces the land of Nosgoth, a fantasy setting dominated by humans and vampires. The health of the world is inextricably connected to the Pillars of Nosgoth—nine supernatural edifices, each one protected and represented by a human guardian. These sorcerers collectively comprise the Circle of Nine, and if a member dies, a new guardian is called to take their place by the Pillars. Hundreds of years prior to the events of the story, the Circle formed and sponsored the Sarafan, an order of monastic warriors devoted to eradicating the vampire race, and in the game's prologue, the vampire Vorador reacts vengefully by killing six of the guardians and defeating Malek, the Sarafan leader. Though the Sarafan disband, vampires continue to be persecuted.

In the intervening years, new guardians have been summoned, Nosgoth's surviving vampires have retreated into hiding, and humanity has separated into two opposing factions: the kingdom of Willendorf, inspired by Arthurian legend, and the Legions of the Nemesis, an all-conquering army determined to bring an end to civilization. When the guardian of balance, Ariel, dies at the hands of a mysterious, malevolent entity, her lover Nupraptor the Mentalist turns his powers against his fellow Circle members, tainting the incumbent guardians with irrevocable madness and leaving the Pillars corrupt. To restore balance to Nosgoth, Kain must overcome the Legions and kill the insane sorcerers; as each Circle member is purged and their token returned, their respective Pillar is cleansed, and when he heals all nine Pillars, replacement guardians can be born.

Kain (voiced by Simon Templeman), an ambitious, cynical young nobleman murdered and reluctantly raised as a vampire, is the protagonist of "Blood Omen". Conceived as an antihero whose nature reflects the story's moral ambiguity, Kain was partially modeled on the character of William Munny from the 1992 Clint Eastwood film, "Unforgiven". Mortanius the Necromancer (Tony Jay), an ancient wizard, resurrects Kain in a Faustian bargain, and serves as his enigmatic benefactor and semi-father figure throughout the game. The reclusive and decadent vampire Vorador (Paul Lukather) acts as a mentor and father figure to Kain, encouraging him to accept vampirism, whereas the specter of the deceased balance guardian, Ariel (Anna Gunn), directs Kain in his quest to restore the land. The corrupt guardians—such as Moebius the Time Streamer (Richard Doyle), a devious manipulator of history, and Malek the Paladin (Neil Ross), now an animated suit of armor eternally condemned to protect the Circle following his defeat against Vorador—feature as the villains in the game. Other major characters include King Ottmar (Ross), the ruler of Willendorf; The Nemesis (Jay), a once-benign monarch known as William the Just, turned despot and tyrant; and The Dark Entity (Jay), an otherworldly being capable of demonic possession who is the overall mastermind and a primary antagonist and final boss of "Blood Omen" who seeks to topple the Circle and the Pillars and establish the reign in Nosgoth.

During a journey, the human nobleman Kain is ambushed and killed by a band of assassins. Mortanius offers him the chance to exact revenge — Kain assents, heedless of the cost, and awakes as a vampire. Once he kills his attackers, Mortanius tells him that, while they were the instruments of his death, they were not the ultimate cause. In search of the truth, and a cure to his vampiric curse, Kain travels to the Pillars of Nosgoth. There, Ariel explains that he has to destroy the Circle of Nine before he can realize peace. Kain begins by tracking down and killing Nupraptor, and then confronts Malek, but their duel ends in a stalemate. To defeat Malek, Kain solicits the advice of the Oracle of Nosgoth. The Oracle forewarns him of the Legions of the Nemesis, and instructs him to seek out Vorador, Malek's old adversary. When the two meet, Vorador welcomes Kain, and offers his assistance, but urges the fledgling to embrace vampirism and refrain from interfering in the affairs of mankind.

Haunted by the elder vampire, who serves as an example of what he will become if he fails to find a cure, Kain persists, and, in a decisive showdown, Vorador vanquishes Malek while Kain kills Bane the Druid and DeJoule the Energist. Later, after he slays Azimuth the Planer and recovers a time-streaming device, Ariel informs Kain that he must instead prioritize the war against The Nemesis, whose armies threaten to conquer Willendorf. Kain convinces King Ottmar to rally his troops against the Legions in a final stand, but the battle proves disastrous. Ottmar perishes, the Willendorf forces are overwhelmed, and Kain, cornered, uses the time-streaming device to escape. He emerges 50 years in the past, and kills the younger version of The Nemesis from this era—the beloved King William the Just—to trigger a temporal paradox which expunges the Legions from the timestream. However, when Kain returns to the present day, he discovers that William's murder has sparked a renewed vampire purge.

The Oracle of Nosgoth — revealed to be Moebius the Time Streamer, a member of the Circle — leads the genocidal crusade, and, having masterminded Kain's actions from the outset, consummates his trap by executing Vorador. Kain kills Moebius, but is left the last of his kind. At the Pillars, he witnesses Mortanius arguing with Anarcrothe the Alchemist, who reveals that Mortanius is a guardian, and culpable for both Ariel and Kain's deaths. Seduced by The Dark Entity, Mortanius was unwillingly controlled and forced to kill Ariel. To correct the imbalance, he created Kain, a creature potent enough to destroy the Circle. Mortanius slays Anarcrothe, and then succumbs to possession from The Dark Entity (the latter one being responsible behind everything that happened in Nosgoth) whom Kain defeats. With only one Pillar left unrestored, Kain reaches an epiphany: he himself is the final insane Circle member, Ariel's unwitting successor as guardian of balance, culled in the brief interval between her death and the Pillars' corruption. The "cure" to vampirism which he sought is his own death.

Players can choose whether to heal the world — an ending in which Kain sacrifices his life, ensuring the extinction of the vampires and restoration of Nosgoth — or damn the world, in which case the Pillars collapse, leaving Nosgoth an irredeemable wasteland, with Kain fully embracing his curse and living on as the most powerful entity in the land. The latter choice is considered the canon ending leading to the rest of the series.

"Blood Omen" originated as "The Pillars of Nosgoth", a game proposal drafted circa 1993 by Silicon Knights president Denis Dyack and art director and writer Ken McCulloch. In 1993, while Silicon Knights completed work on "Dark Legions", Dyack met Crystal Dynamics producer Lyle Hall at a conference, and they shared their mutual ambition to build "epic" games with bigger budgets and higher expectations than the then-current industry standard. Several publishers were sent "The Pillars of Nosgoth", the science fiction concept "Too Human", and a third competing Silicon Knights pitch. "Too Human" was almost pursued, but Crystal Dynamics—who felt that the high fantasy genre was a preferable choice—made a deal with Silicon Knights to produce "The Pillars of Nosgoth". Design work continued for approximately six to eight months before both parties reached agreement on the most suitable video game console to publish for. Hall, who had been "instantly taken" by the project, thought that "it was obvious this game deserved a "[Legend of] Zelda"-style take on a vampire action RPG", and assisted Dyack in convincing Crystal Dynamics to choose the newly announced PlayStation over the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer and Sega Saturn. Dyack and Hall believed that "Blood Omen" could help to evolve the action role-playing genre through strong writing and artistic, cinematic flair—Dyack summarized it as a game which adults would want to play.

Central influences included vampire mythology, William Shakespeare's plays, themes of ethical dilemma in the film "Unforgiven", the visceral qualities of the "Necroscope" novels, and the intricate plot of "The Wheel of Time" book series. Although antiheroes were previously uncommon in action-adventure games, Silicon Knights rejected concerns that the character of Kain was too unconventional and the story too ambitious. The developers endorsed the narrative motif, "what is evil? Perhaps it is merely a perspective", and hoped to determine how players would react in "a world where [they] had to kill innocents to survive". McCulloch, who wrote the majority of in-game texts, was urged by marketer colleagues to give characters more accessible names—he described some, such as Mortanius, as "Names from Hell", which were difficult to get past the "marketing censor". Cover art for the historical novel "The Pillars of the Earth" served as the inspiration behind the Pillars of Nosgoth. The Soul Reaver sword, which was originally conceived as a weapon for "Too Human", was transferred to "Blood Omen"'s fictional universe, and would become a mainstay weapon in subsequent games in the "Legacy of Kain" series.

The developers undertook a talent search for the game's voice cast, listening to dozens of tapes submitted by Hollywood voice actors. Before the game's voice-over was recorded, Dyack expressed concern that the actors cast would be unable to convey McCulloch's complex dialogue. He later said, however, that their performances "blew him away", commenting that "after five minutes with Simon Templeman [...] we knew that there was no problem".

"Blood Omen"'s extended 3.5-year development period obliged Silicon Knights to double staff levels, and Crystal Dynamics flew employees to Canada to assist in their design work for over six months—this delegation was left to procure their own off-site accommodation, resulting in "great personal sacrifice". Prior to shipping, Activision and BMG Interactive reached arrangements with Crystal Dynamics to manufacture and distribute the product in various territories. In what they described as "a first in the industry", Silicon Knights added an opening credit to fully clarify that they were responsible for developing the game's concept, story, and content. "After Herculean efforts", having received promotion at the 1995 and 1996 E3 trade fairs, "Blood Omen" was released for the PlayStation in November 1996.

Activision and Crystal Dynamics published a Microsoft Windows port, developed by Semi Logic Entertainments, in 1997. Work on a Saturn version was also commenced by Silicon Knights after the initial release. Employees at Crystal Dynamics, including Steve Groll, stated that the Saturn version was completed but that they could not find a publisher willing to release it. The Silicon Knights website insisted that this "was simply not true" and that the Saturn version was never finished.

"Blood Omen" was named the best game showcased at the inaugural E3 fair by "DieHard GameFan" in 1995. A 2011 court filing revealed that it sold at least 320,082 units historically; Silicon Knights claimed it had sold 2 million copies in its lifetime, but did not substantiate this figure. Crystal Dynamics viewed its commercial performance as "immensely successful", and remarkable for the time.

Review aggregator site GameRankings assigned the PlayStation version of the game an average rating of 83.25%. While critics awarded it high praise for its premise, audio, and scope, they commonly cited shortcomings in its graphics and technical aspects. Jeff Gerstmann of GameSpot appreciated its sound design and challenging gameplay, though he disapproved of its overhead perspective. IGN's staff discussed problems with the controls, but referenced the "intense story", atmosphere, and longevity of playtime as positives. The reviewer for "Next Generation" made a favorable comparison to the 1985 hack and slash game "Gauntlet", remarking on "Blood Omen"'s unique design elements, and the high production values behind its "huge and extremely gory" game world. The four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" were all enthusiastic about the game, citing its morbid tone, epic length, and strong plot. "GamePro"s Bro' Buzz remarked that "The hauntingly compelling storyline triumphs over somewhat plodding action." He elaborated that the scrolling is jerky and unpredictable, at times forcing the player to engage in blind dueling along the edge of the screen. However, he highly praised the visual impact of both the cinematics and the backgrounds. 1UP.com's staff lauded the game in their synopsis, saying it offered "the best plot of any PlayStation game to date". They acknowledged its "moody" graphics and sound design, describing its art as "beautifully rendered", and its music as "genius".

Comparative to the original release, the Windows port received slightly lower scores on average, with an aggregate score of 82%. GameSpot's Greg Kasavin praised Kain as "the perfect antihero", and his story as "unique, involving, and epic in proportion", but said "the game itself doesn't quite keep up", hindered by sluggish controls and technological limitations. Despite deeming its linearity a flaw, Baldric of Game Revolution regarded the plot as intelligent and thoughtful. His enjoyment of the story's "surprisingly amoral" subject matter accorded with the opinion of David Laprad of "The Adrenaline Vault", who praised its thematic depth, well-developed narrative and characters, and structured design; he said "impressive symmetry pervades the game". However, Laprad found fault in the dated graphics, controls, and interface. Hugh Falk of "PC Gamer" echoed a complaint raised by both Gerstmann and "Electronic Gaming Monthly" that the graphics are excessively dark, and was disappointed in the artificial intelligence, but dismissed these as "minor" grievances with the conclusion that "Blood Omen" was an excellent entry in the role-playing genre.

The game's cinematics and voice direction were considered exceptional by many publications, particularly relative to other titles of the day. 1UP.com's writers referred to the cast as "actual talent" comparative to other actors in the medium. Some reviewers, though, described the PlayStation iteration's loading times as particularly exorbitant and unsatisfactory. "Next Generation" and Bro' Buzz both decried these as "noticeable and at times intrusive", while IGN rebuked them as "agonizing", but said that they are common to disc-based games, and reasonably unobtrusive in "Blood Omen". Dyack rationalized the slowdown as a consequence of the PlayStation's random-access memory constraints on video data. Baldric noted in his review that the Windows port alleviated, but did not fully amend, the issue.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that ""Kain" for PC can be controlled by keyboard (less than ideal) or joystick (better), but a joypad is still best. Given this, and barring a screaming Pentium, the PC version just isn't nearly as good as what's already available on console."

"Electronic Gaming Monthly" named "Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain" Role-Playing Game of the Year, explaining that, "This was a close race with "Suikoden", but the dark and violent nature of Kain won. ... The excellent voice work, as well as the foreboding and violent cinemas, produced the perfect mood."

By the time "Blood Omen" was released, Crystal Dynamics had already secured a deal with Activision to publish a sequel. "Blood Omen" did receive a sequel, but its production was impeded by a litigious battle between the game's stakeholders and developer. In an interview conducted shortly after the PlayStation release, Dyack contemplated the possibility of creating a prequel centered around the character of Vorador—referring to it as part of the ""Blood Omen" series"—but mentioned that it was "extremely unlikely" that Silicon Knights would work with Crystal Dynamics again. Subsequently, the relationship between both parties dissolved, and Crystal Dynamics—who had withdrawn from software publishing to focus exclusively on game development—announced their own follow-up in the form of "". In 1997, GameSpot divulged that Silicon Knights had filed a lawsuit against their former partner for ownership of the series, requesting an injunction to prevent Crystal Dynamics from publicizing "Soul Reaver". Silicon Knights, they reported, accused Crystal Dynamics of plagiarizing their concept for a sequel.

The dispute was settled in private, with Crystal Dynamics retaining the rights to the game, and permission to create derivative work using its characters, provided they credit Silicon Knights as the developer of "Blood Omen" in their sequel. Crystal Dynamics was acquired by Eidos Interactive, who published "Soul Reaver" in 1999 to critical acclaim and commercial success. Later, it publicly emerged that "Soul Reaver" had never been a Silicon Knights concept. It originated as "Shifter"—an unrelated project inspired by Biblical mythology, devised by Crystal Dynamics' Amy Hennig and Seth Carus (both of whom had worked as designers on "Blood Omen")—whose team, initially reluctantly, reworked it into a "Blood Omen" sequel at the request of company management. Successive titles in what was now the "Legacy of Kain" series were produced by Crystal Dynamics and Eidos, whereas Silicon Knights walked away from the franchise to begin work on "Too Human", and later "".

In 2012, NeoGAF member Mama Robotnik highlighted public records of the 1997 court case. During the proceedings, Silicon Knights stated that they had ceded the "Blood Omen" intellectual property to Crystal Dynamics under "financial duress". Among other assertions, they claimed that Crystal Dynamics had breached an agreement in late 1996 by selling certain publishing rights to the game—and any potential sequels—to Activision for $2,000,000. Silicon Knights alleged that Crystal Dynamics had failed to inform them of their intention to leave the publishing business, and had misrepresented themselves to Activision as "Blood Omen"'s developer. The documents revealed that Activision commissioned Crystal Dynamics to develop a project codenamed ""Kain II"", but—dissatisfied with its quality—contracted Silicon Knights to create a competing proposal. Supposedly, Crystal Dynamics then disparaged Silicon Knights to Activision, while directly, and indirectly, approaching some of its staff to join them in working on their prototype.

When the case was resolved, control of the "Legacy of Kain" trademark belonged to Crystal Dynamics, and "Kain II" was either canceled or superseded when "Shifter" became "Soul Reaver". Though Crystal Dynamics staff who worked on "Soul Reaver" declined to comment on the discovery, Dyack had previously affirmed that "[they] tried to take it over". He said that "many people ask us if we like the direction they have gone in but it is so alien to what we created it is pointless to answer now. We understand that some people love the Soul Reaver series and we think that is great. However, it is not what we would ever have done". In a 2008 interview, he elaborated his sentiment that "if you look at Legacy of Kain where it is right now -- so diluted, so dysfunctional -- as a property itself, it's pretty much gone in a completely different direction than we would have ever taken it. [...] Even if the developer's good, and I think Crystal Dynamics is not a bad developer, you get this dilution of the content, because the original author is gone".

On January 10, 2020, Denis Dyack announced a spiritual successor to Legacy of Kain called Deadhaus Sonata, which is a free-to-play cooperative action role playing video game.



</doc>
<doc id="1884071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1884071" title="Call of Duty 2">
Call of Duty 2

Call of Duty 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision in most regions of the world. It is the second installment of the "Call of Duty" series. Announced by Activision on April 7, 2005, the game was released on October 25, 2005 for Microsoft Windows, and on November 22, 2005 as a launch title for the Xbox 360. Other versions were eventually released for OS X, mobile phones, and Pocket PCs.

The game is set during World War II and the campaign mode is experienced through the perspectives of four soldiers: one in the Red Army, one in the United States Army, and two in the British Army. It contains four individual campaigns, split into three stories, with a total of 27 missions. Many features were added and changed from the original "Call of Duty", notably regenerating health and an icon that indicates a nearby grenade about to explode.

The game drew critical praise, particularly for the graphics, sound and the regenerating health system. As a launch game, the Xbox 360 version sold over 250,000 copies in its first week, and had sold over 2 million copies by January 2008. By November 2013, the game had sold over 5.9 million copies.

"Call of Duty 2 "is a first-person shooter that has a single-player story mode and a multiplayer mode. The player takes on the roles of several Allied protagonists in specific missions during World War II. The player can crouch and lie prone, and is able to scale low walls and other obstacles. Two firearms can be carried, which can be swapped with those left on the battlefield, and both fragmentation and smoke grenades can also be carried. A gun's iron sights can be used to aim more accurately. A compass on the heads-up display (HUD) shows both allies and enemies, and objective markers to indicate locations the player must reach, areas to defend, or enemy cannons or tanks that the player must plant explosives on to disable. Emplaced weapons such as machine guns and flak cannons are available in some locations to take out enemy troops. In addition, some missions place the player in control of a tank.

The player has a set of binoculars. While it is generally ignored during infantry-limited gameplay, it is vital to the long-range use of the Crusader tanks and one of the missions in which the player must direct artillery fire to defend a town. It is also important for scouting, though most of the game takes place in personal, close combat situations reducing the importance of this tactic.

Should the player take severe damage, the screen will turn red and the sound of the character's heartbeat will increase in volume; this indicates the player's health is low. The player must find a way to stay out of fire to recover before entering battle again or else will die and restart from the last checkpoint. Health is only restored through automatic recharging when the player is not taking fire. Some attacks, such as explosions from grenades or shells, will kill the player instantly if the player is too close.

In April 2006, Infinity Ward released the "Call of Duty 2" Radiant, which allows a player to create their own multiplayer or single-player maps. Along with Radiant, the mapmaker includes Maya plug-in support, an effects editor, and an asset manager which allows custom models to be made and imported into the game, as well as custom effects.

"Call of Duty 2" contains three individual campaigns, fought in the roles of four World War II soldiers, for a total of 27 missions. The game has four difficulty levels: Easy, Regular, Hardened, and Veteran.

"Call of Duty 2" features several game types: Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Search & Destroy, Capture the Flag and Headquarters. The maps include Normandy, Africa, and Russia. Each team can choose a variety of weapons, depending on the map. Players can choose between American soldiers, Soviet soldiers, and British soldiers for the Allied forces, while the Axis forces must play as German soldiers.

Each PC multiplayer server can hold a maximum of sixty-four players, while the limit is eight players on Xbox. In the Xbox 360 version, players can play on Xbox Live and get new map packs. There are a total of thirteen official maps, and three of these are remakes from the original "Call of Duty". There are also three extra map packs named Bonus Pack, Skirmish Pack, and Invasion Pack, adding a total of eight maps.

The player controls Private Vasili Koslov of the 13th Guards Rifle Division, initially involved in the defense of Moscow from the advancing German forces. The next level involves the destruction of a German stronghold in Stalingrad during September 1942. The next objective involves battling for strongholds throughout Stalingrad throughout December 1942, including re-connecting cut telephone wires and re-capturing the rail-yard and train-station. The final mission takes place during the final Soviet offensive in Stalingrad in January 1943, which involves the re-capture and defense of city blocks and Stalingrad city hall.

The player controls a British soldier, Sergeant John Davis of the 7th Armoured Division in North Africa, led by Captain Price. The first level has the player taking part in a sneak attack on German Afrika Korps troops, ending with the destruction of a German supply station. The next level has the player defending a town from overwhelming numbers of Germans sending counter attacks from North, West, South and East; finally achieving victory by destroying much of the German tank force using artillery. This is followed by the Second Battle of El Alamein, during which the player has to fight through several trenches, machine gun nests, 88 millimeter guns and finally taking the German field headquarters. The assault on El Dabaa to intercept the remaining Germans in Egypt and destroy several 88 millimeter guns soon follows, ending the first British campaign. An addendum to the second set of missions has the player taking on the role of a British tank commander, David Welsh, while engaging enemies in Libya. The first mission of the third campaign in Toujane, Tunisia, has the player immediately under fire, holding a house until they break out and rendezvous with the second squad. They then retake Toujane with reinforcements the next day all before assaulting Matmata. The final British campaign takes place during the Battle for Caen as part of Operation Overlord.

As Corporal Bill Taylor of the 2nd Ranger Battalion, the player starts off by playing a part in D-Day, at the assault of Pointe du Hoc, to destroy a German artillery battery, and hold it against a massive German counter-offensive in the following mission. Soon after, the player captures a nearby town and serves as a sniper against mortar crews until reinforcements arrive. The second objective is focused on Hill 400, involving the capture of Bergstein, a disastrous charge at Hill 400's bunkers and the defense against the German counterattack, with the player again performing sniper work against German mortar teams, destroying enemy armor, and generally holding the hill against the counter-offensive, all the while burdened by artillery and overwhelming numbers of German soldiers. The final mission is set amongst the Americans in the Rhine River crossing into Germany. It begins as one of the few missions with the player immediately under fire, providing cover fire against the Germans until reaching the river banks and then fighting through most of the town. The final fight has the player defeat two German Tiger I's.

The end credits depict the dramatic rescue of Captain Price from the Germans by a group of American soldiers. After the credits end, the words "No cows were harmed in the making of this game" appear, as in the original "Call of Duty". This is a reference to the dead cattle visible in the Normandy missions.

On April 7, 2005, Activision announced that Infinity Ward was developing "Call of Duty 2", set for release in fall 2005 for PC. It had been speculated that Infinity Ward was developing the sequel at the same time as Gray Matter Interactive developed "Call of Duty: United Offensive". Infinity Ward president Grant Collier said:

The press release said players would engage enemies in a less linear battlefield, tackle the major battles chronologically, and use squad tactics not available in previous "Call of Duty" games. Infinity Ward also confirmed making a "Battle Chatter System", similar to "", where squad members converse to create situational awareness.

The game engine—proprietary IW engine 2.0—is a modified version of id Tech 3, which was used in the first "Call of Duty" game. With the new game engine, Infinity Ward expanded the scope of combat to deliver a realistic battlefield experience and improved the visuals. The developers were able to cloud visibility with smoke from smoke grenades and create weather effects like dusty sandstorms and whiteout blizzard.

The game was known to "let players experience four individual soldier stories as they overcome insurmountable odds in multiple campaigns. Players have the freedom to follow each of the four storylines through for the ultimate character-driven experience, or they can engage in the historic battles chronologically for quick hitting action. Squads now have the freedom to take on a variety of mission objectives, on expansive battlefields that allow for multiple paths and the ability to utilize actual combat tactics like outflanking and fire and maneuver capabilities".

"Call of Duty 2" was going to be more immersive than the original "Call of Duty". Vince Zampella, creative director of Infinity Ward, said, "We didn't want to take any of the parts out that made "Call of Duty" so good. But there were a couple of things that we admit could have been done better". A demo of the game showed a more open gameplay style and a better AI for the enemies, who would actively go after the player. There are a set number of enemies set on the map that will begin reacting to the player's presence once the first shot has been fired. Groups of enemies farther away send units up to see what is happening and add to the combat while enemies directly in front of the player will join in and take cover quickly.

Infinity Ward spent a lot of time on WWII battlefields, which led them to scrap whole levels for parts of the game that took place in France, since they found the location a lot different than what they imagined.

One of the details the team added are post-war effects that continue on the battlefield throughout the game, where dust and smoke continue to roll through the streets, clouding up vision, and junk and debris scattered everywhere. The game has sound attenuation, with a 5.1 surround sound system, and context sensitive dialog, with a total of twenty-thousand lines of dialog. Each of the soldiers fighting alongside the player will call out the position of enemy soldiers, warn of flank attacks, and help out in ways that were not possible in the first game of the series. Zampella said, "We really wanted realistic battle chatter going that's not only entertaining, but actually adds to the gaming experience. So now you'll hear your guys telling you that there's [sic] two guys hiding behind that rusty car in the street or that there are people on the second floor of a building".

A small grayed-out grenade icon appears in the center of the screen when the player is near a grenade, with an arrow pointing in the direction of the grenade. Enemies can sometimes seem to be dead when they are not, where the enemy can still wield his side arm and fire at the player, known as Last Stand, which would later become a perk available to players in the multiplayer of subsequent games.

The game was showcased in E3 in 2005 and was announced as a launch title for the upcoming Xbox 360.

"Call of Duty 2" received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. The graphics and sound were widely praised and the reactions to the regenerating health system were mostly positive, with reviewers from GameSpot and "GamePro" calling it an improvement over the previous health bar system.

For the Xbox 360 version, IGN's Douglass C. Perry described the presentation as "classy and well-produced", and said the graphics were some of the best on the Xbox 360 at its launch. He called the sound effects "unbelievable", whilst the gameplay was described as containing an "enormous amount of action". GameSpot reviewer Bob Colayco summarized his review by stating that "Call of Duty 2" has "smooth, detailed graphics and great sound", as well as praising the artificial intelligence, realism, and variety in the campaign. "GamePro" called the game "breathtaking", and commended the game for its "strikingly realistic detail on weapons and walls, emphasized by normal mapping, exceptional shading and lighting, specular highlights, and some absolutely phenomenal particle effects". GameSpy editor Will Tuttle called it "One of the finest FPSs ever created. Thanks to a combination of sharp visuals, teeth-rattling sound effects, and tricky enemy AI, you'll be on the edge of your seat from the moment you're dropped into combat until your dying breath".

For the PC version, IGN editor Tom McNamara was impressed with the presentation and graphics, describing them as "Excellent" and "smooth" respectively. He also said the graphics did not suffer "from also being developed for the 360". McNamara also praised the sound, describing it as "sad music, encompassing battle noise, and excellent voice work". Bob Colayco of GameSpot also reviewed the PC version of the game, as he did its Xbox 360 counterpart. Colayco again commended the sound, calling the presentation of the game "excellent", as well as praising the aggression of the artificial intelligence. Unlike in his review of the Xbox 360 version, Colayco felt the multiplayer aspect was "fun". His main critique was for performance, stating "performance can chug at times". GameSpy's Sal Accardo noted "Instead of feeling like a stale retread [of the original "Call of Duty"] or losing steam halfway through, it manages to be a blast from start to finish". GamesRadar Joshua Latendresse called the single-player campaign "stunning" and cited that the multiplayer was even better.

Despite this praise, McNamara of IGN commented that he finds implementing regenerating health to be "a little troublesome", and that it allows players to "experience a kind of combat only a mythical super-soldier could withstand" which, therefore, "propels the game from gritty authenticity to John Woo fantasy". GameSpot's Colayco was critical of the game's pricing, stating it had a "higher pricepoint than its PC counterpart". He also complained that the multiplayer aspect could only support eight players. For the PC version, his main critique was for performance, stating "performance can chug at times". The PC version multiplayer was criticized as being a step back from that of "".

"Call of Duty 2" was the most popular launch title on the Xbox 360, with 200,000 units sold in its first week of availability. 77% of people who purchased an Xbox 360 also purchased the game, which contributed to its high sales. As of July 2006, 1.4 million copies of the game had been sold on the Xbox 360. By January 2008, the game had sold 2 million copies. By November 2013, the game had sold 5.9 million copies.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" named "Call of Duty 2" the seventh-best computer game of 2005. They called it "the ultimate WWII shooter".

A television advertisement for "Call of Duty 2" was the subject of some controversy in 2006. The commercial, created by a Los Angeles animation studio Rhythm and Hues Studios, depicted a first-person view of events that were supposed to transpire during the game, rather than scenes from the game itself. Some consumers felt that the advertisements were misleading, and in February 2006 the United Kingdom's Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) demanded that networks remove the advertisements after three consumers filed complaints of false advertising. According to ASA spokesperson Donna Mitchell, "Viewers felt that the ad was misleading because the quality of graphics was superior to that of the game's". Activision denies that the scenes were meant to give an impression of gameplay, stating in a press release shortly after the ASA banning that "The footage was intended purely to communicate the subject matter of the game rather than to represent actual gameplay".

A collector's edition of the game was released for Windows on October 25, 2005 and for the Xbox 360 labeled as the "Special Edition". It features the game and a bonus disc, which includes interviews, a making of the movie and two mission walkthroughs. On May 17, 2006, Activision announced a Game of the Year Edition for the Xbox 360, which includes material from the Special Edition, plus a token to download the Skirmish Map Pack. In January 2006, MFORMA (now Hands-On Mobile) released "Call of Duty 2" for mobile phones. The mobile version is a 2D top-down shooter. It received a favorable review from IGN, praising its length and storytelling.



</doc>
<doc id="1885110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1885110" title="Virtua Fighter 2">
Virtua Fighter 2

"Virtua Fighter 2" was known for its breakthrough graphics. It used Sega's Model 2 arcade hardware to run the game at 60 frames per second at a high resolution with no slowdown (by comparison, the original "Virtua Fighter" ran at 30 frames per second). It introduced the use of texture-mapped 3D characters, and motion capture animation technology. The Saturn version was also well-received for its graphics and gameplay. It became a huge hit in Japan and sold relatively well in other markets, notably the UK.

The arena size could be adjusted up to a very small platform or all the way to 82 meters (269 feet). This is the only game in the series—other than "Virtua Fighter Remix"—that could have such size adjustments. The physical energy meter could also be adjusted to infinity, giving the player the advantage when beating opponents or practicing moves against the computer player. Adjusting the arena to a smaller size and giving the characters infinite health could lead to mock sumo matches, wherein victory is achieved by knocking the other player's character out of the ring.


Virtua Fighter 2 is a 3D 1v1 fighting game, similar in concept to other games of the series.

Players select a character, and attempt to use that character to overcome a series of opponents. This can be done by simply knocking the other character out (by dealing enough damage), or by knocking them out of the square "ring" in which the fights take place. Each fight takes place over a number of rounds; typically 3 rounds in a best-of-3 approach (though this can be varied).

Each character has their own fighting style, loosely based on various real-world fighting methods, such as wrestling or eastern styles. Characters each have many unique moves; however, like in the original Virtua Fighter, many of the characters share a number of moves with another character (for instance, Lau Chan and Pai Chan each practice similar forms of Kung Fu).

In addition, the entire roster of characters shares certain moves and functions; for instance, every character has a basic throw that can be executed by pressing the guard and punch buttons simultaneously.

The game introduces two new characters to the roster; Lion Rafale, an expert in mantis-style, and Shun Di, the Drunken Kung Fu master. Shun and Lion came with a special feature; the ability to perform "axis strikes" in which they would move around the attacks of other characters, accentuating the game's 3D nature.

Virtua Fighter 2 is played with an eight-way stick to control character movement, and three buttons (guard, punch and kick), which are used in various motions to pull off a character's signature attacks.

In addition to the visual upgrade over its predecessor, which was considerable, Virtua Fighter 2 massively expanded the number and variety of attacks possessed by each character, including the addition of counter-attacks and the ability to prevent throws (with very quick reactions required on part of the player).

Virtua Fighter 2 presents no narrative in-game; there is no story-based intro sequence, no narrative character endings and very little text to supply much of a plot. However, the game was given a story in its supporting material, such as the manual for the Sega Saturn version.

Virtua Fighter 2 hinges around a fighting tournament, where the greatest fighters in the world seek to compete for fame and glory. However, the tournament is organised by the sinister "J6" syndicate, who intend to use the information gathered to perfect their fighting cyborg "Dural" (the game's boss, who uses a move-set made up of other character's moves).

The game took Sega AM2 roughly 12 months to develop. The developers designed four new characters, only two of which, Lion and Shun, made it into the final game.

In a 1995 interview, head developer Yu Suzuki said "Virtua Fighter 2" was his favorite of all the games he had made, elaborating that he was particularly pleased with the way the polygonal graphics "added a sense of reality" to the characters' motions, and the addition of counterattacks.

At the beginning of 1995, Sega AM2's Sega Saturn division was split into three sub-departments, each one charged with porting a different arcade game to the Saturn: "Virtua Fighter 2", "Virtua Cop", and "Daytona USA". Due to unexpectedly slow progress in the "Daytona USA" port, a number of members of the "Virtua Fighter 2" team were reassigned to "Daytona USA". In March, AM2 Research completed the Sega Graphics Library, a Saturn operating system which made it feasible to create a near-arcade perfect port of "Virtua Fighter 2" for the Saturn.

After completing the "Daytona USA" port in April, the team took a short holiday before beginning work on the "Virtua Fighter 2" conversion in earnest. In June, AM2 gave the first public demonstration of Saturn "Virtua Fighter 2" at the Tokyo Toy Show. To increase confidence in the accuracy of the port, they displayed non-playable demos of the characters Lion, Shun, Pai, and Lau running on the Saturn hardware at 60 frames per second - the same speed as the arcade version.

However, AM2 continued to face problems in creating an accurate port for the Saturn. Due to the high number of moves in "Virtua Fighter 2", months had to be spent on developing compression techniques in order to fit all of the game's moves onto a single CD. Also, in order to maintain the 60 frames per second, the Saturn version could not use nearly as many polygons as the arcade version. To make this difference less apparent, the programming team used texture mapping on the characters, taking advantage of the fact that the Saturn could map 16 different colors to each polygon, whereas the Model Two arcade hardware could map only 1. In addition, the polygon background objects of the arcade version were replaced with parallax scrolling playfields with selective scaling. The AM2 team also used data from "Virtua Fighter Remix" as a reference for some elements. In an interview during development, Keiji Okayasu discussed the team's struggles with getting the Saturn version to run at 60 frames per second: 

By the end of September, hit detection had been enabled, and the now fully playable conversion was displayed at the JAMMA show. Taking into account audience reactions at the JAMMA show, the team spent the next two months on final adjustments, play-testing, and the addition of Saturn-specific options. Development on the port was completed in November 1995.

"Virtua Fighter 2.1" is a revised version featuring re-tweaked gameplay, slightly enhanced graphics and the ability to play as Dural. Though it was never released outside Japan, it is possible to switch to the 2.1 game mechanics in the Saturn and PC ports; however, none of the other features are updated. This version was also released in the Sega Ages 2500 series.

The Saturn port was scheduled for a December 1995 release in Europe, in time for the crucial Christmas shopping season, but it did not appear until the end of the following January.

In Japan, a Virtua Fighter 2 "CG Portrait Series" of discs were released for the Saturn. Each of the 11 discs (one for each playable character) contains a slideshow of high-resolution CG stills of the character engaged in non-fighting activities such as playing pool or eating ice cream, backed by a Japanese pop song, as well as a karaoke mode.

The Genesis/Mega Drive version is a 2-D remake which includes moves from the original "Virtua Fighter".

According to Sega, over 2,500 "Virtua Fighter 2" stand-up units were sold to arcades in its first 18 months on the market.

Sega reported pre-orders of 1.5 million units for the Saturn version of "Virtua Fighter 2" in Japan, which is nearly as many of the number of Saturns that had been sold in Japan at that point. At the time of its release, "Virtua Fighter 2" was the top-selling game for the Saturn, and remains the highest selling Saturn game in Japan with 1.7 million copies. In the US, the game was bundled with various Saturn consoles for a while alongside "Daytona USA" and "Virtua Cop", which helped boost the Saturn's sales.

"Virtua Fighter 2" was critically acclaimed upon release. "Next Generation" gave the game a perfect 5/5 stars, calling it "the ultimate arcade translation" and "the best fighting game ever." The magazine cited its "accurate representation of 10 very distinct and realistic fighting styles", "remarkable AI", and "a general attention to detail that sets a new mark for quality game design." "Sega Saturn Magazine" gave the Saturn version a 98%, citing the smooth frame rate, the realistically varied reactions to blows, the huge variety of moves, and the addition of features such as Team Battle Mode. Similarly praising the variety of moves and the accuracy of the port, Game Revolution gave the Saturn version an A and concluded that ""Virtua Fighter 2" for the Saturn looks better and smoother than any other polygonal fighting game for the next generation systems. This just might be the best home console fighting game ever." "GamePro"s Scary Larry called it "the game to own if you have a Saturn", citing the authentic fighting styles and moves, the new modes, the realistic animations with strong attention to detail, and the easy to master controls. He gave it a perfect score in all four categories (graphics, sound, control, and FunFactor).

The four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" felt the port was not as arcade perfect as it could have been, but highly praised the wealth of options and modes, with two of their reviewers declaring it by far the best fighting game on the Saturn thus far. "Game Informer"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Andy, Reiner and Paul praised "Virtua Fighter 2" for its depth and variety, but criticized inferior background details in the Saturn port, while Paul also felt that the original "Virtua Fighter" required more strategy. "Maximum" described the port as "remarkably similar to its coin-op parent - a game that's running on hardware that's 20 times more expensive than the Sega Saturn." They particularly praised the high-resolution graphics, smooth frame rate, "breathtaking" variety of moves, and the numerous Saturn-exclusive modes and options. With their one criticism being the very vulnerable opponent AI, they gave it their "Maximum Game of the Month" award.

GameSpot gave the PC version a 8.1/10. Praising the game's realism, depth, and opponent AI, and the PC version's inclusion of online multiplayer, they deemed it "unquestionably the best fighting game on the PC, and certainly one of the finest fighting games of all time", adding that the PC version "rivals even the excellent Sega Saturn console port." The PlayStation 2 port of the game was criticized for failing to be faithful to the original arcade version.

Retrospective feedback on the Saturn version has continued to gather praise. GamesRadar ranked it the third-best Sega Saturn game, stating that "with "Sonic" sitting much of this generation out, is there a franchise more synonymous with the Saturn than "Virtua Fighter"?" WatchMojo ranked it as the second best Sega Saturn game, claiming that "the Saturn had a lot of great fighters, but its trademark fighting series is without question the best one." 1UP described the Saturn port as featuring "crisp, fast visuals and deeply nuanced game mechanics." They also claimed the game had aged well, unlike other fighters released around the time, such as the original "Tekken". IGN also ranked it as the second-best Sega Saturn game, saying that the game "stands head and shoulders above all 32-bit fighters. "All of them"."

"Virtua Fighter 2" was ranked as the 19th-best arcade game of the 1990s by "Complex". "GamePro" awarded it Best Saturn Game of 1995. It has also been listed as one of the best games of all time by 
"Next Generation" in 1996 and 1999, 
IGN in 2003, "Famitsu" in 2006, 
"Stuff" in 2008, and "Electronic Gaming Monthly" in 1997, 2001, and 2006.



</doc>
<doc id="1886622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1886622" title="NHL 2004">
NHL 2004

NHL 2004, developed by the EA Black Box studios, is an ice hockey video game. It is the successor to "NHL 2003". The game adds three European Elite Leagues: Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL), Sweden's Elitserien (SEL), and Finland's SM-liiga.

The game included many improvements to its gameplay (more realistic puck and rebound control and better checking) and game modes (a completely reworked franchise mode renamed "Dynasty"). In addition to the gameplay improvements, one particular non-gameplay improvement was added. When a team wins the Stanley Cup Finals, a large-scale celebration ensues. It included players skating around the ice holding the Cup over their heads. This then led to the common snapshot of the team and the coaches that holds true in the NHL. A "secret" song ("Shatterday" by Vendetta Red) plays while the animation shows the stats of the players in the picture, ending with the captain. Because of these additions, it was praised as one of the best games in the series to date.

The game received "favorable" reviews on all platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.


</doc>
<doc id="1886625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1886625" title="NHL 2005">
NHL 2005

NHL 2005 is an ice hockey video game released in 2004, the successor to "NHL 2004".

"NHL 2005" features "Open Ice Control", including moving players without the puck and also a complete World Cup mode where each team can be created from scratch. The user was now allowed to import digitized home arenas for the scratchbuilt teams (the 30 NHL arenas plus Nuremberg Arena, Kölnarena, Stockholm Globe Arena, Helsinki Hartwall Areena and Prague Sazka Arena were available). Additional NHL jerseys and logos were also available including those of the defunct Atlanta Flames, Winnipeg Jets, Colorado Rockies (NHL), Quebec Nordiques as well as the old style Los Angeles Kings, Washington Capitals and Vancouver Canucks uniforms of the 1970s and the 1980s.

The IIHF license which granted the World Cup mode also allowed EA to use real-life international jerseys for the only time (previously released games used unique jerseys designed by the game's staff which only bore a passing similarity to their real life counterparts, so the jersey shows their flag.) The PC version of the game was stripped down to the bare essentials, including the omitting of the create-a-player feature. These omissions were possibly due to the labour dispute that season, but EA explained that they had not perfected the new create-a-player interface, which would have allowed for far greater customizability than what was previously available.

The game received "generally favorable reviews" on all platforms except the PC version, which received "average" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.


</doc>
<doc id="1887427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1887427" title="Rampage World Tour">
Rampage World Tour

Rampage World Tour is a video game released in 1997 and is the second game in the "Rampage" series. The game was developed as an arcade game for Midway Games by Game Refuge Inc. designers Brian Colin and Jeff Nauman, who conceived and designed the original in 1986. It was ported to the Sega Saturn, Nintendo 64, Game Boy Color, PlayStation, Microsoft Windows and has been re-released on "Midway Arcade Treasures 2" as well as being included in "".

George, Lizzie, and Ralph have been released due to an explosion at a Scumlabs facility. The trio begin to destroy all of Scumlabs' bases scattered throughout the world and kill its employees. In the last levels, Scumlabs CEO Eustace DeMonic turns himself into a monster in an attempt to combat George, Lizzie, and Ralph, but is defeated during a battle on a lunar base. After this, the only surviving Scumlabs employee Dr. Elizabeth Veronica tries to disintegrate the monsters with a ray gun on her spaceship, but it only shrinks them to a miniature size, and they wind up inside her ship. George and Ralph pose on the shelves, while Lizzie bounces atop of Veronica's breasts (though the latter portion is censored on home ports.)

Like in the first "Rampage" game, the goal of every stage is to destroy all the buildings in each city while avoiding or destroying the military forces. If the player takes too long in destroying the city, jets will fly in and bomb the remaining buildings, ending the stage with a lower score.

In the first level, Peoria, a tourism billboard cycles through different regions in the country (Northeast, Southwest, etc.). Destroying the billboard when it is showing one of these regions will send the player in that direction. Players may also choose to eat or ignore the "World Tour" power-ups and control which country they can visit. After getting a World Tour power-up, the next few levels take place in a foreign location until a Scumlabs plant is destroyed. Purple radioactive waste temporarily transforms the player into a super monster known as V.E.R.N. The game will not end until every Scumlabs city has been destroyed, which may cause some erratic traveling around towards the end of the game (including multiple world tour trips if the players have missed or purposely kept from getting world tour flags).

"Next Generation" reviewed the arcade version of the game, rating it two stars out of five. They derided the decision to continue using sprites for the graphics instead of polygons, concluding that ""Rampage World Tour" seems aimed at satisfying gamers' yearning for past titles like "Space Invaders" or "Pac-Man". Fair enough, but all this remake will accomplish is to make gamers yearn for the original more than ever."

"PlayStation Pro" gave the game 4 out of 10.

Charles Ardai of "Computer Gaming World" noted that the PC port of the game had performance and graphics issues when played in full-screen mode. The best performance was achieved when the screen was set to a postcard-sized frame. He found the action to be basic, although there is a variety of animation. He added that it is "suffused with all the monster movie fun that was conspicuously lacking in the recent "Godzilla" film".

"Next Generation" reviewed the Nintendo 64 version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "Despite the three-player mode, no amount of graphic flash or nostalgia can improve a style of gameplay whose day has passed."


</doc>
<doc id="1888807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1888807" title="Dungeon Lords">
Dungeon Lords

Dungeon Lords is a real time fantasy role-playing video game developed by Heuristic Park, originally published by DreamCatcher Interactive and Typhoon Games, and released in 2005. However, many features were left out from the original release in an effort to meet the release date. In 2006, they re-released the game as Dungeon Lords Collector's Edition with more complete features.

In 2012, after the demise of DreamCatcher Interactive and subsequent acquisition by Nordic Games, they announced the release of a completely "remastered" version of the game, titled Dungeon Lords MMXII. "Dungeon Lords MMXII" was released in Europe on September 28, 2012, and in North America on October 5, 2012.

In 2015, a version of the game titled "Dungeon Lords Steam Edition" was released on Steam.

Dungeon Lords' gameplay features a combat system where weapon combos are controllable by mouse movements. It includes quests, personal missions, skills and special abilities for customizing the character hero from a small set of races and class specializations. "Dungeon Lords" can be played either single-player stand alone or in multi-player group sessions. The combat was inspired by console fighting games.

Many gamers experienced extensive problems while playing the original release of the game, including quest items disappearing from inventories, NPCs getting stuck, key quests failing, doors that do not work, etc.

The game received "generally unfavorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Many reviews criticized the game's initial release as a rushed project, released before it was truly finished. Some have gone so far as to say the game is still in the beta development stage. Steve Carter of Game Over wrote, "Dungeon Lords marks a new low for how incomplete a game can be and still get released." Dan Adams of IGN wrote, ""Dungeon Lords" is a disaster. It's an unfinished, unpolished, and un-fun game that I thankfully never have to play again." Greg Kasavin of GameSpot wrote that the game, though fun, is unbalanced and was missing key features at launch.

An Xbox version was planned, but was later cancelled.

"Dungeon Lords: The Orb and the Oracle", the sequel to "Dungeon Lords", was in development with expected release in Q4 2009. It has since been put on hold indefinitely due to market research results and game engine instability. Later the game was cancelled and replaced with "Dungeon Lords MMXII".


</doc>
<doc id="1891173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1891173" title="SimTunes">
SimTunes

SimTunes is a children's software toy designed by Toshio Iwai and released by Maxis in 1996. It involves painting a picture using large pixels, where each color represents a musical note. The player places up to four different-colored Bugz, which represent musical instruments or vocal syllables, on this picture, and can change their starting directions and relative speeds. The Bugz crawl over the picture, playing notes corresponding with the colors; and they turn, move randomly, or jump in response to function symbols that can be added to the dots.

"SimTunes" was originally developed in the early 1990s by Iwai as a game titled "Sound Fantasy" for the Super NES/Super Famicom. Many of the ideas and elements in "Sound Fantasy" are present in "SimTunes".

"Electroplankton" for the Nintendo DS was also designed by Iwai and is considered a spiritual sequel to "SimTunes".


</doc>
<doc id="1892272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1892272" title="Hellgate: London">
Hellgate: London

Hellgate: London is a dark fantasy themed action role-playing game originally developed by Flagship Studios, released on October 31, 2007. It was developed by a team led by former Blizzard Entertainment employees, some of whom had overseen the creation of the "Diablo" series.

Set in a post-apocalyptic London in the year 2038, "Hellgate: London" is a fast-paced action role-playing hack and slash game. It includes random elements from roguelikes such as weapon and armour attributes, item drops, mob spawns and level composition. The game featured both single-player and online multiplayer support when it was released although North American and European (US/EU) online support has since shutdown. The single-player version features a five act story quest line when completed, the player is eligible to restart the story line again in a new high difficulty and create new characters in an elite mode.

In 2008, Flagship Studios filed bankruptcy and all intellectual property was seized as collateral for funding received from Comerica Bank. Subsequently, development of the game halted. Namco Bandai Games provided free ongoing US/EU server support in the fall of Flagship Studios until January 31, 2009, when the US/EU multiplayer game servers and websites were taken offline. HanbitSoft has since acquired properties to the game and has redeveloped it as a free-to-play Hellgate London: Resurrection in South Korea, featuring Seoul based maps. In 2014, Hellgate Global was announced to add Tokyo to the game for a possible release outside South Korea.

"Hellgate: London" is an action role-playing game that builds upon the core design of roguelikes by using random generation of maps, monsters, and loot to allow for replayability. The game can be played in either third person perspective or first person perspective.

"Hellgate: London" can be played offline or online without a fee. Players can pay a monthly fee to gain additional content over time, including new areas, weapons, monsters, classes, quests, events, titles, game modes and other content. The game consists of six acts to unify the areas a player travels through on a greater scale. All acts account for approximately 25–40 hours of single-player gameplay.

"Hellgate: London" was initially designed to be primarily focused on solo and cooperative PvE combat, but players can duel and there is a free-for-all PvP mode for subscribers. Dueling can only take place outside of Underground hubs. Players can also choose to enter into PvP mode, which means they can be attacked and harmed outside of Underground hubs by anyone else that has chosen to enter PvP mode. The game does not feature LAN support.

The game world of "Hellgate: London" is a set of demon-infested dungeons and city streets, featuring safe zones such as disused London Underground stations. The safe zones scattered across the world act as havens, where players can purchase and upgrade items at NPC merchants, interact with other players in the game world, and commence or complete quests. The journey between zones is randomly generated; levels are fully 3D, rendered with the game's own proprietary graphics engine. Included in these environments are randomly generated enemies, bosses and items. The game features historical London areas and buildings, such as St Paul's Cathedral and Big Ben.

The "Hellgate: London" setting has six classes to choose from. These are paired up into three main archetypes, referred to as Factions in game. Players need to choose one of these classes for their role playing character before they can start playing the game. The factions are split as follows;

Melee classes are set to a third-person view and cannot select first-person perspective, whereas ranged classes default to a first-person view but can switch to third-person if so desired. Precision aiming is not required to use most weapons; which track their targets, "lock-on", or carpet an area with explosives. The game contains sniper rifles and other weapons that require accurate manual aiming, though most are exclusive to the Hunter faction.

Players may choose the character's name, and various visual physical attributes. Depending on whether playing singleplayer or multiplayer, several different difficulty settings will be available when creating new characters. A character is permanently locked to the chosen mode. Normal mode is the default difficulty setting. Elite mode is designed to be harder than normal difficulty with several adjustments to game mechanics. Enemies are stronger, deal more damage and rare/legendary mobs are more likely to spawn. Augments are also more expensive and merchants pay less for goods. Hardcore mode is played in either Normal or Elite difficulty with the added attribute a character permanently dies and turns into a ghost when all health is lost.

"Hellgate: London" uses a heavily randomized item system of at least a hundred base weapon types and many armor types, with a pool of random special properties and bonuses (magical affixes) applied to them to achieve re-playability and promote item collection. Furthermore, unwanted weapons and armour can be freely disassembled to save space in one's inventory, often yielding standard or rare crafting materials that can be exchanged for special crafted weapons at an NPC vendor, or used to upgrade existing weapons or armour. Items may have slots that a player can insert "mods" in to enhance their power.

The single-player version of "Hellgate: London" hosts the five-act story quest line. Elite characters can be created once a character has completed the story quest line once. The story line can be repeated in Nightmare difficulty starting with mobs starting at level 30. A character's experience is capped at 50 levels while enemies in Nightmare difficulty can reach level 62

The developer Flagship Studios had proposed regular additions to "Hellgate: London" throughout the life of the game. In March 2008, it was announced that Comerica Bank would provide game funding assistance, using "Hellgate: London" as collateral, for Flagship Studios so that they would not "rely upon a publisher's investment" to support ongoing development of their games. "The Stonehenge Chronicles" update was scheduled for release on January 21, 2008 but was postponed until January 22, 2008 due to bugs. The last content patch developed by Flagship Studios was the "Abyss Chronicles". The original servers were shut down on February 1, 2009.

The company Ping0 managed the American (US) and European (EU) regional servers for "Hellgate: London" while Infocomm Asian Holdings managed the South-East Asia (SEA) regional server along with the game support and user forums for SEA region players. Players who purchased the game in SEA had server crashing issues; the publishing companies involved gave an official response after several requests from the community to do so. Following the shut down of Flagship Studios in August 2008 and the loss of the intellectual property rights, it was announced that "Hellgate: London" game servers would be shut down as of January 31, 2009. As announced at 12:00am February 1, 2009 CST the game server for the North American and European regions became inaccessible and the website for "Hellgate: London" also went offline.

The following is an account of the US/EU subscription model Flagship Studios had while it was in effect: There were two types of multiplayer accounts: free and subscription accounts. Subscribers had access to ongoing content updates. The US subscription plan cost $9.95 a month and an offer to pay a one-time fee of $149.99 for a lifetime subscription was available for up to 100,000 people who pre-ordered the game and ended on January 31, 2008. The UK subscription is £6.99 and EU subscription is €9.99. Additionally, subscribers would have access to a Hardcore mode, special PvP arenas and a PvP ladder, the ability to bypass server queues, a shared storage space with room for 40 items instead of 20, the ability to create guilds, the ability to achieve officer status in guilds, and 24-hour customer support. Subscribers and non-subscribers were able to interact in all ways in the game. Non-subscribers could join guilds, but not create them. The level cap is set to 50 and up to 24 character slots are available for all players. As of July 2008, all subscriptions were suspended and players could neither subscribe nor unsubscribe at that point, although they were no longer billed. Since Flagship Studios went into receivership, the US & EU multiplayer ceased.

Due to problems with the subscription service, the Halloween holiday subscription content was made available to all players, both fee-paying and free-playing. In SEA, two weeks after the game was released, many players complained about a game patch, installed by Infocomm Asia Holdings (IAH), which supposedly would have deleted player's characters since game launch. While the EU and US servers had received recent patches and additional content since launch, support and patching of the SEA server had been delayed. IAHGames, the distributor of "Hellgate: London" and the company providing the "Alliance" server for the SEA region, had promised patch 0 on launch day itself. However, Patch 0 was delayed with no official date of implementation. On November 14, a joint statement by the CEOs of IAHGames and Flagship Studios announced that the both Patch 0 and Patch 0.1 will be implemented on November 22 and that they are considering some compensation for the early adopters.

On November 3, 2008, Korean-based software distributor Hanbitsoft announced via its global public relations blog, that it has acquired the "Hellgate: London" and "Mythos" properties from Flagship Studios. The post mentions development of an upcoming expansion, using leftover Flagship development efforts. Updates from company state the expansion pack includes new maps featuring Seoul and a product title, "The Second Invasion". On November 12, 2009, HanbitSoft announced the re-development of "Hellgate: London" (authorized by the former Flagship Studio) had been completed. By July 2011, "Hellgate: London" multiplayer servers were relaunched using a free-to-play model. Hanbitsoft's redesigned game is live in Korea, while the North American release has been only in beta testing.

In September 2014, "Hellgate Global", which was announced to include the expansion "Hellgate: Tokyo" and the new Hell Mode difficulty level, was listed at Steam Greenlight by HanbitSoft-linked company Redbana Corporation. The project was approved by the Steam Community and Valve contacted Redbana Corporation for the possibility of hosting the game on Steam. However, in January 2016 the T3Fun/Redbana Hellgate Global service was shut down.

On November 15, 2018, Hellgate: London was released on Steam, developed by T3 Entertainment and published by HanbitSoft.

The game received "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. The game sold almost one million copies.

Positive aspects of the game commented on by reviewers include its story, and the overall look of the game. Other aspects of the game received mixed reception. For instance, some reviewers called the combat enjoyable, with varied classes, and praised the loot and customisation aspects, while other reviewers described combat as underdeveloped and monotonous, with quest repetition and locked progression choices. Similarly, the game's technology received mixed reviews. The multiplayer component was both praised and criticised, with some bugs, slowdowns and crashes mentioned. 

A comic book adaptation of "Hellgate: London" was written by Ian Edginton, illustrated by Steve Pugh, and published by Dark Horse Comics. All four issues were collected into a trade paperback published in June 2007 (). The collected comic was also included in the Collector's Edition of the game. The plot focuses on a Templar, Cabalist and Hunter teaming together to rescue a book they believe will give them an advantage over the demons.

There is also a trilogy of novels based on "Hellgate: London" written by Mel Odom. The first novel, titled "Exodus" was released on June 26, 2007; the second novel, "Goetia", was released on February 26, 2008; the third novel, "Covenant" was released on August 26, 2008. "Exodus" is set 18 years before events of the game, "Goetia" takes place 14 years before the events of the game, and "Covenant" takes place 13 years before the events of the game. The novels primarily follow the stories of three characters and their interactions with each other, as well as their individual struggles against the demons. Each character is from a different class from the game. The novels also feature references to and cameos by various characters from the game.

"Hellgate VR" is being developed by Skonec Entertainment.



</doc>
<doc id="1892885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1892885" title="18 Wheels of Steel">
18 Wheels of Steel

18 Wheels of Steel is a series of trucking simulators developed by SCS Software and published by ValuSoft from 2002 to 2011. The series has eight installments.

The first installment in the series, released in 2002.

This installment is very similar to "Hard Truck: 18 Wheels of Steel" except that the graphics were updated, more trucks and cargo were added, and a new map was created that enables users to travel across the entire continental U.S., through 30 cities. In this version, players can choose from 30 trucks and 40+ trailers. Time is made up of a total of 24 minutes in a day in the clock. This game focuses on the delivery of cargo. Players will also battle 3 AI drivers. Unlike in Hard Truck: 18 Wheels of Steel, the sleep timer was removed from the simulation. There is an improved traffic model as well as airplanes, helicopters, and trains with authentic sounds.

In this installment, released in 2004, the user can travel across the entire continental US, and also through northern Mexico and southern Canada, through 30 cities. The sleep timer was brought back in this version. It has an improved traffic model. "18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal" requires OpenGL. It also has the fastest map to date besides "Haulin"' and is the first trucking game to feature more than one country.

In this updated installment, the player can travel through the United States, as well as southern Canada, though it differs from "18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal" in that Mexican cities are not present. The player can travel through 30+ cities and choose from 35+ rigs, 45+ cargoes and 47+ trailers. The player has to use the mouse to look outside of the cab at the mirrors. The graphics are also much improved in this version, and users can see drivers in other vehicles and when the trucks are "lugged" under 1500 RPM, they emit black exhaust much like older non-computerized trucks do. However, other graphical features such as dynamic dashboard gauges were replaced with simple inanimate textures, although this and minor bugs were fixed with a patch released by SCS Software in 2008. Players can also buy things to protect themselves.

This installment adds more cities and has more realistic graphics, but Mexico is gone from this installment, as in "Convoy". The ability to use custom soundtracks and save games during deliveries was added also. Users can choose from 32 rigs, 45+ cargoes and 47+ trailers in the game, including double trailers. The game does not require a very powerful computer to operate properly since it can run on most older PCs. The game's engine, Prism3d, may not respond on older graphic cards resulting in a game crash on the game's start-up. Countries include the United States and Canada.

This installment of the game is very similar to and has the same game play as Haulin' but with renamed companies, 2 new trucks, and 3 cities in Mexico added. The previous 9 cities [Chihuahua, Guaymas, Monterrey, etc.] from 18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal have returned but the map for each was slightly updated.

"Extreme Trucker" lets the player deliver cargoes in any of the three main areas of the game: Yungas Road (also known as Road of Death), Tuktoyaktuk Winter Road, and the Australian Outback. This game is quite different from the previous installments as the whole concept was changed. The player can no longer drive around in free roam unless they decide to go around the map during a delivery, but they can only pick a job offer from the selection menu if users have met its requirements of having multiple new trucks and accomplished deliveries. The trucks and cars are modeled after real brands, although users can not own any vehicles through the game and are simply truck drivers seeking various jobs. Still, today's low to mediocre range computer will be able to run the game without getting low FPS. The game was mostly poorly received by critics. Game was criticised mostly for change of series concept. But it was well received by players and some reviews were positive towards the game and praised the game for its graphics and gameplay.

Released in 2011, "Extreme Trucker 2" is a sequel to "18 Wheels of Steel: Extreme Trucker". The game has two additional locations: Montana and Bangladesh, and a few new types of cargo.


</doc>
<doc id="1893203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1893203" title="Advent Rising">
Advent Rising

Advent Rising is an action-adventure third-person shooter video game developed by GlyphX Games and published by Majesco Entertainment. The game was released on May 31, 2005 for Xbox and on August 9, 2005 for Microsoft Windows. Its story was created by Donald and Geremy Mustard and featured a script written by science fiction writers Orson Scott Card and Cameron Dayton; the full orchestral soundtrack was done by Tommy Tallarico and Emmanuel Fratianni. As of September 14, 2006, Steam began offering "Advent Rising" for download.

Much-hyped "Advent Rising" was the first in a planned trilogy which also saw the development of a game that would take place alongside "Advent Rising", called "Advent Shadow" for the PSP. Despite a large advertising campaign including promotion in cinemas, the game's retail performance fell far short of expectations. By the end of 2005, Majesco had completely revised its business plan to focus towards handheld games and canceled plans for future "Advent Rising" games.

A five-issue spin-off comic book series was produced and ran from October 2005 to November 2006. Plans for novel tie-ins by Orson Scott Card never came to fruition. In June 2006, Donald Mustard posted a statement on the website of his new venture, Chair Entertainment, stating that he "would be happy to finish the "Advent" series if the opportunity presented itself", but confirmed he does not currently hold the rights to do so. In 2008, Novint announced they are adding Novint Falcon support to this game and will sell it as "Ascension Reborn" for the Novint Falcon only.

The game begins with Gideon Wyeth; the protagonist, escorting a group of human ambassadors from a space station to a meeting with an alien race called the Aurelians. At the meeting, the Aurelians tell the humans that they view them as gods and then warn them of another race of aliens called the Seekers who intend to destroy all humanity. Shortly thereafter, the space station is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon manages to board an escape pod and lands on the planet Edumea below.

On the planet, Gideon aids the Marines in their battle against the Seekers, but soon learns that the planet will shortly be destroyed by a meteor shower. The planet is evacuated, and Gideon accepts an invitation from the Aurelians to board their ship. After learning that humans have untapped mystical powers, he begins training with the Aurelians.

As Gideon is training, the ship is attacked by the Seekers. Gideon and some of the Aurelians evacuate to the Seeker vessel, though it is on a crash course with the Aurelian homeworld. Gideon and the remaining Aurelians find the planet overrun by Seekers. After liberating the planet, they travel to the Galactic Council to seek their help in combating the Seeker assault on humanity.

When the Council calls the Seekers to explain themselves, a being materializes in the Council chambers claiming to be a “true” human and a god. The being, a Koroem, takes full responsibility for the human genocide and claims that it ordered the Seekers to exterminate humanity because they were physically imitating the Koroem.

A battle ensues after the Koroem wounds one of the Aurelians, but it is ultimately killed when Gideon uses a previously unknown mystical ability. This opens a portal that Gideon is dragged into. He finds himself on an ice planet, where a horned creature dubbed "The Stranger" appears and says, "Come with me, human. There is much to be done." It then beckons Gideon to follow.


The "Advent Rising Soundtrack" of the game was released on June 28, 2005, under record label Sumthing Else Music Works. The music was composed by Emmanuel Fratianni and Michael Richard Plowman, whilst the additional music and orchestrations were performed by Laurie Robinson and Tommy Tallarico.

The game's overall story was created by Donald and Geremy Mustard. The dialog and screenplay, however, was written by Orson Scott Card and Cameron Dayton. Card's influences are noticeable in the terminology which has been carried over from "Ender's Game". The terms "vids", "Buggers", and "ansible" are all references from his critically acclaimed novels (though the term "ansible" was coined by Ursula K. Le Guin, and was not actually added to the script by Card himself, but by Donald Mustard).

Following its Xbox release, "Advent Rising" received mixed reviews from critics whose scores ranged from a high of 4.5 out of 5 ("GamePro") to a low of 5 out of 10 ("EGM"). Reviewer scores averaged at a 68 on both GameRankings and Metacritic, while user scores averaged at 7.5. The most common complaints were the large number of bugs which caused a range of problems including freezing. Another common complaint regarded the difficulty in using the flick targeting system.

"Advent Rising"s visual design choice was noted by several reviewers, pointing out that the characters all appear fairly elongated, although it has been said that this was a deliberate stylistic choice.

Upon the release of the PC version of the game a month after the Xbox counterpart, "Advent Rising" was slightly better received, earning a 72 on GameRankings, a 70 on Metacritic, and an 81 on Venting Gamer with user scores averaging at 82. Many reviewers felt that the month long delay had been put to good use as many of the glitches in the Xbox version had been fixed. Framerate was also improved, with slowdowns becoming rarer.

A million dollars was offered in a contest via Xbox Live for the first player to find a set of hidden symbols spread throughout the levels of the game. On August 15, 2005, the contest was cancelled, due to concerns that there was "no technically feasible solution that would allow the contest to continue in a fair and secure manner". Majesco offered, as compensation to those players, the choice of two free games (BloodRayne 2, Guilty Gear X2, Psychonauts, Raze's Hell, and/or Phantom Dust) and an apology on its home page.
An avid comics fan, game creator Donald Mustard originally realized the story of "Advent Rising" in hand-drawn comic books. He revealed in a 2005 interview: "With "Advent", from day one, we conceived it initially as a comic book itself. Back when I was getting out of high school, we were laying the foundation for "Advent". I drew the first several hours of what would ultimately become the game as a comic book." The release of the "Advent Rising" game was supported by a promotional one-shot comic book produced by DC Comics. The comic was written by Lee Hammock and drawn by Billy Dallas Patton as a direct tie-in to the action of the game. It was inserted free of charge within a handful of comic books published by DC.

Another comic book, this time a series, grew out of the partnership between Majesco Entertainment and 360ep, a young entertainment properties management concern founded by former Marvel Comics CEO Bill Jemas. The new comic series, "Advent Rising: Rock the Planet", was written by Rob Worley, with layouts by Arthur Dela Cruz, pencils by Cliff Richards, inks by Dennis Crisostomo, colors by Cris Delara, and letters by Simon Bowland. The comic was produced with oversight by Mustard and Jemas. This new series begins the franchise some ten years before the events of the game. It follows the adventures of Gideon, Ethan, and Olivia in their formative, teenage years. The first issue was published on October 26, 2005. The fifth and final issue was released on November 22, 2006.

An unofficial patch called "Advent Revising" for the game has been created to address a number of issues including subtitles, cinematic playback, cut content and various other fixes.



</doc>
<doc id="1894913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1894913" title="X: Beyond the Frontier">
X: Beyond the Frontier

X: Beyond the Frontier is a video game created by Egosoft for Windows. The first of the "X" series, it is a space trading and combat simulator game, mostly set in the fictional X-Universe. Upon release, it was frequently compared to the older Elite.

An expansion, X-Tension, was released in 2000. Four full sequels have since followed: "" in 2003, "" in 2005, "" in 2008 and "" in 2018. "X: Beyond the Frontier" and "X-Tension" were released in together as "X-Gold" in 2000. A novel, "Farnham's Legend", is based on the plot of "X: Beyond the Frontier".

Set in the year 2912, in the 30th Century, the player takes the role of Kyle Brennan, an Earth test pilot for the "X-Shuttle", better known as the "X-Perimental Shuttle", which has the ability to jump from one part of the universe to another via a wormhole without requiring a jumpgate.

During the test jump, something goes drastically wrong and Brennan ends up in an unknown part of space. He encounters an alien race, the Teladi, a highly capitalist, profit-focused culture. Finding Kyle helpless, they repair his ship and loan him some money. They also give hints on trading in the X Universe, and may tell him (if he asks) about the Argon and other alien races in the X-Universe. The X Universe is a network of sectors linked by jumpgates. With his jumpdrive destroyed, and no idea how to return to Earth, Brennan finds himself stranded, alone and indebted to an alien race.

The player is free to choose how to continue the game, and if or when to pursue the main plot.

Through trade and exploration, Brennan eventually encounters the Argon—a race who appear human. However, it quickly becomes clear that the Argon have no knowledge of Earth, and most dismiss Brennan as a crank when he claims to be from Earth.

He is subsequently led to a group of scientists and scholars known as the Goner, which is an organisation dedicated to preserving information about Earth. He works with them to discover the forgotten history of the Argon - that they are descended from humans who were cut off from Earth centuries ago in a war with rogue machines known as the Terraformers. After convincing the Argon that Earth is real, Brennan works with them - specifically, with Ban Danna, Head of the Argon Secret service - to prevent the Terraformers, now known as the Xenon, from developing a super-weapon.

Depending on his status with the different X-Universe races, Brennan finally forms an alliance to attack the Xenon forces and destroy their super-weapon, thus completing the game. However Kyle is stranded in the new sector of the Galaxy unable to return to earth, the Argon federation welcome him into their ranks and offer him the means to make himself comfortable in his new home.

There are fifty-four star systems in the X Universe, and within each one there are numerous installations. There is at least one space station in each system, and they range from ordinary factories like solar power plants to shipyards. By trading with them the player makes a profit, which allows one to upgrade the X-Perimental Shuttle with new weapons, better shields, and increased cargo space.

It is possible to trade within a single system, but the player can earn credits much quicker by exploring other systems via the jump gates. Eventually, the player will be able to buy factories and thus earn much greater income.

Although each system has at least one planet, it is not possible to land on any of them. Factories, space stations, and other installations are located far from the planets and stars.

"X: Beyond the Frontier" received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

The game was praised for its open-ended gameplay and the large number of systems to explore. The economy in the X Universe is dynamic, with the price of goods varying with supply and demand. For example, selling a large amount of one particular product to a single station will result in the price for further consignments dropping in proportion to their demand.

The atmospheric musical score of the game was also praised, as was the varied dialogue one can have with many different aliens. However, several reviews complained that the voice acting, while atmospheric, was hard to understand and could make it difficult to follow the plot.

The game was also praised highly for its "spectacular background graphics", such as "gorgeous colored lighting effects and the highly detailed rotating planets".

However, the game received criticism from some for giving the player so little equipment to start with. For example, the X-Perimental loses its weapons in the accident that brings it to the X Universe. These can be purchased once the player acquires sufficient credits to do so. Until then, the player is defenseless. The ship is also quite slow, and traveling between installations at first takes a long time. A time-accelerator device reduces the transit time, but it needs to be found and purchased, which means the game moves at a frustrating "snail's pace [for] the first 10-20 minutes". Still, "[a]fter as little as an hour of gameplay, with some shrewd trading... you should be able to outfit your X ship with a pair of lasers ... and the time-accelerating 'singularity time distortion engine,'" said one review

The combat system was lightly criticized as "being more of a goal to be overcome than a challenge to be relished", especially given the "suicidal as hell" "kamikaze" nature of enemy pilots, who appear constantly to wish to ram the player. A final criticism was the game's "skimpy manual", which leaves the player to work out most things for themselves. However, others felt "the documentation was extremely well done" and that "the game actually uses your complete ignorance of what's going on around you to add a sense of adventure and mystery to the tale."

"X-Tension" (2000) was released as an expansion to "Beyond the Frontier"; however, many gamers and reviewers consider it more a "sequel" than an "add-on". It follows on after the story in "Beyond the Frontier", with "the evil Xenon vanquished" and the player "still stranded light years from home." The player once again takes control of Kyle Brennan, who now has "time to kill" as his X-perimental ship is reverse-engineered. The player is given a ship, some credits, and left to make his own way in the X Universe. In a canon aspect, the events of this game would be assumed to see the player start a business empire, which would become Terracorp in the .

There is no overarching plot in "X-Tension". It is an open-ended, sandbox game, filled with "microquests". The player is free to choose "to be a trader with an unarmed Argon Lifter... or a bounty-hunter ... armed to the teeth with plasma throwers."; free to choose "where [they] want to go, what to trade in and who to pick on". Egosoft's Managing Director, Bernd Lehahn, described "X-Tension" as "[a] space game that allows you to live freely in a virtual universe and do whatever you want to do. At least that's our goal."

The graphics were improved for "X-Tension", adding new effects and scenery, and removing "visible seams which blighted many of these backdrops in the original game.". The musical score was also extended, and the X Universe was expanded to a total of ninety systems.

"X-Tension" addressed many criticisms of the original game. The player's craft is pre-equipped with some upgrades - weapons and a time-accelerator - so that players can defend themselves from the beginning, although the weapons you start out with are useless against most of enemy ships. The player can leave the ship and space walk in a space suit, purchase new ships from shipyards, and even capture enemy ships that can be flown by the player.

The in-game interface was expanded to include new features, including an automatic navigation system that allows the player "to easily access information about any sectors" visited, and includes "a full map of the galaxy showing everywhere you have been." When combined with some upgrades and equipment, this system allows the player to monitor the X-Universe's economy, traffic and prices remotely, "an incredibly useful new feature which makes trading far less hit and miss than it was in the original game." The interface also allows the players to control many of their assets - factories and ship tasks - remotely. They no longer need to land at a factory to adjust it, nor even to be in same region of space.

One criticism shared by both games was the combat system; while improved in "X-Tension", it could still be summed up as "unremarkable." Notably, Egosoft's Managing Director, Bernd Lehahn, mentioned appealing to "the 'Wing Commander audience'" as a high priority in the design of 2005 sequel "X: Reunion". He defined this as "people who... expect a story and cool fighting missions" but who may be won over to "the freeform gameplay and the advantages that a realistic economy adds to such a game."

The extension pack received "favorable" reviews, although no aggregate score exists.




</doc>
<doc id="1895055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1895055" title="X2: The Threat">
X2: The Threat

X2: The Threat (stylized as X²: The Threat) is a space simulation video game developed by Egosoft for Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X. It is part of the X Computer Game Series. It was released in 2003 and is a sequel to "". Freeverse Software ported the game to Mac OS X in 2004/2005, while Linux Game Publishing produced their Linux port in 2005/2006.

The sequel to this game is "" (2005).

As with the originals, "X2: The Threat" is a Space trading and combat simulator set in the fictional X-Universe, a network of sectors, linked by large space gates. The game features a new graphics engine, a much expanded Universe and 60 different flyable ships, along with a number of new missions available to the player. Unlike the expansion pack, "", which was almost entirely open-ended, "X2: The Threat" has a clear background story involving an aggressive alien race known as the Khaak. However, the game remains open-ended and the players are free to pursue the plot at their own pace, if at all.

The player takes the role of Julian Gardna, a Pirate and thief. Early on, the Khaak, a hostile alien race, emerge to threaten the X-Universe. The player is asked to undertake a series of missions to uncover their origins, their intentions, and to determine their connection to his missing father. Ultimately, Julian must fight off a massive attack by Khaak, rescuing numerous other characters in the process.
Key non-player characters include:
Due to the expense of completing the plot, the players are periodically prompted to break away from the plot and increase their resources through trade and other open-ended play.

X2 is set within the X-Universe, which consists of 130 sectors connected by two-way jumpgates. The main area of each sector typically contains several stations and at least one gate. The game is open-ended allowing the player to go where they like, when they like, doing whatever they like; a player is limited only by their in-game status and resources. As such, a driving force of the game is to acquire credits, the universal currency and status.

Using credits, a player can buy wares from a station. These wares may then be flown to another station where they can be sold, ideally for a higher price. However, prices vary - from minute to minute, second to second - depending on demand. The less of a ware there is, the higher its price. As such, the X-Universe has a truly dynamic market-driven economy. A player can capitalize on emergent trends to make vast profits; or as easily, can waste money and time on a bad cargo choice. As a player builds profits they can buy equipment, weapons, ships and stations. The player can acquire an unlimited number of ships and stations, of varying size, shape and function. The player can build factories to produce goods (including weapons and shields) to sell or consume. As the factories require resources, the player can set up ships to perform trading tasks for factories such as buying resources from other stations or selling the product.

The game contains numerous races. Several races feature a full economy and can be interacted with by the player through trading, reputation and missions. Several hostile races limit the amount of interactivity to combat. Reputation between the player and the social races can be built up through missions, defending their space, or trading in their space. The reputation affects how these individuals of that races respond to the player, and what kind of missions are offered. A player status is categorized according to 'Mercantile' skill, 'Combat' skill, and a 'Notoriety' ranking for each race.

An expansion pack called X2: The Return was in development but was cancelled in favour of X3.

"X2: The Threat" received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Many reviewers praised the graphics and the amount of freedom offered to the player. Common complaints were that the game, like its predecessors, was quite slow paced and had a steep learning curve.

IGN gave the game an average review, praising the visuals and display, but expressing frustration with elements of gameplay. Wrote IGN, "there are better places to go for trading simulations, and better places to go for space combat. "X2"s ambitions in trying to meld both themes ended up falling short of what most people would find entertaining... its complexity [as a trading simulator] is wasted when the money is really made with only one type of product." GameSpot referred to the game as a "diamond in the rough" for patient players, as well as "extremely ambitious but not very accessible." "Eurogamer" criticized the game for being for "hardcore fans only" because of its complexity, also calling it a "superbly ambitious game which achieves much of what it sets out to do."




</doc>
<doc id="1895358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1895358" title="Alan Wake">
Alan Wake

Alan Wake is an action-adventure video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Studios, released for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The story follows best-selling thriller novelist Alan Wake as he tries to uncover the mystery behind his wife's disappearance during a vacation in the small fictional town of Bright Falls, Washington, all while experiencing events from the plot in his latest novel, which he cannot remember writing, coming to life.

In its pacing and structure, "Alan Wake" is similar to a thriller television series, with episodes that contain plot twists and cliffhangers. The game itself consists of six episodes, and the storyline is continued by two special episodes, titled "The Signal" and "The Writer", that were made available as downloadable content (DLC) within the same year of the game's release. Together, they make the first season of a possibly longer story. Additionally, a six-episode live-action web series called "Bright Falls" acts as a prequel to the game, and a number of related books also expand upon the "Alan Wake" story.

Chiefly written by Sam Lake, "Alan Wake" took over five years to create—an unusually long development time in the game industry. The game received positive reviews from critics, and is often praised for its visuals, sound, narrative, pacing, and atmosphere. "Alan Wake" was awarded the first spot in "Time" magazine's list of the top 10 video games of 2010. "Alan Wake's American Nightmare", a full stand-alone title, was released in February 2012 on the Xbox Live Arcade service. A sequel was in development but was cancelled. However, the scrapped sequel became the foundation and inspiration of Remedy's next title, "Quantum Break".

"Alan Wake" is described by Remedy as "the mind of a psychological thriller" and "the body of a cinematic action game" put together. In interviews, the game's creators hold that the game does not belong squarely in the survival horror video game genre. The game is primarily set in the fictional idyllic small town of Bright Falls, Washington. The main gameplay happens in various areas of Bright Falls – such as the forest, a national park, or a farm – during the night time; these are punctuated by calmer, non-combative sequences set during the day.

The player controls the eponymous protagonist Alan Wake. In the game, a "darkness" is taking over humans, animals and objects. These enemies, dubbed the "Taken", are murderous shadows that attack Wake, wielding weapons of their own, ranging from mallets and knives to shovels and chainsaws. They vary by speed, size, and the amount of damage they can take, and some can teleport between short distances. Besides the Taken, the player must combat flocks of possessed ravens and animated objects. When enemies are close, Alan can perform a slow-motion cinematic dodge maneuver.

The Taken are protected by a shield of darkness, initially rendering them impervious to attack; they can only be injured with a firearm after exposure to light, which burns the darkness away. This puts significant emphasis on flashlights in conjunction with conventional weapons, such as a revolver or shotgun. Flashlight beams act as a reticle. The handheld lights Wake can carry can be boosted, which destroys the darkness faster, but also reduces the light's battery level. Besides the conventional shooter gameplay need for reloading ammunition, the player must also insert fresh batteries into the flashlight when they run out, or wait for it to recharge slowly. The strength of the darkness protecting an enemy can vary among the Taken. The amount of darkness remaining is represented by a corona of light that appears when aiming at an enemy, and a stronger darkness may recharge over time. When a Taken is finally destroyed, it disappears.

The player is often encouraged to take advantage of environmental light sources and placing, and to use other light-based weapons and accessories, such as flare guns, hand-held flares and flashbangs. Wake can use searchlights to take out massive waves of Taken. Streetlights and other light stands can provide a safe haven, which the Taken cannot enter, and will regenerate the character's health faster. Otherwise, health regenerates slowly with time, when not taking any damage. In certain sections of the game, it is possible to use a car to traverse between locations in Bright Falls. When in a car, the player can run down Taken on the road, or boost the vehicle's headlights to destroy them.

A major element of gameplay is the optional discovery and collection of manuscript pages from Alan Wake's latest novel—"Departure". Although Wake does not remember writing this book, its storyline seems to be becoming real around him. These readable manuscript pages are scattered around the game world, out of chronological order; they often describe scenes that have yet to occur and act as warning and instructions for proceeding through upcoming challenges. Other optional collectibles include coffee thermos flasks scattered around the game world (100 in all), as well as discovering television sets which show different episodes of the fictional "Night Springs" series, radios airing talk and music from Bright Falls' local radio station, and textual signs around the town. The radio shows and signs provide a deeper understanding of the town's history and culture. The game's downloadable content episodes introduce other collectibles such as alarm clocks.

Alan Wake (voiced by Matthew Porretta) is a bestselling crime fiction author suffering from a two-year stretch of writer's block. He and his wife Alice travel to the small mountain town of Bright Falls, Washington for a short vacation on the advice of Alice and Alan's friend and agent Barry Wheeler. Before their arrival, Alan has a nightmare about shadowy figures who try to kill him, before an ethereal figure interrupts the dream and teaches him how to use light to fight the shadows.

Upon arrival in Bright Falls, Alan goes to retrieve the keys and map to their rented cabin from Carl Stucky, the cabin's landlord, but encounters a mysterious old woman, who tells him that Stucky had fallen ill and she was entrusted to give Alan the keys. The woman directs Alan and Alice to a cabin on an island in the middle of Cauldron Lake, a volcanic crater lake. As they unpack, Alan finds that Alice arranged the trip to help break his writer's block, arranging for him to see a Bright Falls psychologist named Dr. Emil Hartman, and leaving a typewriter in the cabin for him. Alan is infuriated and storms out of the cabin, but rushes back when he hears Alice crying for help. Alan returns to the cabin just as Alice is being dragged into the lake's waters by a mysterious force. Alan dives into the water after her, blacking out as he submerges.

Alan regains consciousness a week later, apparently having driven his car off the road, but with no memory of how he got there. He attempts to reach a nearby gas station, but his progress is hampered by murderous, shadowy figures resembling those in his dream. While fighting the shadows with light, Alan repeatedly encounters an ethereal figure in a diving suit similar to the one from his dream, which leaves behind pages of a manuscript entitled "Departure", ostensibly written by Alan, which he has no memory of writing. Alan soon discovers that the events of the manuscript are coming true, and that the shadowy figures, or "Taken," are townsfolk possessed by a dark force. After killing a possessed Carl Stucky and reaching the gas station, Alan tries to alert Sheriff Sarah Breaker of his wife's disappearance, but Sarah states that there has been no island or cabin in Cauldron Lake for years after it sunk following a volcanic eruption years prior. Alan is taken to the police station, and Barry arrives in Bright Falls in search of him.

Alan receives a call from a man purporting to be Alice's kidnapper, demanding the pages of "Departure" in exchange for her. Meeting at a nearby national park, Alan witnesses the kidnapper at the mercy of the mysterious old woman, confessing that he never actually had Alice. Alan and the kidnapper are then attacked by a dark tornado, which hurls Alan into Cauldron Lake. He awakens in the lodge overlooking Cauldron Lake under the care of Hartman, who claims that Alan is suffering a psychotic break, with the supernatural phenomena being fabrications of his imagination. Alan attempts to escape the lodge as the shadowy force starts to attack it, learning in the process that the fake kidnapper was employed by Hartman to lure Alan to him. Hartman tries to stop Alan from escaping, and gives the impression that he is aware of the supernatural events surrounding the lake. Barry helps Alan to escape the lodge before the shadow subsumes it and all those inside.

Alan and Barry gradually begin to learn the truth about Cauldron Lake from the other townsfolk. An entity known as the Dark Presence (taking the form of the old woman, Barbara Jagger) is trapped within the lake, attempting to escape by using the lake's power to turn fiction into reality. It had previously tried this with a poet named Thomas Zane — the figure in the diving suit — but Zane was able to resist its will and used his writings to cause the volcanic eruption that sank the island, stranding himself within the lake. The Dark Presence has grown strong enough to start to influence the townspeople and create the forces that have pursued Alan. That night, as Alan and Barry take shelter, they get drunk on moonshine, and Alan starts to recall memories of being forced to write "Departure" during the prior week, realizing that the Dark Presence is now trying to use his writings to escape, and is holding Alice within the lake in order to coerce him.

Alan and Barry are arrested by an FBI agent, but the Taken assault the police station and drag the agent away. Sarah, now convinced of the Dark Presence's existence, helps Alan and Barry reach Cynthia Weaver, a hermit who knew Thomas Zane and prepared countermeasures for the Dark Presence's return. She leads them to the "Well-Lit Room," containing a light switch known as the Clicker, which, through the power of Alan's writings, possesses the narrative ability to destroy the Dark Presence. Alan returns to Cauldron Lake alone and dives in, finding himself in a surreal alternate dimension known as the Dark Place, where thoughts and ideas become reality. Alan encounters Jagger and destroys her with the Clicker; realizing he must maintain balance in the story, Alan completes "Departure" by freeing Alice, but strands himself in the Dark Place in the process. Finishing "Departure," Alan writes the final line - "It's not a lake, it's an ocean." 

Continuing from the end of the main game, Alan finds himself in a surreal version of Bright Falls and realizes he is still trapped in the Dark Place. Zane directs Alan to follow a signal through a cell phone in order to "focus" and guide himself through the Dark Place. While navigating the realm's shifting, dreamlike topography, Alan encounters television screens depicting a more maniacal version of himself, who uses the power of the Dark Place to narrate circumstances that plunge Alan into danger, sending hordes of Taken after him. Alan also encounters an ethereal version of Barry, a figment of his subconsciousness, who helps guide Alan safely across the abstract landscape.

Zane eventually reveals that Alan himself is the cause of his current circumstance; the maniacal version of Alan on the television screens is an irrational aspect of Alan consumed by fear, his frenzied thoughts affecting the subjective world of the Dark Place. Alan encounters a monstrous conglomeration of televisions, through which the irrational Alan tries to kill him. Alan defeats the televisions, but wakes up back in the cabin again, and realizes he is still trapped. 

Still trapped in the Dark Place, Alan regains consciousness and accepts that he is the cause of the insanity he is experiencing, regaining his memories in the process. Zane tells him that the "irrational Alan" is still inside the cabin, controlling the Dark Place; the "rational Alan" must regain control in order to have any chance of escaping the Dark Place. Zane directs Alan to a lighthouse across the increasingly surreal landscape of the Dark Place, while the irrational Alan attempts to stop him by creating delusions of Alice, manipulating the landscape, and sending armies of Taken after him. Alan eventually outwits his other self and reaches the lighthouse, passing through it to reach the cabin.

As Alan nears the cabin, the imaginary Barry reappears and tells Alan that he will have to reject all the illusions before he can face off against the insane version of Alan, including the apparition of Barry. Alan is forced to confront Taken versions of Barry and the other townsfolk, defeating them all and reentering the cabin. The irrational Alan is in a paranoid state on the cabin floor; when Alan touches him, the two are made whole again. Alan realizes that he cannot let himself fall into a delusional state again for fear of never being able to escape, and returns to the typewriter to start a new story—""Return"".

The Finnish studio Remedy Entertainment is known for creating the critically acclaimed "Max Payne" (2001), and its sequel, "" (2003). After shipping "Max Payne 2", Remedy Entertainment spent some time "recovering from the crunch", and started coming up with different concepts for a new project. Among these was the concept for "Alan Wake".

The game was announced at the 2005 Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) for "the next generation of consoles and PCs", and was shown to the press behind closed doors in the form of a tech demo. In 2006, Remedy partnered with Microsoft Game Studios to publish the game exclusively for Microsoft's Xbox 360 video game console and then-current Windows Vista PC operating system. The first screenshots depicted the character of Alan Wake in much different attire, as well as a different layout for the town of Bright Falls, compared to the released game.

All the characters featured in "Alan Wake" were based on real life models. Ilkka Villi and Jonna Järvenpää, the models for Alan and Alice Wake, respectively, are the only Finnish models in the game; all other models were American. Voice overs were provided by native actors from Japan and America for their respective regions.

After four years of having repeatedly demonstrated the Microsoft Windows version, in 2009, Remedy confirmed that at that point the game was being developed exclusively for the Xbox 360 and the decision to make a PC version was in Microsoft's hands. After the game's release in 2010, Remedy said that bringing the game to the PC was "not on the cards at the moment." However, nearly two years after its release, Remedy was able to secure the rights to publish a PC version.

The game was announced as "done" and undergoing final polishing in August 2009. The game eventually went gold on 7 April 2010, and was released in May.

Originally, Remedy planned Bright Falls as a free-roaming, sandbox-style open world city, similar to those seen in the "Grand Theft Auto" series. After trying this idea for six months, the team decided to scrap it, because it interfered with the pacing and storytelling they intended to deliver in a thriller game.

The game's enemies were designed by drawing concept art and then pouring water over them to make them feel "Just a bit off". For the character of Alan Wake himself, Remedy used "concept photos" as opposed to more traditional concept artwork. To research the Pacific Northwest setting for the game, a Remedy team travelled to the area, and produced a large number of photographs and videos.

"Alan Wake" was influenced by and often alludes to certain films, TV shows, and books, as well as paying homage to a number of artists and works. Remedy has explained the shared themes and ideas between the game and other existing works of popular culture as "taking something familiar to people as an element, and building something of your own, and hopefully something [that is] unique in games, but still familiar from other forms of entertainment."

Bestselling author Stephen King was a major inspiration for "Alan Wake". The main character as a writer whose work is coming true is a theme that has been explored by King in a number of his works. Wake's narration directly alludes to King on several occasions, including the game's opening line, in which he quotes a Stephen King essay. The game also pays homage to the film "The Shining" (based on King's novel of the same name) with a hedge maze area similar to the iconic maze in the film, among other references, as well as King's novel "Christine", with one of the in-game cars resembling her. King himself was asked for permission to use his quote. He also received copies of the game as a "thank you", but was unable to try them out because he does not own an Xbox. In addition to King's work, Lake has cited the stories of Bret Easton Ellis and Neil Gaiman as influences, as well as Mark Z. Danielewski's "House of Leaves".

The game's setting, Bright Falls, draws inspiration from the early 1990s TV show "Twin Peaks", which was set in the titular town; both fictional small towns in the state of Washington. Alfred Hitchcock is also cited as an inspiration, with the flocks of birds that often attack the protagonist being influenced by his classic horror film "The Birds".

In the game there are a number of television sets that can be found around the town in different places. They can be switched on and a short episode of the fictional series "Night Springs" will be played, which is influenced by the television series "The Twilight Zone", created by Rod Serling in the late 1950s.

In its structure, the story of "Alan Wake" plays out similarly to a mystery television program, where each episode brings another piece of the puzzle to the main ongoing story, yet have a distinct plot of their own. As such, "Alan Wake" is organised into episodes, which include narrative and plot devices normally used in TV, such as cliffhangers at the end of the episodes. A prominent borrowing from television is the "Previously on "Alan Wake"..." recap sequence that opens each episode, and serve to "refresh the player's memory and point to things that will become relevant shortly." A different song plays at the end of every episode, imitating certain TV shows that feature different music during each episode's closing credits.

The main game itself is divided up into six episodes. Additionally, two "special features", titled "The Signal" and "The Writer", have been released as downloadable content (DLC). Together, "Alan Wake" and its DLCs constitute the "first season" of a bigger story. The main game is designed to have a satisfactory ending with the main character reaching his goal, while the DLCs form a two-part special that further expands on the game's story by "[continuing] the fiction and [serving] as a bridge between seasons." While the game's developers have expressed interest in following "Alan Wake" up with a season two (i.e., a sequel), no plans have been announced about this.

Remedy Entertainment chose the TV series storytelling format to establish a certain stylisation and pacing. The developers felt that watching episodes of certain TV shows – such as the heavily serialised series "Lost" – in the form of released box sets, at the viewers' pace, was a "natural way of 'consuming media'", and that this episodic format was a better fit for a long game. Remedy lauded "Lost" for its pacing as a thriller TV show.

While Remedy had wanted to use the episodic release format, with each of the above episodes released digitally over time, Microsoft instead pushed Remedy to release the main game as a full product on retail disc. Phil Spencer, head of Xbox Game Studios, said in 2020 that at the time, Microsoft was concerned about if the episode format would work and its revenue potentials, projecting there would be declining sales with each successive episode, and instead believed a single release was likely more profitable. Spencer said that since then, they recognized this was likely a bad decision as it forced them into a certain way of thinking with respect to monetization.

A number of real-life brands and products appear in "Alan Wake". The game's developers have expressed that they tried to "be very conservative and attentive towards gamers" with their use of product placement, and that they aimed "to make the world feel more real rather than put ads in-your-face."

Examples of such marketing include collectable Energizer batteries and lithium batteries to insert into the player's hand-held lights. The phone service provider Verizon Wireless is another prominent brand in "Alan Wake": besides Verizon branded mobile phones appearing on screen, there is a 30-second Verizon commercial viewable on one of the game's interactive TVs, as well as an allusion to the company's famous advertising line "Can you hear me now?" during a phone conversation in "The Signal" DLC. Additionally, billboards around Bright Falls advertise both Energizer and Verizon. Ford and Lincoln automobiles are also featured in the game.

Several Microsoft related brands also appear in the game. Alan and Alice Wake's car shows that it has the Microsoft-powered Ford Sync in-vehicle entertainment system. An Xbox 360 console can be seen in one section of the game, with the box of the fictional "Night Springs" video game next to it, which are collectibles in "The Writer" DLC episode. In multiple sections of the game, Microsoft Tag bar codes can be seen; these can be scanned in real life by the user with the appropriate software on their mobile device. When scanned, these tags redirect players to a phone number with the voicemail from one of the game's character, or to a Verizon-sponsored web site where users gain access to exclusive "Alan Wake" extras for their console. This functionality is only available in the United States.

The game's score is composed by Petri Alanko. The soundtrack features the song "War" by Poets of the Fall, from the band's fourth studio album, "Twilight Theater". Sam Lake said that the song "...is a prominent part of the "Alan Wake" soundtrack and the theme also links strongly to the game's storyline." Poets of the Fall also perform two original songs, "Children of the Elder God" and "The Poet and the Muse", under the name Old Gods of Asgard. The band wrote the ending theme to Remedy's previous game, "", called "Late Goodbye", which is based on a poem written by Lake. "War", however, was not written specifically for "Alan Wake". "Haunted" by Poe plays at the end of the second episode. "Space Oddity" by David Bowie plays over the end credits. Anomie Belle's "How Can I Be Sure" is featured in the third episode. "Coconut" by Harry Nilsson is played several times during game. On 20 July 2010, an official soundtrack consisting of 18 tracks was released.

"Alan Wake" was first released exclusively for the Xbox 360 video game console. The game was scheduled to be released on 18 May 2010 in North America, and on 21 May in Europe. When the game went gold on 7 April 2010, the European release date was moved up a week. Therefore, the game was released in Europe first, on 14 May 2010, and then in North America on 18 May, as originally scheduled. On 23 November 2010, "Alan Wake" was released on the Games on Demand service of Xbox Live. On 16 February 2012, a version of the game for Microsoft Windows was released.

"Alan Wake" was also released in a limited collector's edition, packaged in a case resembling a hardcover book. The collector's edition contains the game, a book titled "The Alan Wake Files", and an exclusive soundtrack CD. It also features a developer commentary, and lends access to virtual items for Xbox 360, such as themes and Avatar clothes.

Despite the cancellation of the PC version at the same time as the Xbox 360 release as a result of Microsoft's decision, Remedy's Oskari Häkkinen stated that "PC gaming is part of Remedy's heritage" and that the developers still wanted to release a PC version of the game. Remedy continued pressing Microsoft to allow the creation of a PC version, eventually gaining it in mid-2011; Häkkinen attributed Microsoft's agreement partially to their repeated requests, but as well as Remedy's good standing with Microsoft, and the time factor, having the PC version be available ahead of "American Nightmare". Development of the PC version began in earnest, with a small team from Remedy working with Finnish independent developer Nitro Games. Instead of starting from the scrapped PC version, the team worked from the Xbox 360 code and added in new features to take advantage of more powerful elements on modern PC machines. Core to the PC version was to make sure that the game played well using typical keyboard and mouse controls in addition to a controller, and to assure the graphics exceeded the limitations of the Xbox 360; Matias Myllyrinne, Remedy's CEO, stated that these elements were important, as "If this is not tuned to perfection, all the visuals are lost and the emotional touchstones are missed". The PC version was completed in about five months, and the game formally announced to the public in December 2011.

The game, which includes the main game and both DLC chapters, was released on the Steam platform on 16 February 2012. Within 48 hours, Remedy announced that revenue from sale of this version surpassed their development and marketing costs for the game. A retail PC version, distributed by Nordic Games, was released on 2 March 2012, in both a regular edition and a Collector's edition, containing a soundtrack disc, "The Alan Wake Files", and other special content. The PC retail release for the United States was released on 24 April 2012, being distributed by Legacy Interactive.

In December 2013, Remedy and Xbox released a special collector's edition of the hit horror game, loaded with new content on the disc, including a 44-page digital comic book with art by Gerry Kissell and Amin Amat, and written by Remedy Entertainment's Mikko Rautalahti, who also wrote the script for the video game.

A promotional live-action tie-in web series/miniseries titled "Bright Falls" was made available a few weeks before the game's release on the web and the Xbox Live service. The six episodes of "Bright Falls" were co-written and directed by Phillip Van, and they serve as a prequel to the game, set in the eponymous town before Alan Wake arrives there. The main character in the series is Jake Fischer (played by Christopher Forsyth), a newspaper reporter who visits the town on business.

A number of characters are shared between "Bright Falls" and "Alan Wake", including diner waitress Rose, Dr. Emil Hartman, radio host Pat Maine and Alan Wake himself, who appears briefly in the final episode. The actors who play these characters also serve as voice actors and physical models for the characters in the game.

The web series begins as Jake Fischer arrives in Bright Falls to interview Dr. Hartman on his new book, an assignment from his publication agency. After a series of encounters with local townspeople, Jake soon finds himself the victim of long periods of lost time and black outs. He finds himself waking up in the middle of a forest and other locations where he had not been previously. He also develops an aversion towards lights and daytime. The longer he stays in Bright Falls, the more violent his behaviour becomes. When he realises this, he tries to duct-tape himself to a refrigerator and recording videotape himself in his sleep to see what might be causing the behaviour. It is implied that he is being completely taken over by the Dark Presence, to the point of murdering several people. He then vanishes, just before the arrival of Alan and Alice Wake.

During 2010, two "special feature" episodes of "Alan Wake" were developed and released as downloadable content (DLC) on the Xbox Live service, which serve to bridge the gap between the game's ending, and a possible sequel.

The first of the two, titled "The Signal", was released on 27 July 2010. David Houghton of GamesRadar+ said it was one of the best segments of the game, but worried that it made the main game feel comparatively less impressive.

The second episode, "The Writer", was released on 12 October 2010. Erik Brudvig of IGN called it a must-buy for anyone that already purchased "The Signal", and said it satisfyingly closed out the game's story. He did feel that both DLCs were pricey for the amount of content they provided.

The limited collector's edition of the game includes a 144-page book called "The Alan Wake Files", which expands on the storyline of the game. A novelisation of "Alan Wake" was written by Rick Burroughs. An art/making of book, entitled "Alan Wake: Illuminated" is also available.

"Alan Wake" received "generally favorable" reviews on both platforms according to review aggregator Metacritic.

Michael Plant from "The Independent" gave the game a score of 5/5. He praised "Alan Wake" for its "flawless pacing", which "ensures a compulsive experience". The editing and plot were also received very positively, making the game "the kind of experience the current console generation was made for."

"The Daily Telegraph" rated the game 9/10 with editor Nick Cowen being impressed by its "stunning" look, stating the town of Bright Falls and its surrounding environment to be "authentic" in terms of architecture, vegetation, weather and lighting. He described the atmosphere as being able to "...turn on a dime from feeling safe and serene to one of choking menace and foreboding...". Combat mechanics and plot were also praised with the first making "the player feel constantly under threat." and the latter being described as one of the game's "strongest assets". Criticism included the quality of the facial animation and the relatively short length of the game.

Dirk Lammers said the game kept "players on the edge of their seats", giving a final score of 4 out of 4 in his review for the Associated Press. Matt Greenop from "The New Zealand Herald" rated the game 5/5 and praised the game's "excellent pace" due to its episodic format. He also praised the "chilling" storyline, "brilliant environments" and concluded the game to be "one of the most innovative and entertaining titles so far this year." William Vitka from the "New York Post" graded it B+, praising the game for its "scary atmosphere", music, graphics and "surprising level of complexity" in combat, but commented negatively on the game's animation and storyline.

Brian Crecente, editor-in-chief of Kotaku, praised the general use of light as a gameplay-mechanic. He commented on the episodic structure, saying it made the player feel satisfied even after short gameplay sessions. He also praised the overall storyline, having played the final episode thrice in a row, saying: "For the first time in my life, I have experienced something that plays like a game but has the impact of a movie... Alan Wake is a powerful ride, an experience bound to leave you thinking about it and wanting more for days after its completion." He criticised the game for not providing enough information about Wake and his wife, despite being "packed with memorable people", but concluded that the game "redefines interactive storytelling".

Tom McShea criticised the game for lacking "surprising, memorable gameplay moments" in his review for GameSpot, but hailed it for its "fresh" story-telling, great original as well as licensed music, "subtle" lighting effects, which, along with the soundtrack, "create a disturbing atmosphere", "satisfying" combat system and "clever" inclusion of collectibles, giving a final score of 8.5/10.

IGN's Charles Onyett scored the game 9/10, providing it with the "Editors' Choice Award". He described it as "hard to put down once you have started", and appreciated the game for its episodic structure, "interesting" story-telling mechanic, lighting effects, soundtrack and combat system, which he described as "fast and responsive", but criticised the writing as "uneven". The game received high marks for its "strong atmosphere", "fun gameplay", and "great visuals", but lost some due to its "weak ending".

Tom Orry from VideoGamer.com also awarded a score of 9/10, praising the game for its "clever narrative", "incredible atmosphere" and soundtrack which he described as "one of the best and most memorable I've ever heard in a video game". GameTrailers gave the game an 8.6/10. The review praised the game's presentation for "selling you completely on its twisted nightmare", and providing a "genuine sense of dread". Eurogamer's Ellie Gibson awarded a score of 7/10, stating that although she did not consider the game to be very original, she found it accessible and undemanding, with a "neat combat mechanic".

Chris Kohler from Wired magazine was more critical and gave it 6/10, saying "when presented with an infinite number of possible resolutions, any answer is going to feel arbitrary. Alan Wake starts strong but finishes weak. Neither the gameplay nor the story deliver on their potential by the time the credits roll". Kohler, however, praised main character, certain gameplay decisions and "unique story".

"Alan Wake" has received a number of nominations and awards for its achievements in video gaming in 2010. Editors of "Time" magazine rendered "Alan Wake" the best video game of 2010. In its Best Xbox 360 Games of 2010 list, IGN awarded "Alan Wake" "Best Horror Game", and also nominated it for "Best Story," "Coolest Atmosphere," "Most Innovative Gameplay," and "Best Character" (for the character of Alan Wake). The game was nominated in the "Best Xbox 360 Game" category at the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards, and received three nominations at the 2nd Annual Inside Gaming Awards in the categories "Best Narrative," "Best Sound Design" and "Most Compelling Character" (for Alan Wake). GameSpot's Best Games of 2010 Awards featured seven nominations for the game, including "Best Story" and "Best Writing/Dialogue," and won the reader's choice award for "Best Original IP." IGN ranked it No. 61 in their "Top Modern Games" ranking.

The game's soundtrack has won Best Score – European at the 2010 Annual Game Music Awards, with the panel stating "Breaking composer Petri Alanko's expansive score for the critically acclaimed Alan Wake captured the hearts of gamers and stand-alone listeners alike with its intimate orchestrations and psychological explorations."

NPD Group stated sales for the first two weeks reached 145,000 units. According to a report, "Alan Wake" is the second most illegally copied Xbox 360 game of 2010, with more than 1.1 million downloads. It includes an amusing feature where if "pirated", the character wears an eye patch during the game. According to a report by IndustryGamers, sales of "Alan Wake" would be much higher than previously estimated, at around 1.4 million, as of December 2011. This includes the digital sales of the game during the Xbox 360 2011 Holiday bundle, which included a token to download "Alan Wake", as well as a retail copy of "Forza Motorsport 3".

On 13 March 2012, Remedy Entertainment announced that the game has passed 2 million copies sold, including Xbox 360 and PC. On 23 May 2013, Remedy creative director Sam Lake announced that the game and its standalone follow up had sold 3 million copies. On 25 March 2015, Remedy's CEO Matias Myllyrinne tweeted that the franchise had sold over 4.5 million units. The following month a Polygon story on the game's prototype for a sequel mentioned that "Alan Wake" had sold more than 3.2 million copies.

Due to expiring music licenses, all digital and retail versions of "Alan Wake" were pulled from purchase from the various storefronts as of 15 May 2017, though Remedy offered a large discount for the title in the days prior to removal. The removal does not affect those who already own the game, nor does it impact the availability of "Alan Wake's American Nightmare", though that title will likely be affected similarly when its own licensing deals expire.

However, by October 2018, Remedy had been able to rework the music licensing details with Microsoft's help, and the game was made available again on Windows storefronts, with the original music tracks. Remedy is currently working to also secure the rights for the Xbox platform in the near future.

At "Alan Wake"s release, Remedy had intended for a sequel; developer Oskari Häkkinen stated that Remedy saw the game as "Season 1" and its DLC was to "bridge the gap to what we're working towards." Häkkinen stated they were not directly working on a sequel at that time, as Microsoft had focused them to complete the DLC. Writer Mikko Rautalahti adds the story is "bigger than one game" and the sequel would be "weird and wonderful".

In May 2011, leaked information led to Remedy confirming they were working on a new "Alan Wake" project, but affirmed it was not a full sequel. This was ultimately revealed to be "Alan Wake's American Nightmare", a short standalone game released in 2012 that follows Alan's adventures after the first game that they wanted to release on the Xbox Live Arcade platform. The Remedy team had looked at a project borrowing from zombie and monster films like "From Dusk till Dawn", and wanted to create more of a sandbox mode for players to fight off waves of enemies (which became the game's Arcade mode, "Fight Till Dawn"); they then worked these elements into Alan's story, keeping the theme of "The Twilight Zone" to progress the story.

In May 2013, a new game by Remedy was announced at the Xbox One event called "Quantum Break", before explaining the following day that a sequel to "Alan Wake" had been postponed. Despite their love of the property and initially beginning work on a sequel, "Alan Wake" was not financially successful enough to receive the funding they needed to continue developing the sequel at the time. In April 2015, Polygon published an article describing the development process of "Alan Wake 2" that started shortly after the first game released. "Alan Wake 2" already had a working prototype and Remedy was prepared to pitch the game to Microsoft. However, according to Sam Lake, Remedy's founder, Microsoft wanted something else and development of the sequel has shifted to "Quantum Break. "Most of the ideas for "Alan Wake 2 "were implemented on "American Nightmare", like the game's location, the Arizona Desert, and the concept of Taken enemies with special abilities.

In July 2018, Remedy CEO Telo Virtala stated that any further sequels to "Alan Wake" would require Microsoft Studios' approval as the publishing rights holder, though Remedy otherwise owns all other IP rights to the series. Virtala stated: "Considering our history... Alan Wake was really interesting but it was a collaboration with Microsoft. Due to certain reasons, it never got a sequel." Director of communications Thomas Puha stated in April 2019 that Remedy had briefly returned to work on an "Alan Wake" property about two years prior, but the effort did not work out, and the company is presently booked for the next few years, between their own new game "Control", supporting Smilegate on its game "CrossFire", and another new project. Puha said that the only limited factor for them to work on an "Alan Wake" sequel was "time, money, and resources".

In July 2019, Remedy fully acquired the rights to "Alan Wake" from Microsoft, including a one-time royalty payment of about for the game series' past sales.

Following "Alan Wake: American Nightmare", Remedy released "Quantum Break" in 2016, and then "Control" in 2019. "Control" is based on a fictional Federal Bureau of Control that seeks out paranormal activity and secures objects that may be behind these "Altered World Events" (AWEs). "Control" has several Easter eggs to "Alan Wake", with the events of Bright Falls being treated as an AWE for the Bureau. Elements of "Alan Wake", such as Alan himself, the typewriter and cabin, and the Clicker, are mentioned directly by in-game memos within "Control".

In September 2018, Remedy Entertainment and Contradiction Films announced plans to develop a live-action "Alan Wake" series, with Peter Calloway as the showrunner and Remedy's Sam Lake as executive producer. Contradiction Film's Tomas Harlan had seen "Alan Wake"s potential as a television series, in part that the game was constructed in episodic chapters and presented in a linear fashion, and had spoken to Lake about it several times, and in 2018 began to start on a firm planning process, which including bringing Calloway on board during the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2018. The show plans to use concepts from the scrapped "Alan Wake 2", as well as building upon what the first game and "American Nightmare" provided; Harlan does not expect the series to be in lock-step with the game and while Alan Wake would be the central character of the show, they would spend more time developing his companions from the game. The group planned to shop the show around to networks in October.



</doc>
<doc id="1895977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1895977" title="Elite Dangerous">
Elite Dangerous

Elite Dangerous is a space flight simulation game developed and published by Frontier Developments. Piloting a spaceship, the player explores a realistic 1:1 scale open-world representation of the Milky Way galaxy, with the gameplay being open-ended. The game is the first in the series to attempt to feature massively multiplayer gameplay, with players' actions affecting the narrative story of the game's persistent universe, while also retaining single-player options. "Elite Dangerous" is the fourth game in the "Elite" video game series, one of the longest-running video game franchises. It is the sequel to "", released in 1995.

Having been unable to agree to a funding deal with a publisher for many years, the developer began its Kickstarter campaign in November 2012. Pre-release test versions of the game had been available to backers since December 2013, and the final game was released for Windows in December 2014, with the macOS version later released in May 2015. A "preview" version of the game for Xbox One was later released via the Xbox Game Preview Program in June 2015 during Microsoft's briefing at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2015, and was fully released in October 2015, while a PlayStation 4 version was released on 27 June 2017. "Elite Dangerous" additionally supports all PC virtual reality devices. By the end of April 2015, "Elite Dangerous" had sold over 500,000 copies, with Frontier Developments expected to generate £22 million from sales. As of 15 January 2019, cumulative sales of "Elite Dangerous" exceeded 4.3 million franchise units, composed of 3 million base game units and 1.3 million "Horizons" expansion units.

Upon its release in 2014, "Elite Dangerous" began in year 3300 and has been in sync with UTC albeit 1286 years in the future. The game is set around 45 years after "Frontier: First Encounters". "Elite Dangerous" retains the basic premise of previous games – players start with a spaceship and a small amount of money in an open galaxy and role-play in various activities to acquire more money and merit. These activities include trading, mining, exploration, bounty-hunting, piracy and assassination.

The game is the first in the series to feature online multiplayer with access to a massively multiplayer persistent world called Open Play, as well as an online-only single player mode. Open Play gameplay is similar to "Eve Online" in that many actions that would be considered griefing in other multiplayer games are generally permitted, as long as there is a valid roleplaying reason (e.g. robbery, extortion and blocking off star systems). However, some actions, such as "mob mentality" persecution of players, exploiting mechanics of the game (such as quitting the game in the middle of a fight to avoid death), and swearing are not allowed, and could result in a ban from the main server.

Within the virtual galaxy, the player can explore some 400 billion star systems complete with planets and moons that rotate and orbit in real time, reflecting dynamic day-night cycles. Around 150,000 of the game's star systems are taken from real astronomical data, while a few partially fictional planetary systems, which were created in "Frontier" and "First Encounters" before a significant number of exoplanets were discovered, are carried over. For example, none of the gas giants of the Fomalhaut system correspond with the detected properties of Fomalhaut b. A handful of entirely fictional systems named in the original "Elite", and also featured in later games, are included (e.g. the original starting system Lave). The remainder are procedurally generated according to scientific models. Players can dock their ships at space stations and outposts located throughout the galaxy in star systems to trade goods, purchase new spacecrafts, re-arm their ship, effect repairs and do missions from Mission Boards. Players may also find lost cargo or encounter other ships while in flight by investigating Unidentified Signal Sources.

There are three major factions, the "Empire of Achenar", the "Galactic Federation", and the "Alliance of Independent Systems". Patch 1.3, which launched in June 2015, featured the "Power Play" addition which introduced competitive, galactical faction challenges. Players can ally themselves with an in-game faction and contribute to it by completing faction missions while also earning various rewards. The collective outcome of each faction's achievements determines faction powers, territorial control, and their proceeding objectives. Each faction has their own line of ships that are obtained by acquiring ranks within the respective faction, except Alliance ships which are not locked behind a ranking system. The Federation has six ships made by an in-game federal corporation called Core Dynamics. The Empire has six ships manufactured by Gutamaya, an Imperial corporation. The Alliance has three ships, none of which require rank, manufactured by Lakon Spaceways.

There are three archetypal player roles attached with individual rankings (also known as player status) separate from faction rankings. They are Combat, Exploration and Trading. Players gain experience points and rank by completing activities that are divided among the three roles. For example, a bounty-hunting player destroying pirates will gain Combat experience points and progress in rank. On 15 March 2015, the first player who reached triple elite status, the highest status, won £10,000. A certain status or rank with a faction can grant access permits to a number of systems that require them. Benefits include ship discount prices.

Starting in 2012, "Elite Dangerous" was developed using Frontier Development's own in-house COBRA game development engine. Frontier had been working on the game as a skunk-works background activity for some time prior to its Kickstarter launch, with other projects being prioritised.

On 14 November 2014, one month before launch, David Braben announced the removal of the game's offline single player mode, the developers having decided that they could not deliver an acceptable offline-only experience based on the original design. The Windows version of the game was released on 16 December 2014.

On 4 March 2015, Microsoft announced at the Game Developers Conference that "Elite Dangerous" would be released on Xbox One and was later launched in early access as part of Microsoft's Game Preview program during E3 in 2015. On 2 April 2015, the game was made available on Steam with support for cross-buy between the Windows version and the Mac version, the latter being released in May 2015. Although there are no plans for a Linux version of the game, Braben stated in 2014 that "There is no reason why COBRA cannot run on Linux, running through OpenGL." A version for PlayStation 4 was released on 27 June 2017. The support of the OS X Version ended with the update 3.3 on 12 December 2018

Braben has said that Thargoids, the warlike, insectoid aliens from the original games, would make an appearance in some capacity. Mission objectives introduced in May 2015 about ancient specimens fueled speculation of the coming introduction of the Thargoid species. On 5 January 2017, the Thargoids were possibly encountered by a player. The ship encountered was alien in nature. Through an escalation of encounters, it was eventually revealed the encountered race was in fact Thargoids. While initially Thargoid encounters were non-violent, a number of space stations have since been attacked leading to missions based on investigating, researching, and gathering materials to increase weapon effectiveness against the Thargoids. 

In the most recent of events an extinct alien race named The Guardians was discovered with players allowed to explore the ancient ruins they left behind in order to gather data and materials to unlock special Guardian modules and specialized Human–Guardian hybrid weapons with increased effectiveness against Thargoid ships. 

At the 2011 Game Developers Conference, following a presentation on the development of the original "Elite", Braben was asked in a Q&A session if "Elite 4" was still on the drawing board. He replied "yes, it would be a tragedy for it not to be". The project had difficulty in attracting sufficient funding, which Braben had attributed to the traditional publishing model, which he saw as being biased against games with no recent comparable predecessors.

Braben had previously discussed crowdfunding as a possible solution in April 2012. Public fundraising commenced in November 2012 using the Kickstarter website, the campaign lasting 60 days, with the aim being to raise £1.25m and deliver a finished game by March 2014. Braben described the campaign as a way of "test-marketing the concept to verify there is broader interest in such a game", in addition to raising the funds.

Following the end of the Kickstarter, further public funding was sought through the developer's UK website, via PayPal. By April 2014, £1.7m had been raised, and Braben had reacquired the legal rights to the "Elite" franchise. Although the game's original total development budget had been £8 million, by September 2014 this had, in Braben's words, "grown by quite a lot".

A playable alpha version of the game was released to certain Kickstarter backers in December 2013. In May 2014, the game entered the first phase of its beta test, focusing primarily on testing the systems and servers with a greater number of players. A pre-release "gamma" build was released to backers three weeks before launch, to give them a head start on other players. On 2 April 2015, the beta Mac version went live, accessible to all backers.

The first "season" of expansions for "Elite Dangerous", named "Horizons", was announced on 5 August 2015 at Gamescom, entered beta on 30 November 2015 and was released on 15 December 2015 for PC, followed by a 3 June 2016 release for Xbox One. Frontier Developments currently has no plans to release the expansion for Mac OS X unless Apple provides support for compute shaders, which Frontier believes are required to render planet surfaces and other objects. "Elite Dangerous: Horizons" is a separately priced product. Original customers who also purchased "Horizons" received exclusive access to the Cobra Mk. IV ship.

"Horizons" adds planetary landings, ground vehicles and bases, synthesis of consumables and temporary ship upgrades, ship-launched fighters, passenger missions, a character creator, and co-op multicrew support for larger ships. Planetary landings feature procedurally generated planets, initially supporting only worlds without an atmosphere. Players can choose to set down at planetary bases or at any point of their choosing and can deploy a new six-wheeled ground vehicle called the SRV ("Surface Reconnaissance Vehicle"). This vehicle is equipped with weapons, a "wave scanner" for finding resources, shipwrecks etc., a datalink system for hacking into bases, and thrusters that can lift the vehicle up above the ground for short periods of time. Thrusters in the wheels can be used to affix it to the ground on low-gravity worlds. Materials found on planets can be combined to boost ship jump range, synthesize repair materials, or upgrade weapons.

"Horizons" is billed as a season of five expansions, starting with planetary landings and then followed with a more comprehensive looting and crafting system released in May 2016, ship-launched fighters and passenger missions released in October 2016, and support for multiple players working cooperatively on the same ship planned for a future expansion within the first half of 2017 ahead of PlayStation 4 release and with a 5th expansion to follow after that. The 2nd, 3rd and 4th expansions were announced originally for spring, summer and autumn 2016 respectively. But the 5th expansion had no reference to "winter", was not time-scheduled and had no content description, only stating a cryptic "soon" reference. The ability to walk around and the types of worlds players can land on is expected to be expanded during upcoming seasons, with landing on planets with atmospheres or earthlike worlds not being part of the "Horizons" season, but due at a later stage.
On 24 February 2017, due to the new discovery in the Trappist-1 system, the 2.3 update would be delayed to put it in the game. The 2.3 update called The Commanders was released on 11 April 2017, five days earlier than originally said. It consists of a 'Commander Creator' (also known as the Holo-Me), Multicrew and various other features. The 2.4 update called "The Return", with an expanded storyline for the alien Thargoids, was released on 26 September 2017.

"Beyond" is the official title for the series of updates (3.0 onwards) which followed "Horizons". It focused on improvements to the core gameplay along with improvements to the game's "crime and punishment" system, better trading data, new wing missions, new ships (including the Alliance Chieftain, Krait, and alien Thargoid scouts), more interaction with megaships and installations, a "tech broker" offering more advanced weapons, in-game Galnet audio, an overhaul of mining, new astronomical anomalies to discover, and improvements to planetary visuals and more detailed surface environments. An open beta for 3.0 was released on 25 January 2018, with official launch of "Chapter One" on 27 February 2018. Subsequent "Chapters" were released across each quarter of 2018 culminating in the release of "Chapter Four" on 11 December 2018 that brought night vision capabilities along with a completely redesigned exploration system, planetary probes, and a Full Spectrum Scanner (FSS) tool for scanning unexplored star systems.

Simultaneously announced and launched on 16 February 2016, "Elite Dangerous: Arena" was a low-priced standalone version of the CQC (Closed Quarters Combat) arena mode from "Elite Dangerous" allowing newcomers and those who already have "Elite Dangerous" to compete against each other. The corresponding game mode in "Elite Dangerous" was also renamed from "CQC" to "Arena" on the same day.

From 7 to 11 July 2016, the game was offered for free on Steam. On 10 February 2017 it was removed for sale on Steam but it remains available as a play mode from the main "Elite Dangerous" game.

"Elite Dangerous" received an aggregated score of 80/100 on Metacritic based on 52 critics, indicating that the game received "generally positive reviews" from critics.

Chris Thursten of PC Gamer rated the game 86/100, considering it to be "potentially a classic", depending on Frontier's ability to build on the "broad but somewhat shallow foundations" of the released version. Thursten described the gameplay experience as "exhilarating excitement, matched by nothing else this year, contrasted with moments of emptiness, frustration, and boredom". Dan Whitehead of Eurogamer gave the game 8/10 and considered it to be "probably the most immersive and compelling recreation of deep space ever seen in gaming", while finding some of the gameplay repetitive. Andy Kelly of GamesRadar gave the game 4/5, calling it a "compelling space sandbox" and a "welcome return" of the "Elite" franchise, but felt that the game at launch was "missing a lot of important features, especially when it comes to multiplayer". Roger Hargreaves of the Metro gave it 7/10, describing the game as a "solid start" that had yet to fulfil its potential. Reviewing the game for IGN, Rob Zacny called it "one of the most enthralling and evocative space combat and trade sim games I've ever played" and "also one of the most boring", seeing the balance of "brief, intense emotional peaks and long, shallow valleys of boredom" as "fundamental to Elite's identity". Reviewing a later version of the game in April 2015, after playing the game since launch, Lee Hutchinson from Ars Technica described "Dangerous" as "so damn good that it transcends its problems". Joel Peterson of Destructoid gave the PlayStation 4 version of the game 9/10, calling it "A hallmark of excellence. There may be flaws, but they are negligible and won't cause massive damage."

The announcement of the removal of the offline mode on 14 November 2014 was met by a number of complaints from customers, with some saying they had backed the game on the understanding that it would feature offline play and others that there had been no prior warning of removal during the whole of the preceding development period. Frontier offered refunds to customers who had pre-ordered the game without playing it, and said that those who had already played the game, in alpha or beta form, would not be eligible for refunds. Later, Braben, speaking for the company, announced that refunds would be judged on a "case-by-case" basis.

The game had sold around 1.7 million units by the end of May 2016. By the end of December 2016 over 2.1 million paid franchise units were sold of "Elite Dangerous". As of 15 January 2019, cumulative sales of "Elite Dangerous" exceeded 4.3 million franchise units, composed of 3 million base game units and 1.3 million "Horizons" expansion units.

"Elite Dangerous" won "Best of E3" from "The Escapist" and games.cz in 2014. "Elite Dangerous" won the Game Developers Choice Award 2015 for best audience. It was ranked as the Best VR Game of 2016 from Game Revolution. It was nominated for Evolving Game by the British Academy Games Awards (BAFTA) in 2017. The game was also nominated for the "Still Playing" award at the 2019 Golden Joystick Awards. "Elite Dangerous: Beyond" was nominated for "Evolving Game" at the 2019 British Academy Games Awards.


</doc>
<doc id="1898799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1898799" title="MVP Baseball 2005">
MVP Baseball 2005

MVP Baseball 2005 is a baseball video game developed and published by Electronic Arts. It features then-Boston Red Sox left fielder Manny Ramirez on its cover. The game features full Major League Baseball, Minor League Baseball, and Major League Baseball Players Association licenses. It holds the 98th spot on IGN's reader's choice top 100 games ever as of 2006. As with previous versions of the game, the announcers are Duane Kuiper and Mike Krukow, real-life announcers for the San Francisco Giants.

A PlayStation Portable version of the game, titled just MVP Baseball, was later released in May 2005.

MVP Baseball 2005 includes all 30 official Major League Baseball teams, stadiums, and all 30 unique dynasties, as well as the more than 1,000 individual players that populate their respective teams. A notable exclusion is Barry Bonds, who does not appear in the game due to his withdrawal from the MLBPA's licensing agreement. His "replacement" is a fictional player named Jon Dowd. Dowd bears no resemblance in appearance to Bonds, but his skills mimic those of Bonds. Like its predecessor "MVP Baseball 2004", this game does not include Kevin Millar, who does not appear in the game because he is not a member of the MLBPA. His "replacement" is a fictional player named Anthony Friese. The game also includes authentic minor league teams and actual minor league players by including double-A and triple-A-level farm teams. 2005's installment includes ballclubs from the High Single-A ranks as well, giving each MLB team three levels of minor league farm clubs. 2 legends teams, 63 legendary players, 15 classic stadiums, 5 fantasy parks, and more than 100 retro uniforms round out the list of unlockable features. Rosters are current as of January 12, 2005, and the game included the then-new Washington Nationals, along with their then temporary home, RFK Stadium. At the time, new rosters could be downloaded to the Xbox and PS2 versions by accessing their online play menus.

MVP Baseball 2005 includes an exhibition mode, a manager's mode, two different franchise modes, a scenario editor, and a handful of baseball-themed practice games. The exhibition mode lets the player quickly set up a game against another team, and both pick a starting pitcher and adjust the lineup, if needed. The manager mode is simulated based on the choices the players make before the opening pitch. The player doesn't actually see the players swing or make plays. Instead, the player picks from a list of managerial choices, and the outcome of each play is printed onscreen in a running box score. The scenario editor lets players adjust 20 different variables—such as the teams involved, inning, count, who's on base, and so on—the players can set up every possible scenario that has ever occurred in baseball history.

A minor glitch in Kuiper's commentary is about switch-hitters who are currently batting, claiming the batter hits better from one side, but when looking at the batter's power and/or contact stats, they actually hit better from the other side. For example, although Lance Berkman's power and contact stats are both higher batting left-handed in the game by default, Kuiper will claim that Berkman hits better batting right-handed. Another quirk is that he claims Hack Wilson set the MLB single-season runs scored record with 192 in 1930. However, he actually set the MLB single-season "RBIs" record with 191 in 1930. The single-A Wilmington Blue Rocks' uniforms are misspelled, with an extra L in "Wilmington."

Both the dynasty and owner's modes keep track of events and statistics. Injuries and suspensions occur throughout the season, requiring the players to adjust lineups accordingly. Other teams will offer trades, and some of the players' own players will ask to be traded. On the statistics side, the game keeps a running tally of the current and previous season statistics in 64 different categories, along with 120 years' worth of league leading stats.

Dynasty Mode lets gamers draft and manage a team for up to 120 full seasons, including spring training games. Responsibilities include setting lineups, making trades, and shuffling players up and down through the team's three minor league farm clubs. Team chemistry, rivalries, and player moods are also variables in the dynasty mode that can be strengthened or weakened by win/loss records, player salaries, playing time, and position in the batting order or pitching rotation. The players' moods can be monitored via face icons in each player's profile. If a player is unhappy or wants to be traded, the player may send a message in MVP Inbox asking the players if they could consider their desires. The game gives the player a changing series of 1 and 3-year goals to live up to. Meeting these goals boosts managerial rating and team chemistry. Failing to do so has the opposite effect. Games can be played in real time, or chunks of the season can be simulated in one fell swoop. The dynasty mode in "MVP Baseball 2004" had a bug that made it impossible for computer-generated players to evolve into A-list superstars unless the players actually played 95% of the team's games. That was fixed in the 2005 release. It's now possible to give players an added stats bonus by playing the batting and pitching minigames during spring training.

The other franchise-style mode is called Owner Mode, and much like the similar mode in EA's Madden NFL games, it tacks ownership and financial responsibilities on to Dynasty Mode. Here the players can set ticket and concessions prices, hire staff, buy and sell new stadium shops, schedule promotional giveaways, and buy all sorts of stadium upgrades (such as scoreboards, additional seats, home run fireworks, and luxury boxes). The goal is to last for 30 years. There are a variety of player, team, and financial reports to look at that show team's progress on a daily and yearly basis. In Owner Mode, players may design a custom ballpark for their team. The ballpark editor lets the players pick from a set list of various locations, field shapes, and seat colors, as well as specific wall, grass, and dirt designs. It also lets players add on additional seating levels and grandstands throughout the course of the career.

The most prominent new feature in the game is the "Hitter's Eye" system, which turns the baseball different colors in the pitcher's hand (stays white for fastballs, red for breaking pitches, green for off-speed pitches, pink for sinkers and orange for knuckleballs) and leaves a trail as the ball flies through the air toward the plate to aid in hitting, which game developers said had been too difficult in previous versions. In addition to the Hitter's Eye, an Owner Mode feature and pitching and hitting Mini-Games were added. Other minor features include the ability for the managers to argue with the umpires at any time (automatic ejection for arguing balls and strikes) and a slow motion overhead view of the plate that can be accessed after every pitch (pitch/swing analysis) to see pitch location or the batter's timing. Games can also be rained out, forcing a player to play a doubleheader. Minor league teams from the California, Carolina, and Florida State Leagues (High A) were added to their respective teams, although most Minor League rosters are incomplete and feature developer-created replacement players. The game also supported online play, but as of 2008 the servers for the Xbox and PS2 versions are unavailable.

The soundtrack for "MVP Baseball 2005" includes nine songs all by different artists. The game was the first release for four of these songs, from artists ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead, The Bravery, Hot Hot Heat and Louis XIV. The soundtrack is widely held as one of the best in-game soundtracks of the 2000s.

By July 2006, the PlayStation 2 version of "MVP Baseball 2005" had sold 1 million copies and earned $29 million in the United States. "Next Generation" ranked it as the 55th highest-selling game launched for the PlayStation 2, Xbox or GameCube between January 2000 and July 2006 in that country. Combined console sales of "MVP Baseball" games released in the 2000s reached 3.5 million units in the United States by July 2006.

The game was met with positive to average reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 87.53% and 88 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 87.10% and 87 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 86.96% and 86 out of 100 for the Xbox version; 84.57% and 85 out of 100 for the PC version; and 66.78% and 67 out of 100 for the PSP version.

The game was given an award for best sports video game of 2005 from "X-Play".
In May 2013 the game ranked fourth on a "Best sports video games" list by ESPN.

"MVP Baseball 2005" was a finalist for "PC Gamer US"s "Best Sports Game 2005" award, which ultimately went to "Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06".

After EA lost the license and ended the support for the game, the game's modding community continues the support and releases updated roster lists every year as also alternative leagues (e.g. MVP Caribe, MVP Mods, etc.).



</doc>
<doc id="1899755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1899755" title="Coffee Tycoon">
Coffee Tycoon

Coffee Tycoon is a business simulation game developed by Jamopolis Interactive, published by Reflexive Arcade, and released in 2005. The game involves managing a coffee business by buying new stores, recipes & advertisements.



</doc>
<doc id="1900748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1900748" title="The Matrix: Path of Neo">
The Matrix: Path of Neo

The Matrix: Path of Neo is an action-adventure video game, the third spin-off from "The Matrix" series and the second developed by Shiny Entertainment. The game was written and directed by The Wachowskis, who wrote and directed the three "The Matrix" films. Players control the character Neo, participating in scenes from the films.

In Shiny Entertainment's first licensed Matrix game, "Enter the Matrix", only sideline characters were playable. It did not feature the series' protagonist Neo, and due to its nature as an extension of the films' storyline, had few recreations of scenes in the film trilogy.

"The Matrix: Path of Neo" allows the player to participate in many of the major action scenes in the films. Most of these sequences, picked by the movie directors themselves, are taken from the first film in the series.

At the start of the game, the player is hacker Thomas Anderson, and does not possess any of the powers that the character will later discover as Neo. As the game continues, players learn new skills and techniques, equipping Neo for the final showdown with Agent Smith. These additional skills may be levels and in the main game. Many of these skills are used by Neo in the trilogy, including the bullet dodge, bullet stop, and flight. A number of weapons are available in the game, consisting of both melee weapons (including various types of swords, staves, and escrimas) and firearms (assault rifle, submachine gun, pistol etc.).

The game also allows the player to meet many of the characters in the films, including Trinity, Morpheus and the Merovingian, amongst others.

The game uses film excerpts as cut scenes throughout the game at certain milestones. This footage includes clips from the original "The Matrix" theatrical films, and from other sources, including the short film series, "The Animatrix" and "Enter the Matrix".

"The Matrix: Path of Neo" received "mixed or average reviews" on all platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the PlayStation 2 version a score of one seven, two sixes, and one seven, for a total of 26 out of 40.

"CiN Weekly" gave it a score of 81 out of 100 and called it "An interesting re-imagining of the "Matrix" story in the form of an action game with OK controls and annoying camera." "The New York Times" gave it a positive review and stated: "After spawning two mediocre sequels, a collection of dull cartoon shorts and a couple of forgettable video games, there is some life left in the "Matrix" franchise after all, as this game proves." "USA Today", however, gave it six stars out of ten and stated that the game "underwhelms, failing to convey the spark and visual appeal of the films."


</doc>
<doc id="1900770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1900770" title="Alpha Kimori">
Alpha Kimori

Alpha Kimori is a trilogy of episodic sprite-based role-playing video games. Its art style is anime-inspired. It markets itself as having a highly philosophical plot combined with a traditional Japanese RPG turn-based battle system. "Alpha Kimori" is independently developed by Sherman Chin and Sherman3D. It was produced using the RPG Maker engine.

"Alpha Kimori Great Doubt Episode One" is the first of the trilogy of "Alpha Kimori" Role Playing Games and is a mix between science fiction and fantasy. The game differentiates itself based on character development in the JRPG type linear storyline. "Great Doubt" is named after the underlying Great Doubt philosophy which is inspired by the Japanese Zen and Chinese Tao philosophies. The story is arguably a metaphor for current real-world events. It tells of two opposing forces of Yin and Yang. Both forces are dependent on each other and the good and evil sides are not clearly defined. The story is presented with simple 2D graphics.

Alpha Kimori's story takes place 50 years after the alien invasion of Earth. The newly discovered planet Kimori plays host to two warring human factions – the Bidarians, who want to reclaim Earth, and the Jinrians, who are contented with their new home. The Bidarians are equipped with Robotic Intelligent Cybernetic Armor (RICA) technology while the Jinrians have the ability to transmute into colossal indigenous creatures. Despite the technological background story, the core is about a young Bidarian warrior, Rick, who falls in love with Jinrian princess, Yuki.





(Following characters are introduced in the 2nd episode)



The "Alpha Kimori" theme song features vocals from the Hatsune Miku software and was written and recorded by Japanese composer Yossy.

The "Alpha Kimori" trailer featured the theme song sung by Hatsune Miku and 3D models of the game characters.




</doc>
<doc id="1904536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1904536" title="Cave Story">
Cave Story

Independent developer Nicalis worked with Amaya to port the game to WiiWare and DSiWare in 2010. An enhanced version, Cave Story+, was released for Steam in November 2011, and for the Nintendo 3DS in October 2012. A 3D remake of the game, titled Cave Story 3D, was developed by Nicalis and published by NIS America for the Nintendo 3DS in November 2011. A port of "Cave Story+" for the Nintendo Switch was released in June 2017.

The fast-paced gameplay of "Cave Story" revolves around Quote, a robot who wakes up suffering amnesia who must explore and blast his way through cavernous areas in order to figure out who he is and what he is and his backstory. The character gains access to new areas as he powers up his weapons and solves various platforming puzzles. Quote speaks to non-player characters scattered around the game world in order to learn more and more about the world and its inhabitants.

The player controls the on-screen character directly using the keyboard or gamepad. The player progresses by navigating platform game puzzles and shooting enemies with the equipped weapon. When the player collects multiple weapons, they may be toggled at any time with the press of a button. Defeating enemies sometimes yield yellow triangular objects, which give experience points to weapons when collected. Weapons may be improved up to level three, but taking damage causes weapons to lose experience and levels. Health and missile capacity upgrades are scattered throughout the game world. The player must interact with a variety of non-player characters and objects to complete the game.

"Cave Story" takes place within the cavernous interior of a floating island. The island is populated by Mimigas, a race of sentient, rabbit-like creatures. A particular species of red flower that grows in the island causes the normally peaceful Mimigas to fall into a violent frenzy when ingested. The island also conceals an artifact called the Demon Crown, which has vast magical powers. An army of robot soldiers was sent to the floating island on a military expedition, seeking to harness the Demon Crown as a weapon for wars on the surface world. These robots slaughtered Mimigas indiscriminately in their search for the crown, but were defeated when the Mimigas decided to eat the red flowers as a last resort. Shortly before the game begins, Professor Booster, the Sakamoto family, and various assistants formed a scientific party to research the island, but they became stranded when their medical doctor managed to acquire the Crown: he then forced the expedition to search for the red flowers.

The character awakens in a cave with no memory of how he came to be there. He finds a village of Mimigas, who are being persecuted by the Doctor. The Doctor's servants Misery and Balrog are looking for Sue Sakamoto, a girl who had been transformed into a Mimiga. Not finding her, they mistakenly abduct another Mimiga named Toroko instead. The player finds Sue in the Egg Corridor, where she discovers the eggs of a Sky Dragon, which could allow her to escape the floating island if hatched. Sue attempts to rescue her brother Kazuma, but King, the leader of Mimiga Village, captures her and holds her responsible for Toroko's kidnapping. Sue tasks the player with retrieving Kazuma from Grasstown. After freeing him, they meet Professor Booster, who reveals that the Doctor plans to use the red flowers on Mimigas to create an army to take over the surface world. Booster sends the player to the Sand Zone to destroy the red flowers before the Doctor can find them. While there, the player meets Curly Brace, a female robot who also has no memories of her past, and Jenka, an old witch who is Misery's mother and guardian of the red flowers. Jenka calls the player character a "soldier from the surface", one of many who were sent to the island to slaughter the Mimigas. Balrog manages to steal the key to the warehouse containing the red flowers from Jenka, who urges the player to stop them. Before the player can reach the warehouse, however, the Doctor force-feeds the captured Toroko a red flower and gravely injures King, leaving the player to fight the rabid Toroko, who ultimately dies.

Misery banishes the player to the Labyrinth deep inside the island as punishment for interfering with the Doctor's plans. Curly Brace has also been thrown into the Labyrinth and they cooperate to escape. Balrog helps them to move the boulder blocking the exit, revealing his kind nature. The pair find and defeat the Core, a magical creature whose power keeps the island afloat. However, the Doctor steps in to save it before the island collapses. Depending on certain conditions, the player may rescue Curly Brace, who had sacrificed her air tank to save the player character. When he returns to Mimiga Village, he finds that the Doctor has captured the Mimigas. In the Egg Corridor, Kazuma offers the player a choice to escape the island with him using a Sky Dragon, leading to an alternate ending in which the Doctor conquers the surface world while Kazuma and the player hide in the mountains. The player may instead choose to confront the Doctor and destroy the island's Core, which would return the Mimigas to normal. The player scales the outer wall of the island to reach the Plantation where the Doctor is using the Mimigas as slave laborers to grow red flowers. The Doctor's servants capture the player and place him in a jail cell with Sue. She is taken away before the player wakes up, but her letter reveals that the Doctor was a member of the research expedition that included Sue's family and Professor Booster, but he betrayed them once he found the Demon Crown. Sue directs the player to find her mother who may have a plan to stop the Doctor.

If the player saved Curly Brace earlier, the player may find an item to restore her memories. She remembers that the player character's name is Quote, and that they were not the killer robots who slaughtered Mimigas in the past. Instead, they were sent to destroy the Demon Crown to prevent its power from falling into the wrong hands. Quote finds Sue's mother, Momorin, who is building a rocket that will allow access to the top of the island where the Doctor resides. After helping her complete the rocket, Quote confronts Misery and the Doctor. The Doctor has purified the essence of the red flowers into a crystal, which allows him to survive even after Quote destroys his body. The Doctor's spirit possesses the Core of the island, but Quote succeeds in destroying that as well, causing the island to begin falling to Earth. Should the player have saved Curly, restored her memories and acquired the Booster V2.0 from Professor Booster, they may proceed into a bonus stage called the Bloodstained Sanctuary where Curly can be found and rescued; it is also here that Ballos—creator of the Demon Crown and Jenka's younger brother—is imprisoned. A powerful wizard who went insane and destroyed his homeland after being tortured by a jealous king, Ballos was sealed deep within the island by his sister. At some point, his niece Misery forced him to create the demon crown, but she and Balrog became cursed to serve whoever possessed it. Additionally, it is stated via narration that the Demon Crown will repair itself if it is destroyed, and will only truly lose its power if Ballos is killed, necessitating that Quote and Curly take his life.

With the help of Curly Brace, Quote defeats Ballos and stops the source of the negative energy that was causing the island to fall, saving its inhabitants. Balrog saves the two before they are crushed by Ballos' collapsing prison—he had been sent by Misery as thanks for breaking her curse. Quote, Curly Brace, and Balrog leave the island to live out their days in peace.

Daisuke "Pixel" Amaya developed "Cave Story" in his free time over five years. He began the project when he was in college and continued working on it after getting a job as a software developer. He started by writing the title screen music and programming rudimentary character movements. The idea for the cave setting evolved spontaneously when he created a number of enclosed spaces. Amaya admitted this lack of planning caused "problems down the line" because he did not have dedicated map editing and data management tools. Amaya describes the game as having an "old-fashioned feel", reminiscent of the games he played as a child, like "Metroid". More importantly, this "retro" design choice allowed him to create a large amount of art on his own, which would have been impossible for a 3D game.

At a Game Developers Conference project post-mortem, he emphasized the role of pragmatic design in shaping the game. While designing the main character, "Quote", Amaya drew inspiration from the plumber Mario's iconic original appearance—a large, expressive face and a high contrast between his white skin and red shirt make him stand out from the dark cave backgrounds. Most other characters feature either light skin or white clothes for the same reason. To make levels memorable, Amaya designed them around a single theme, such as "warmth" for the Egg Corridor, and "arid and oppressive" for the Sand Zone. Instead of a tutorial level, a concept Amaya dislikes, the first level of the game gives the player two paths, one of which is blocked off until retrieving an item from the other path. This setup, inspired by the opening of "Metroid", "lets players feel like they've solved problems on their own" and persists throughout the game. In beta versions of the game, all the enemies were shaped like bars of soap, a concept that evolved into the "Balrog" character. There was also a "frog prince" character who could travel through water more easily. Elements of this beta were incorporated into the Nintendo 3DS version of the game.

"Cave Story" has been ported to Linux, Haiku OS, AROS, MorphOS, AmigaOS 4 and Mac OS X operating systems, PlayStation Portable, Xbox, Dreamcast, Sega Genesis, GP2X, GP2X Wiz, and the TI graphing calculator. An enhanced port, featuring updated character designs, remixed music and extra game modes, was developed by Nicalis and released on WiiWare on 22 March 2010 in North America and 10 December 2010 in Europe. Nicalis also ported the game to DSiWare on 29 November 2010 in North America and 22 November 2011 in Japan. Although it does not feature the enhanced graphics and sound or some of the extra modes from the Wii version, it does include the Sanctuary Attack mode. There is also a free/libre SDL-based recreation of the original game engine, titled NXEngine, made by programmer Caitlin Shaw, which allows for extended modification of the game, and the creation of ports for additional devices. The game was released for the Nintendo 3DS's Nintendo eShop service (separate from the retail 3DS game) in the United States on 4 October 2012 and in Europe on 1 May 2014. This version includes the DSiWare version's Jukebox mode, as well as all the additional modes included in "Cave Story+".

An enhanced PC version titled "Cave Story+" was released by Nicalis on the Steam service on 22 November 2011. "Cave Story+" features an alternative script that differs from the original English translation. This version contains all the additional modes from the WiiWare version, a remastered soundtrack, as well as the option to toggle the style of graphics between the classic style and that of the WiiWare version and the music of the original game, the WiiWare port, or the 3DS update. It also features an exclusive 'Wind Fortress' level. The game got an update that added an exclusive Machine Gun Challenge. The game was included as a bonus game in the Humble Indie Bundle 4 sale in December 2011, Humble Bundle 7 in December 2012, and was released on the Desura service in April 2012. On 19 January 2017, Nicalis announced a port of Cave Story+ on the Nintendo Switch, which released on 20 June 2017. This version is packaged with a full-color manual for the game and a Mini CD containing arrangements of the game's soundtrack made in FamiTracker, a chiptune music tracker based on the Famicom's synthesizers; a later update also added two-player cooperative gameplay. Additionally, GameStop purchases of the Nintendo Switch version include one of three keychains modeled after Quote, Curly, and Balrog.

"Cave Story 3D" is a 3D version of the game developed by Nicalis and published by NIS America as a retail title for the Nintendo 3DS. It was released on 8 November 2011 in North America, 11 November 2011 in Europe and 26 July 2012 in Japan. The game was built from scratch using 3D character models, featuring a dynamic camera system and another additional level, as well as a remixed soundtrack by Danny Baranowsky. The Japanese version features crossover content from various NIS and other companies' franchises such as "Crazy Climber", "Ikki", and "Dragon Slayer". In order to devote more time to perfecting the title, Amaya quit his job as a software developer to become director of "Cave Story 3D". He remarked that the transition to 3D was difficult because it required the consideration of so many more details.

The original "Cave Story" earned widespread critical acclaim. 1UP.com described it as "so massive that it rivals modern [Game Boy Advance] "Castlevania" and "Metroid" games in terms of scope and play time". Matt Miller of "Game Informer" observed that "Cave Story" combines elements of "Metroid", "Ninja Gaiden", "Mega Man", "The Legend of Zelda", and "Castlevania" into an "engrossing, challenging, and quite lengthy" whole. Inside Mac Games ascribed the game's popularity to its "polished feel, engaging storyline, and compelling artwork". "Electronic Gaming Monthly" stated that "the burgeoning Western indie game scene owes a tremendous debt to Japanese pioneers like Studio Pixel, whose freeware hit "Cave Story" proved that with sufficient vision, skill, and passion, a single developer can still craft a deep, compelling action game". Jonathan Holmes of Destructoid called "Cave Story" an "important game", observing its influence on artistic indie games like "Braid", as well as the continued relevance of 2D game design (cf. Capcom's "Mega Man 9"). He also compares the game design to that of Shigeru Miyamoto in its ability to teach without tutorials, like at the beginning of "Super Mario Bros." In July 2006, "Cave Story" earned 1st place in "Super PLAY"'s list of the 50 best freeware games of all time. In July 2015, the game placed 14th on USgamer's The 15 Best Games Since 2000 list.

The WiiWare version has received mostly positive reviews, with the central criticism being the 1200 Wii Point price tag (US$12, £10), after years of free play. Jeremy Parish of 1UP.com commended the graphical update, which "sacrifices none of [the game's] classic-influenced charm". He also remarked that the Classic Controller and Wii Remote are superior to the keyboard input of the PC original. On the issue of price, he explained that "the prospect of Amaya finally earning a little something for the hard work he invested in this masterpiece strikes me as satisfyingly poetic" and "absolutely worth your money". John Teti of Eurogamer had similar sentiments, but also noted the technical issues with the remixed music, recommending the original soundtrack. "Edge" compared the remake to "", satisfying both modern tastes with its graphical overhaul and old school fans with the option to switch to the original graphics. Daemon Hatfield of IGN felt that "Cave Story" "belongs on a Nintendo system" and noted gameplay similarities to "Blaster Master", in which damage reduces the power of weapons as well. "Cave Story" was nominated for Game of the Year at the 2010 "Nintendo Power" Awards, as well as WiiWare Game of the Year.

Criticism of "Cave Story 3D" echoed that of the WiiWare version. Many reviewers cautioned that the graphical update does not justify the $40 initial price point, especially with cheaper or free versions of the game available through download services. Parish defended the release, deriving satisfaction from the game's availability as a physical cartridge. Holmes praised the dynamic camera system and new graphics, comparing them to classic Disney films. He considers this release to be the "best version of the game, [but] not necessarily the definitive version". Jane Douglas of GameSpot felt that the 3DS Circle Pad was a comfortable fit for the game's control scheme. Audrey Drake of IGN noted that the 3D effect made it difficult to distinguish certain platforms between background and foreground, a complaint shared by Douglas. Simon Parkin of the UK "Official Nintendo Magazine" was more critical, citing lack of detail in the 3D models and a too-dark color palette. Japanese magazine "Famitsu Weekly"s four reviewers scored it 7, 7, 8, and 8 points out of 10 to a total of 30 out of 40 points, indicating average reviews. This version was nominated for Best Adventure Game at the 2011 "Nintendo Power" Awards.

Quote appears as a downloadable character in "". Curly Brace appears as a bonus playable character in "1001 Spikes". Both Curly Brace and Quote appear as playable characters in the crossover fighting game "Blade Strangers". Quote, Curly Brace and Ballos are featured as playable characters in Nicalis' puzzle game "Crystal Crisis". Quote's hat is also featured in the game "Terraria".



</doc>
<doc id="1905716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1905716" title="Iron Storm (2002 video game)">
Iron Storm (2002 video game)

Iron Storm is a first-person shooter video game developed by 4X Studios and published by Wanadoo in Europe and DreamCatcher Interactive in North America. An updated version of the game called World War Zero was later released for the PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows. Set in an alternate history in which World War I never ended, the game takes place in 1964, the 50th year of the war, and focuses on an Allied soldier's mission to stop the Russo-Mongolian Empire from developing nuclear weapons and his later efforts to end the war.

 "Iron Storm" displays a mix between World War I siege tactics, such as trench warfare and the use of mustard gas, and some World War II-style weapons such as machine guns, mortars, tanks, and rocket launchers of that era, as well as more contemporary technology such as helicopters, wireless communication, spy satellites, anti-personnel mines, and unmanned turrets.

The player character cannot take much damage before dying, and there are many enemies equipped with powerful weapons such as sniper rifles or anti-tank rifles. Several in-game glitches and vague mission objectives could often force players to replay one level multiple times before finally succeeding. Enemies also behave erratically, as seen when several attempt to walk through walls, or when the player shoots a particular enemy multiple times and yet the enemy remains unscathed.

The game is set in an alternate year of 1964, in which World War I never ended. The Baron Nikolai Alexsandrovich von Ugenberg seized Mongolia in 1921 in an uprising following the Russian Revolution, and later invaded Russia itself to crush the Bolsheviks. His plan was to establish a Russo-Mongolian Empire stretching from the Pacific Ocean to the Atlantic. With the help of the United States, the Allied nations of Europe were reformed as the United States of Western Europe, or the Alliance, in 1933 to counter Ugenberg's plan.

Instead of the Great War ending in 1918, it was continued for almost half a century, with the battlelines drawn down Europe's center in 1929 shifting little for either side for the next several decades. As the USWE could no longer independently contribute to the war, the Alliance army was introduced into the American stock market, allowing private investors to speculate on the lives of the soldiers who carried on the war. The outcome of the war now depended almost entirely on the economy of the Alliance's member nations.

The player takes on the role as Lieutenant James Anderson, only 19 when he joined the Alliance in 1943, and now a legend among the soldiers in the field. Anderson is recruited for a possibly suicidal mission: to breach enemy defenses and stop the Russo-Mongolians from developing a deadly weapon that could devastate the world. Captain Cecile Newcastle of the British Royal Highlands Regiment is Anderson's immediate supervisor and is responsible for guiding him through his mission. Colonel Mitchell is the commander of the operation, but has an ulterior motive for wanting the mission to succeed.

The Russo-Mongolian Empire has its roots in the Russian October Revolution. After the Bolsheviks executed the Tsar and his family, the Baron Ugenburg, at the time already in control of Mongolia, took command of the White Russians and crushed the Bolsheviks with help from the Kazakhs. Within a few years, Ugenburg and his army stabilised Russia and absorbed the failing German Empire, bringing World War I to a standstill. Allied with Japan's Emperor Hirohito, Ugenburg also invaded China and allowed Japan to occupy Manchuria in 1941.

The United States of Western Europe was formed in 1933 to combat the Russo-Mongolian Empire. Consisting of most Western European nations as well as parts of Germany and Austria-Hungary, the USWE was supported economically and militarily by the United States and Great Britain.

A classified mission was undertaken by USWE forces to assassinate the Russo-Mongolian Emperor Ugenburg and destroy a secret weapon being developed in the 1960s. The operation was a success, but did not end the war as a new emperor was installed by the Russo-Mongolian government shortly afterwards.

Players take the role of Lieutenant James Anderson, a jaded American Special Forces soldier born in 1924 to parents he never knew (he was a war orphan due to the continuous conflict). At the beginning of the game, Anderson is given orders to infiltrate the Russo-Mongolian lines and destroy a secret weapons research facility, in the town of Wolfenburg, where the Empire is developing their first nuclear weapon.

On his way to the facility, Anderson battles through the war-torn countryside, sniping hostiles, going hand-to-hand with others, assisting both wounded and battle-worthy USWE allies (some with severed legs), braving enemy machine guns and flooded trenches, and in the process killing the Empire's three best soldiers, the Siberian Zahkarov brothers. Anderson then arrives at Wolfenburg and fights his way through the town toward the Wolfenburg chemical factory, which is the disguise for the Empire's secret weapons research facility. Anderson meets with a USWE operative, who tells him to access the facility via the lift at the far end of the chemical factory.

Further into the town, Anderson links up with the German Resistance, fighting against the Russo-Mongol forces in the town. The Resistance escort him to the gates of the Chemical factory, and Anderson proceeds alone into the facility. He then makes his way through the factory floor, destroying any chemical containers he finds, since the contents are being used on captured USWE soldiers.

Anderson finds the lift, and drops into it via a hatch on the roof. However, the enemy have prepared for his arrival, and the lift fills with gas. Anderson is knocked out and is captured. He is then taken underneath the chemical factory to the weapons research facility, but manages to escape from confinement.

Anderson then discovers why he was sent in the first place. At this facility, the Empire are attempting to make the first nuclear weapon, using heavy water. Killing the nuclear scientists, Anderson manages to put a halt to the research, for a while, and steals the arming device for the first two and only nuclear-capable missiles produced by the facility.

Sabotaging the facility, Anderson escapes on an armored train, the "Tsar Ivan", which is headed to the Empire's military headquarters, located in the Reichstag in Berlin. Through intelligence directed to him via Captain Newcastle, he learns that the first ever batch of heavy water created by the Wolfenburg Weapons Research Facility is also on the train. In an isolation case.

Making his way through the armoured train, Anderson manages to secure the isolation case. The case will implode, along with its contents, should it be forced open. A magnetic key is required to open the case, and this key is in the Reichstag, in the possession of the leader of the Russo-Mongol Empire, Baron Ugenberg.

The train arrives at the subterranean station of the Reichstag, where Anderson is ordered to steal the magnetic key. As a secondary objective, he should attempt to assassinate Emperor Ugenberg and hopefully bring about the end of the war. Before he can accomplish his objective, however, the Reichstag is stormed by American black ops soldiers led by Colonel Mitchell, who attempt to kill everyone they can find, including Lt. Anderson. Anderson eavesdrops on a conversation between Ugenberg and Mitchell over the Reichstag's security system, and learns the entire truth behind the war.

It turns out that an American organization of businessmen and military leaders known as the Consortium has been secretly funding the Empire's war effort in order to prolong the conflict and profit from Europe's steady demand for American war material and support. Mitchell sent Anderson to sabotage Ugenberg's nuclear weapons research because the Consortium had no desire for the creation of nuclear weapons that would tip the balance extremely in favour of the Empire. Thus threatening a victory, which would mean the end of the war, and thus their investments and financial gain.

Feeling betrayed by the Consortium, Ugenberg declares that he will make peace with the USWE, so that he will leave behind a legacy as a peacemaker rather than a conqueror. Mitchell then kills Ugenberg, since peace would jeopardize the Consortium's continued profits.

Anderson follows Mitchell, then breaks into Ugenberg's private quarters and kills Mitchell's second-in-command as they try to make their escape in a helicopter. After Anderson boards the helicopter in pursuit of Mitchell, the helicopter takes off and flies into the horizon just as a scream is heard from someone on board. It is left ambiguous as to whether Anderson has overpowered Mitchell and taken over the helicopter, or if Mitchell has killed Anderson, although the relatively downbeat tone to the ending seems to suggest Anderson's death.

The game ends with a televised Russian news report telling the Russian public that Ugenberg has been killed by Allied soldiers, and that the war will continue in memory of his name. An advertisement for a new type of machine gun that is expected to raise the stock market then airs. A quotation follows this ending scene: "There is no greater naivety than the belief in the patriotism of capital. A capitalist may be a patriot, capital is not."

"Iron Storm" was re-released in 2004 in the UK market for the PlayStation 2 console under the name "World War Zero: Iron Storm". While few things were added to the actual gameplay, the graphics were updated and many bugs from the PC version were fixed, and some new weapons were introduced, such as the flamethrower and the minigun. The PlayStation 2 version of "Iron Storm" was then ported back to the PC in 2005 as "World War Zero" and published by Reef Entertainment. This version of the game was released only in the UK and Russia. The additions in this third version consisted of support for anti-aliasing and anisotropic filtering, new save points, support for widescreen displays, and bloom lighting. Multiplayer modes were completely cut out along with the majority of the cutscenes, the quick-save feature, and third-person mode. Support for the native resolution of 17" and 19" TFT screens (1280x1024) was also dropped. The levels were reworked and simplified, and character models were also improved.

The first-person shooter "" has been described as a spiritual sequel to "Iron Storm" by the game's developers. Many of the people who worked on "Bet on Soldier" had previously worked on "Iron Storm". Although it is never explicitly stated that the two games take place in the same fictional universe, they share many of the same themes and plot elements, and even similar character and weapon designs. Also Bet on Soldier takes place in the 1990 making it an Alternative History and it is never described how the world of Bet on Soldier came about in the game except that the world had been at war for eighty years.

Concept art from 2003 indicates that Iron Storm 2 was originally planned to be released. It depicts four levels; the Paris Gun - a super railway gun next to a military train station, a European stock exchange hub, a broken tanker in Alaska next to a base, and a heavily guarded Alaskan oil pipeline.

IGN gave "Iron Storm" an 8.0 out of 10, citing impressive overall gameplay and a unique storyline, but criticized the game's many glitches, overly-linear levels, and lackluster multiplayer mode. Aggregating review website GameRankings gave the game an overall score of 70.76%.

Eurogamer thought the PS2 release was unoriginal and contained elements from many other video games. It was still regarded as a fun game, however; and the multiplayer element was said to be "highly commendable", though reminiscent of Red Faction 2. It was rated 6/10.



</doc>
<doc id="1906406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1906406" title="Gods and Generals (video game)">
Gods and Generals (video game)

Gods and Generals is a historical first-person shooter video game developed by American studio Anivision Value and published by Activision. The game is based on the film of the same name. The player commands a soldier in the midst of the American Civil War, choosing either to side with the Union or the Confederacy, and plays alongside hordes of other soldiers. The player is tasked with various missions such as raids and reconnaissance, in addition to leading a full army company. In large-scale battles ranging from the Second Battle of Bull Run, the battle of Chancellorsville and the battle of Fredericksburg, players are equipped with muskets, revolvers, sabers and other weapons. This nine-part campaign game uses various scenes from the film.

"Gods and Generals" was released on March 1, 2003 as a PC Windows exclusive, and was critically panned by the media and gaming community.

"Gods and Generals" was universally panned by critics. It has a aggregate score of 19 based on Metacritic. GameSpot named it the worst game of 2003, describing "Gods and Generals" as "a shoddy afterthought of an unrelated marketing campaign."


</doc>
<doc id="1909510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1909510" title="Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood">
Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood

Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood is a Tactical first-person shooter video game developed by Gearbox Software and published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Xbox and PlayStation 2. It was ported to the Wii in 2008 as a part of the "" compilation.

"Earned in Blood" continues the "Brothers In Arms" saga as newly promoted Sergeant Joe "Red" Hartsock (Hartsock was the Corporal of Baker's Fire Team), who was part of the historic Normandy invasion in the previous game. "Earned in Blood" includes several new multiplayer missions, weapons, and vehicles, plus a new co-op skirmish mode. The AI of enemies has also been improved considerably in this game, while level designs are more open-ended than the original.

The story is essentially told as a "reflection" on the events that took place earlier, as Army historian Colonel S.L.A. Marshall is interviewing paratroopers 15+ days after D-Day. The story is divided into three parts. The first part of the game is a recollection of Hartsock's time in Sergeant Matt Baker's squad during the initial D-Day invasion. The second part picks up when he takes command of 2nd Squad, 3rd Platoon during the liberation and defense of Carentan, and the eventual link-up between 82nd and 101st Airborne Division at the town of Baupte. The final part will take place in and around Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte. Although the first part takes place under Baker's command, every mission is one not included in "Road to Hill 30". The player commands Desola, Allen, and Garnett from 3rd Squad, and some soldiers from 2nd Squad at first. Then the game switches the player to command the entire 2nd Squad after the Battle of Bloody Gulch (Hill 30).
Hartsock's squad consists of the remains of the original 2nd Squad (Cpl. Franklin Paddock, Pvt. Dean "Friar" Winchell, and Pfc. James Marsh) and the remnants of 1st Squad (Cpl. Jacob Campbell, Pvt. Will Paige, and Pvt. Derrick McConnell). In addition, the player will also be in command of Corporal (later promoted to Sergeant) Seamus Doyle of the 82nd Airborne during the initial D-Day invasion in early parts of the game.

The gameplay in "Earned in Blood" is similar to "Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30". The player usually assumes command of two teams of paratroopers to use the Four Fs—Find, Fix, Flank, and Finish—tactic against the enemy. The game discourages the use of solo run 'n' gun tactics by limiting the player's ability to aim, by decreasing the player's health, and by placing large numbers of enemies behind cover. To successfully complete a mission, the player has to study the layout of the battlefield, fix/suppress the enemy with overwhelming suppressive fire with one team (usually the fire team), and direct another team (usually the assault team) to flank the enemy by sneaking to the side or rear of the enemy to finish them off.

In "Earned in Blood", the enemy will constantly reposition himself according to the player's action, regardless of danger. This change makes stealth and distraction important considerations when the player is attempting to flank the enemy. At the same time, new tactics such as forcing the enemy into kill zones is possible with the new AI system. The new enemy AI allows the player to be attacked more frequently than in Road to Hill 30. Also, it is not possible to destroy a tank with a grenade unless the hatch soldier is killed.

The games uses the same graphics engine as "Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30", which is based on the Unreal Engine 2.0

"Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood" received "generally favorable" for PC and Xbox, and "mixed or average" for PS2 reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="1909778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1909778" title="Command &amp; Conquer: Red Alert 2">
Command &amp; Conquer: Red Alert 2

Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2 is a real-time strategy video game by Westwood Studios, which was released for Microsoft Windows on October 23, 2000 as the follow-up to "". "Red Alert 2" picks up at the conclusion of the Allied campaign of the first game. Its expansion is "".
Fan based expansion was created and released known as Mental Omega after Yuri's Revenge. 

"Command and Conquer: Red Alert 2" contains two playable factions, the Soviets and the Allies, which both previously appeared in "". The single player campaign is structured in an alternate-ending mode as opposed to a progressive story mode. Like its predecessor, "Red Alert 2" features a large amount of full motion video cutscenes between missions and during gameplay, with an ensemble cast including Ray Wise, Udo Kier, Kari Wuhrer, and Barry Corbin.

"Red Alert 2" was a commercial and critical success, receiving a rating of 86% from GameRankings. A sequel, "", was released in 2008.

The main objective of the game is to defeat enemy commanders, played by AI or human opponents, by destroying their bases to the point of enemy capitulation. Players must also work to defend their own bases to maintain their ability to collect money and produce units, both of which are essential in achieving the main objective. Once all enemy commanders have been defeated, a winner is declared.

Every aspect of gameplay in the game is based on the collection of money. In the game, money can be collected by several means. The most common is using miner trucks to gather ore and/or gems and transport them to a refinery. A player can also gain a lasting income by capturing oil derricks (neutral buildings that are present in some maps). There also are two one-time sources of money for Allied and Soviet players, namely: collecting random crates which are present in the map and selling off buildings which are controlled by the player. Allied players have a third one-time source of money, which involves using a spy to steal an opposing player's money. The money is spent on constructing and repairing buildings and units. In both cases, players may start construction before having the full cost in one's reserves, as construction simply pauses if a player runs short of money.

The various nations are members of either the Soviet or the Allied factions, which are loosely based on the real life factions of the Cold War. One of the major praises of "Red Alert 2" over the original "Red Alert" game was that playing as a specific country now made a difference. While every country has the basic buildings and units, each nation has a special unique unit, ability, or structure. This changed up the popular skirmish games, allowing for new strategies.

It is also the first "C&C" RTS not to include a "mission select" screen prior to levels that change the conditions of the next level.

Like previous "Command & Conquer" games, the two factions in "Red Alert 2" have unique armies with their own strengths and weaknesses. To achieve victory, a player must play to their faction's strengths and exploit the other faction's weaknesses. The factions follow the same trend in the previous title.

Soviet vehicles tend to be more durable and have heavier firepower compared to their Allied counterparts. However, they are also more expensive to build and move more slowly, allowing Allied vehicles to out-maneuver and outnumber them. The Soviet infantry, on the other hand, are inferior to Allied infantry, but are cheaper and faster to train.

The Soviet faction is also superior in the early game and in land wars because of their more powerful and advanced tanks, while the Allied faction is better in the late game with more advanced units, such as those used in naval warfare. In particular, the Soviets are better for early game rushes, which are very common in online games.

In single-player mode, the player can either compete in one of three campaigns or compete in Skirmish mode where the battle rules and settings can be customized.

"Red Alert 2" contains three campaigns. "Boot Camp", "Allied", and "Soviet". Each campaign is distinct in its own way. "Boot Camp" is simply a tutorial campaign consisting of two missions in which the player is introduced to the fundamentals of the game with the use of Allied forces. If played, Boot Camp leads into Allied Campaign chronologically. "Allied" and "Soviet" campaigns are the two main campaigns of the game, each consisting of twelve missions in which the player faces off against one or more computer-controlled opponents. In some missions, the objective is simply to defeat all opposing forces in the area; other missions have more specific objectives, such as capturing or destroying a particular enemy structure or defending a particular structure of the player's own from enemy attacks. While fundamentally different in story and units, both Campaigns are structured similarly. Both begin with the player operating a limited base or otherwise a Mobile Construction Unit to start from scratch plus a platoon of certain units, but in a few missions construction is not required.

Skirmish mode is essentially the free-for-all multiplayer mode played against computer-controlled opponents. The player chooses a map against as many players the map supports. The player can also change settings such as the number of starting units, the monetary levels at the beginning, game speeds and the availability of superweapons. There are no special objectives, just eliminate all enemies units and structures.

"Red Alert 2" includes two different multi-player modes. One, LAN allows the player to play alongside friends and others without the use of an internet connection. The other, Online Play allows the player to play across the internet and against players from across the globe. LAN play allows for only Skirmish Mode that is available in single-player. Online play allows for tournaments, private games, public games, ladder ranking games and also contains a chat system. In 2005, control of online play for "Red Alert 2" and a number of older "C&C" games was passed over from EA to XWIS, a community-run server.

Like previous "Command & Conquer" real-time strategy games, "Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2" contains two separate campaigns with distinct story lines, one for each playable faction.

"Red Alert 2" is set in the same alternative history universe as "Red Alert" in which Adolf Hitler was removed from history. With Hitler gone, the Soviet Union led by Joseph Stalin attempted to conquer Europe but was defeated by the Allied nations and their military destroyed. Fearing that a regime change would cause mass unrest in the Soviet Union, the victorious Allies installed Alexander Romanov, a distant relative of Tsar Nicholas II, as the puppet Soviet Premier. Romanov acquiesces to the Allies' demands at first, though he builds up the Soviet military for "defense purposes" – a cover for an intended invasion of the United States. The game's story line starts off in 1972, with the United States Armed Forces caught completely off guard by the sudden massive Soviet invasion of the United States, with Soviet aircraft, naval vessels, amphibious forces, and paratroopers coming in on both the East Coast and West Coast and with the majority of Soviet ground forces coming in through Mexico, starting World War III. The U.S. attempts to retaliate with the use of nuclear missiles, but Yuri, leader of the Soviet Psychic Corps and Premier Romanov's top advisor, uses his mind control to manipulate the personnel charged with launching the warheads and leaves them to explode in their silos. Within hours, the U.S. is overrun with Soviet Army troops. The player either takes the role of an American Commander, tasked by General Ben Carville with defending the United States, or a Soviet Commander leading the invasion for Premier Romanov. 

The Allied Commander is sent to New York City with a special forces team led by Special Agent Tanya Adams to repel a Soviet invasion there and then to Colorado Springs to liberate the Air Force Academy and the air base there. As they return victorious, they discover that a Soviet mind control device known as the Psychic Beacon has been deployed in Washington, D.C., forcing the president and General Carville to surrender. The Commander frees them from control and the government goes into exile in Canada.

When the Soviets put another psychic device in Chicago, the Psychic Amplifier, which could control the whole country, the Allies free the city from their Canadian base by destroying the Amplifier. The Soviet chief commander, General Vladimir, retaliates by detonating a nuclear missile in the city. Alarmed, the leaders of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom agree to help the U.S. if they disarm the Soviet nuclear missile silos threatening them in Poland which the Commander and Tanya handle at the behest of the president. Now bolstered by additional men and equipment, the U.S. military is able to launch an amphibious assault on Soviet-occupied Washington, D.C. and recapture the city. After defending Pearl Harbor from Soviet assault, the Allied forces liberate St. Louis and all of the Mississippi River south of the city from psychic control and thwart Soviet attempts to replicate the Allied prism technology that creates massive energy beams to destroy units.

After General Carville tasks the Commander to defend Albert Einstein's laboratory which holds a prototype Chronosphere which can teleport troops anywhere in the world, he is killed by a Soviet suicide bomber. Einstein determines the best place to build the Chronosphere is on a tiny island in the Florida Keys, not far from Soviet Cuba. The Allies use the Chronosphere's teleportation capabilities to take an Allied strike team to Moscow where they successfully destroy the defenses around the Kremlin and teleport in a strike team led by Tanya that captures Premier Romanov, leading to the Soviet's surrender.

Premier Alexander Romanov briefs the Commander about the upcoming Soviet invasion of the United States. The Commander leads an invasion into Washington, D.C. and destroys the Pentagon. Another Soviet invasion is launched into Florida to destroy a U.S. fleet which was threatening the Soviet invasion of the East Coast. Despite this, the Soviet chief commander, General Vladimir, is credited with the success of those campaigns. While Vladimir is back in Moscow, Romanov's top advisor, Yuri, recommends the Commander could prove his worth by taking control of New York City using a Psychic Beacon. When Allied forces from South Korea launch an amphibious attack on Vladivostok, the Commander successfully repels the Allies, leading Germany and France to send troops to the German-Polish border to defend from Soviet aggression. The Commander takes advantage of this by conquering Paris, using the Eiffel Tower as a massive Tesla coil to destroy the city. With this, the European Allies are forced to withdraw their support for the United States.

In the meantime, Yuri has been using his psychic abilities to control Romanov, who gives him control of the military, much to the disgust of General Vladimir. Yuri dismisses Vladimir and tasks the Commander with establishing a base on the Hawaiian Islands. When the Allies try to use their Chronosphere to attack a Soviet research facility in the Ural Mountains, the Commander successfully defends the facility. Shortly afterwards, Yuri tells the Commander that Vladimir killed Romanov. Declaring Vladimir a traitor and a "nonperson", Yuri orders the Commander to capture Vladimir in the White House. After Vladimir's capture and execution, the Commander successfully captures the U.S. president and destroys the Allied superweapon: the weather control device; capable of creating powerful thunderstorms.

Impressed by the Commander's victories, Yuri invites them back to Moscow to thank them but their aide, Lt. Zofia, reveals that Romanov recorded a message before his death in which he reveals that Yuri was controlling him and orders them to bring Yuri to justice. The Commander attacks Moscow with the bulk of the Soviet army and destroys the Kremlin, seemingly killing Yuri. They then use information from Yuri's files to destroy the Allied last-ditch effort to assault the Soviet Union using another Chronosphere, effectively becoming the ruler of the world. In the final cutscene, it is revealed that Yuri has survived, his brain floating in a glass jar filled with water and telepathically communicates to the commander, saying "It would have been good to see inside your mind, General. I still may get the chance..." setting the stage for "".

The "Red Alert 2" soundtrack was composed by long-time "Command & Conquer" collaborator Frank Klepacki.

In the United States, "Red Alert 2" debuted at #1 on PC Data's computer game sales chart for the October 22–28 period. Holding the position in its second week, the title became October's ninth-biggest computer game seller, according to PC Data. It proceeded to maintain an unbroken streak in the firm's weekly top 10 through the end of 2000, and to claim #1 and #7 for the overall months of November and December, respectively. "Red Alert 2"s domestic sales totaled 334,400 units by year's end, which drew revenues of $13.2 million. PC Data ultimately named it the United States' 13th-best-selling computer title of 2000. It took 14th for 2001, with sales of 388,893 units and revenues of $15 million.

In the United States, the game sold 810,000 copies and earned $26.9 million by August 2006, after its release in October 2000. It was the country's 11th best-selling computer game between January 2000 and August 2006. Combined sales of all "Command & Conquer" strategy games released between January 2000 and August 2006, including "Red Alert 2", had reached 4.3 million units in the United States by the latter date. "Red Alert 2" received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

In the German market, "Red Alert 2" was expected to be a commercial success. "PC Player"s Martin Schnelle predicted that it could be the best-selling game of the 2000 holiday season. It debuted at #1 on 's computer game sales rankings for October 2000, and held this spot the following month. The (VUD) presented "Red Alert 2" with a "Gold" award at the end of November, indicating sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. After taking fourth place in December, the game remained in Media Control's top 10 through February 2001, and in the top 14 through March. "Red Alert 2" had sold roughly 180,000 units in the German region by May, a figure with which Electronic Arts was "very pleased", according to Udo Hoffman of "PC Player".

While "Red Alert 2"s sales in the German market were strong, the game was less successful than its predecessor "". Discussing the performance of "Red Alert 2" and its contemporary hits, Herman Achilles of the VUD described a "noticeable drop in sales, especially among mega sellers", which he attributed to growing piracy rates. Tom Meier of the German retailer PC Fun believed the game's lower demand was caused by players' "widespread disappointment" with "Tiberian Sun". Hoffman wrote that Meier "had to open his shop half an hour earlier to cope with the crowds" for "Tiberian Sun", while "Red Alert 2" "was just a sale among many."

"Red Alert 2" received mostly positive reviews, with IGN calling it "outstanding" and GamePro's "Editor's Choice". One reviewer on GamePro noted "It's not the most innovative game, but with its solid gameplay and alternate Cold War storyline, "Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2" is the best 2D real-time strategy game since "StarCraft"".

Following the September 11 attacks, the game's cover art was hastily redesigned to remove the depiction of a plane heading toward a burning World Trade Center and to swap the U.S. flag on the front cover with a mushroom cloud. EA offered retailers an opportunity to exchange their copies with a version that bore the revised cover art. Despite the repackaging, the World Trade Center continued to be present in the game's campaign.

"PC Gamer US" named "Red Alert 2" the best real-time strategy game and the best multiplayer game of 2000.



</doc>
<doc id="1913170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1913170" title="Command &amp; Conquer: Red Alert">
Command &amp; Conquer: Red Alert

Command & Conquer: Red Alert is a real-time strategy video game of the "Command & Conquer" franchise, produced by Westwood Studios and released by Virgin Interactive Entertainment in 1996. The second game to bear the "Command & Conquer" title, "Red Alert" is the prequel to the original "Command & Conquer" of 1995, and takes place in the alternate early history of "Command & Conquer" when Allied Forces battle an aggressive Soviet Union for control over the European mainland.

It was initially available for PC (MS-DOS and Windows 95 versions included in one package) and was subsequently ported to PlayStation. The PlayStation version was also re-released as a download on the PlayStation Network for PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3. On August 31, 2008, Electronic Arts, who acquired Westwood Studios in 1998, rendered "Command & Conquer: Red Alert" freeware.

In collaboration with Petroglyph Games, EA announced a remaster of this game along with the original "Command & Conquer" on November 14, 2018.

Players can queue commands, create unit groups that can be selected by a number key, and control numerous units at a time. The game features two factions with differing styles of play. Like Tiberian Dawn, the game has split routes for most missions. The objective stays the same but the map layout differs. The single-player campaign is complemented by live-action cinematic sequences.

"Red Alert" requires each player to use their side's strengths in order to compensate for their weaknesses, in contrast to games such as "Total Annihilation" or "", in which both sides have units with similar abilities and rely on outnumbering or possessing a better-balanced force than their opponent.

Players acquire credits to purchase structures and equipment by mining for ores and minerals (as Tiberium in the regular "C&C" series has not yet been discovered in this timeline). Rare gems generate more credits, but unlike ores, do not regenerate within the map. Players can gain more credits and increase their buying power by building more ore refineries and ore trucks.

The Soviets' vehicles tend to be more durable and powerful than Allied vehicles, but are often slower-moving and more expensive. The Soviets also have superior defensive capabilities against ground attacks, with the Flame Towers and Tesla coil, the latter able to destroy most Allied armor in 1-2 hits although it has high power consumption. The Soviets' weakness is at sea; their only offensive naval unit is the submarine, which exists to counter Allied warships and gain intelligence. It is normally invisible except when surfacing to attack when it is vulnerable to destroyers and gunboats. The Soviets' secret weapon is the Iron Curtain, a device that renders a selected unit invulnerable to attacks for a short period of time. They also have a wide selection of air units for assault (the MiG-27 (though depicted as a MiG-29 in cut-scenes), Yak-7, and Mi-24 Hind and map revelation through spy planes, and can deploy infantry by air through paratroops or by the CH-47 Chinook transport helicopter (the latter only present in multiplayer). The Soviet "tank rush" was a popular strategy online, involving building many heavy tanks and overwhelming the opponent with sheer numbers.

The Allies' forces are generally cheaper, faster to build and more agile. Their infantry can survive longer with good use of their Medic unit. The Allies' strongest tank (the Medium Tank) is weaker in a one-on-one engagement against the Soviets' starting tank (the Heavy Tank), but the Allies also have anti-tank minelayers to counter superior Soviet armor. The Allies have only one air unit, the anti-tank AH-64D Apache Longbow, compared to three Soviet air units; however, the Allies also have anti-aircraft guns (more powerful but shorter-ranged than Soviet Surface to Air Missiles). Allied defenses against ground assaults — pillboxes and turret emplacements — are less powerful than the Soviets' Tesla Coil, but much less dependent on power. On maps with water, Allies possess an advantage in naval power thanks to the Cruiser, which has the longest-ranged and most powerful surface-to-surface attack in the game, as its naval artillery can destroy buildings quickly; and the Destroyer, which is versatile and capable of adeptly taking on any type of unit type in the game—land, sea, or air. The Allies' secret weapon is the Chronosphere, which temporarily relocates a selected unit to another part of the map. They also possess several other tools of subterfuge and military intelligence, such as spies to gain information on or disable enemy facilities, and thieves for stealing enemy resources, hiding their own units and structures from detection, and revealing the whole game map with a GPS satellite.

In online play and computer skirmish, both Allied and Soviet forces have access to the nuclear missile silo, which is not available to either side in single-player mode, although it is present in the Allied campaign. In online play and computer skirmishes, the Soviets have access to two of the Allied side's infantry: the Rocket Soldier (for anti-air and anti-tank fighting) and Tanya, a commando capable of easily killing infantry and destroying structures.

In addition to the single-player and multiplayer campaigns, "Red Alert" includes a map editor and the bonus software "Westwood Chat".

"Command & Conquer: Red Alert" takes place in a parallel universe. At the Trinity Site in New Mexico in 1946, Albert Einstein prepares to travel backward in spacetime. He activates his experimental time machine to find himself in Landsberg, Germany, on December 20, 1924, where he meets a young Adolf Hitler just after the latter's release from Landsberg Prison. Following a brief conversation between the two, Einstein shakes Hitler's hand, which erases him from the timeline.

Hitler's death prevents him from rising to power as leader of Nazi Germany, which creates a new timeline. Without Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union grows powerful under the rule of Joseph Stalin. The USSR seizes land from China and then invades Eastern Europe, to achieve Joseph Stalin's vision of a Soviet Union stretching across the entire Eurasian landmass. In response, the U.S. and the countries of Europe form the Allied Nations start a guerrilla war against the invading Soviet Army. Over the course of the game's story, the Allies and Soviets fight for control over the European mainland in an alternate World War II.


Westwood Studios designed "Command & Conquer: Red Alert" to be the prequel of "Command & Conquer: Tiberian Dawn", and by proxy of the as a whole.

During the course of the Soviet's campaign, Kane is seen to make infrequent appearances as a mysterious counselor to Joseph Stalin, and the story implies that he has in fact been the instigator of the world war between the USSR and the Allied nations in order to further the long-term goals of the Brotherhood of Nod. Indeed, Nadia, the head of the NKVD, Stalin's mistress and evidently a secretive member of the Brotherhood herself as early as the 1950s, instructs the player to "keep the peace" until Nod would "tire of the USSR in the early 1990s" upon the campaign's successful conclusion. Kane, however, shoots her without warning and proclaims to the player that he ""[is]" the future". Moreover, during the fifth cutscene of the Allied campaign, a news announcer reporting on the Allies' loss of Greece is suddenly heard stating that the United Nations are in the process of bringing about a unique military task force aimed at preventing future globalized conflicts. This task force is heavily implied to have been ""Special Operations Group Echo: Black Ops 9""—the covert and international peace enforcing unit of the United Nations and the precursor of the Global Defense Initiative, one of the two main and iconic factions of the Tiberian series alongside the Brotherhood of Nod.

A much debated theory intended to resolve the apparent timeline error which came to exist between "Command & Conquer: Tiberian Dawn" and "" is to consider "Red Alert" as the genesis of two parallel storylines. If the Soviet campaign were to be completed in "Red Alert", the USSR would emerge as the dominant Eurasian power and Kane and the Brotherhood of Nod would subsequently take control of this new empire. Conversely, if the Allied campaign were to be completed, the Allies would emerge victorious and the timeline would instead lead into the events of "Red Alert 2" (though Red Alert 2 completely ignores anything that could connect it to the Tiberium timeline). However, "Command & Conquer: Tiberian Dawn" has the Brotherhood of Nod start out as an underground terrorist organisation, not as a political force in control of the late Soviet empire. This is further confirmed by former "C&C" designer Adam Isgreen, who confirms that "Tiberian Dawn" in fact follows on the conclusion of "Red Alert"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Allies campaign, while "Red Alert 2" and "" take place in a second parallel universe, created by a new attempt to alter history in ""Tiberian Incursion"", the working title of Westwood Studios' cancelled version of "Command & Conquer 3". Isgreen also implied that Nikola Tesla may have been responsible for inadvertently having attracted the attention of the Scrin through his experiments, and thus for the arrival of Tiberium on Earth.

When the "" compilation pack was released in February 2006, Electronic Arts adopted the policy of considering the "C&C" franchise to consist of three distinct universes, with this decision apparently violating the storyline connections between "Red Alert" and "Tiberian Dawn" established by Westwood Studios. With the release of "" in March 2007 however, Electronic Arts published a document wherein an implicit reference to Kane's appearance in "Red Alert" is made—revealing that GDI's "InOps" intelligence division is in the possession of photos of Kane which were taken by CIA that, if genuine, would mean that Kane's age by year 2030 is close to 125.

To mark the 13th anniversary of "Command and Conquer" and the announcement of "", EA released "Command and Conquer: Red Alert" as freeware. After the promotion ended they allowed third-party mirrors to pick up and also ship the addons for free. The community has started repackaging it to installers that do not require burning the original ISO images and included their latest fan patches that modernize the renderer, remove duplicate files, fix bugs and include content from the PlayStation release. Those repacks typically also include modding tools as well as network utilities for multiplayer matches.

The game's original score was composed by Frank Klepacki and was voted the best video game soundtrack of 1996 by "PC Gamer" and "Gameslice" magazines.

In the United States, "Command & Conquer: Red Alert" debuted at #2 on PC Data's computer game sales chart for November 1996, behind "Microsoft Flight Simulator". Following a third-place finish in December, it became the United States' seventh-best-selling computer game of 1996 as a whole. According to PC Data, its domestic sales totaled 347,844 units during the period, which drew revenues of $16.5 million. In 1997, "Red Alert" held a position in PC Data's top 3 for the first four months of the year, peaking at #2 in April. It was ultimately the fourth-biggest seller of 1997's first half in the United States, after finishing at #4 in May and June. While the game remained in the top 10 through September, it was absent from the top 20 by October. "Red Alert" ended 1997 as the United States' eighth-best seller among computer titles, with sales of 363,207 units for the year. The game's lifetime sales rose to 869,623 copies in the United States by September 1999. At the time, PC Data declared it the country's 17th-best-selling computer game released since January 1993.

In August 1998, "Red Alert" received a "Platinum" sales award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), indicating sales of at least 200,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 

The PC version of the game scored 90.91% on GameRankings based on 11 reviews, while the PlayStation version scored 81.40% based on 5 reviews. A reviewer for "Next Generation" commented that "Command & Conquer: Red Alert" retains the gameplay elements of the outstanding original game while enhancing the graphics, expanding warfare to both air and sea, and rebalancing the gameplay so that players cannot succeed by simply using the same tactics which worked in the original. He concluded that "in a holiday season swamped with "C&C" clones, discerning gamers won't go wrong by sticking to the real thing." Vince Broady of "GameSpot" also commented on the saturation of real-time strategy games in the 1996 holiday shopping season and concluded "Red Alert" to clearly be the best choice. He praised the unit design and variety, particularly that "the units of the two opposing sides aren't mere copies of each other, but instead maintain a sort of karmic balance." Additionally complimenting the level design, cutscenes, graphics, sound effects, and music, he judged that, ""Red Alert" belongs in the same category as "Civilization II" and "Quake", games that followed legendary predecessors and immediately eclipsed them." In a review for "PC Games" which was also published in its sister magazine "GamePro", Rob Smith summarized, "The new units, the great story, and the variety of mission styles make up for the limited improvement in the A.I." He also noted that the control interface allows players to quickly and easily select units and order them into combat.

"Command & Conquer" won the 1996 Spotlight Award for "Best Strategy/War Game" from the Game Developers Conference. "Computer Gaming World" gave it the Strategy Game of the Year award (Readers' Choice). The game was a finalist for "Computer Gaming World"s 1996 "Strategy Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "Civilization II".

In 1998, "PC Gamer" declared it the 14th-best computer game ever released, and the editors called it "a perfectly balanced and action-packed epic that functions brilliantly in both the multi-play and the solo campaigns".

In 1997, two expansion packs for Red Alert were released for the PC, "Command & Conquer: Red Alert: Counterstrike" and "Command & Conquer: Red Alert: The Aftermath". The expansion packs were designed by Westwood Studios with the "apprenticeship" of Intelligent Games, a London-based game developer. Much of the development on multiplayer maps was undertaken by players from the Compuserve Red Alert ladder. New units, missions, maps, and music were included in the expansions.

By October 1997, "Counterstrike" had sold 650,000 copies worldwide after its launch in April of that year. According to Westwood, this made it the all-time fastest-selling expansion pack for a computer game by that point. The "Counterstrike" add-on included the secret "Ant Missions" titled "It Came from Red Alert", where the player battles against an army of giant, mutant ants with Allied Forces and Soviet units.

The "Aftermath" add-on contained many new units available in single and multiplayer modes. New Allied units include the "Field Mechanic" and the "Chrono Tank". New Soviet units include the "Missile Sub", the "Shock Trooper", the "M.A.D Tank" and the "Tesla Tank". In addition, both sides receive the "Demolition Truck". The add-on also includes hundreds of new maps as well as a new, significantly larger, map size.

On August 28, 1998, Westwood Studios released "Command & Conquer Red Alert: Retaliation" for the PlayStation, a compilation of the two PC expansion packs, including the secret Ant Missions. It is almost identical to the PlayStation port of the original Red Alert, except it introduced some new units like Tesla Tank, Shock Trooper, Chrono Tank and Mechanic, and included 105 skirmish maps. The gameplay also included an in-game sidebar code called Soylent Green Mode. In this mode, all ore fields turn to people/civilians, and ore trucks harvest them with grisly sound effects.

It also included 19 exclusive briefing FMV (full-motion video) clips that were not in any of the PC expansion packs, which had none. All of the videos are shown when the player either starts playing through the operational theatre from the beginning or when all the missions of the theatre are accomplished. In other cases, the briefing text is shown. The FMVs include a general for each side, telling the player the mission objectives; The Allied General Carville later appears in "" while Soviet General Topolov has made no further appearances in the "Red Alert" series.

The "Retaliation" videos are available for the PC "Red Alert" in the "Red Alert" modification "The Lost Files". This modification adds the "Retaliation" videos to the "Counterstrike" and "Aftermath" missions. It requires "Red Alert" patch v3.03 or "Red Alert" patch v3.03 TFD (for the "Red Alert" version of the "C&C The First Decade" package).

"Red Alert Retaliation" was released as a download for PSP and PS3 from the PlayStation Network in Europe on March 27, 2008 and in North America on December 3, 2009.

OpenRA is a modern video game remake and game engine recreation created by fans. It adds gameplay elements from successors such as fog of war. The focus is primarily on skirmish/multiplayer gaming with partial support for the single-player missions.


 


</doc>
<doc id="1913727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1913727" title="Theocracy (video game)">
Theocracy (video game)

Theocracy is a real-time strategy game for the PC developed by Philos Laboratories and published by Ubi Soft in 2000. The game takes place in Mexico and Central America in the 15th century. The player controls a tribe in this region, and has 100 years to prepare for a Spanish invasion by expanding their territory across the Central American map, by conquest, or by allying and trading with other tribes.

In "Theocracy", the player is the leader of the Atlan tribe (a fictional tribe), who has escaped from oppression under the Axocopans, and now must improve his/her tribe in order to survive in Central America. As the player's empire's borders expands, the player is able to conduct diplomacy with other tribes.

The game also allows players to play through several "Chronicles", a set of objective-based missions detailing supposed heroes of Aztec history. These mostly serve for tutorial purposes rather than being a serious part of the game however.

There are two modes of playing: province view, and realm view. 
In province view, the player view a particular province under their control/attack. Here they assign tasks to their persons, however time stands still here, and the player must go to realm view for time to move and his/her actions to take effect. There is a time-scale in realm view, along with a hand-drawn map of Central America, showing all the province borders, and using colour-code to show which of the eight factions controls it.
The player's tribe is represented by the colour blue, while other tribes are red, yellow, green, purple and cobalt. Provinces under control from a random tribe with no possible relations to others are paper-coloured, and provinces controlled by the Spanish (once the Spanish arrive to invade) are grey. Each tribe has a unique 'personality' dictated by its AI; the red tribe the Izhuacans for example are an 'aggressive and warlike theocracy' and will generally be the first tribe to make an aggressive move in the game. The green tribe, the Huaputecs, are more peaceful and will never attack the player unless the player has already initiated hostilities. Tribes also have varying military tactics and units, the Yellow Tribe has an army consisting of almost entirely sword units supported by spearmen, jaguars and nature priests, while the Cyan tribe, the Teotitlans, have enormous crossbow units known as Wonderbows and soul priests supporting their warriors.
Players can also build Aztec-style pyramids to harness the power of magic from the five spheres of Magic: Sun, Star, Moon, Nature and Soul. The amount of magic available to the player is limited and measured in "Mana", Mana is used by Priests to cast spells, this Mana can be recharged by performing sacrifices at the Pyramids where priests are trained, the amount of Mana per unit depends on the Unit type. Each sphere of magic has different spells available with a vague focus on a specific type. Sun Priests specialise in attack spells, Moon in defensive ones, Nature Priests in Healing, Star Priests in 'debuff' or distraction and while Soul Priests are equally skilled in all fields.

The time scale can be used to determine how fast time passes. It can be paused to make time stand still, and at slowest rate, a year passes in approximately 10 or so minutes, and at fastest rate, a year passes in approximately 20 seconds.

Each region can be closely managed in the province view. Here activities can be undertaken such as construction, training and allocation of slaves.

The majority of the population of each realm is made up of slaves, basic worker units who can undertake any task except fight and transport resources between realms. There are a certain number of new slaves born each year depending on the level of health in the province, how much food the province has and what the current population of the province is.

As a bare minimum, each province must produce enough food to feed the entire population of the realm. There are two types of food, corn and meat. Corn is produced from small and large farms, and is produced faster and in greater quantity than meat, and is also required to feed llamas. Meat, while taking longer to produce, requires less slaves and is more nutritious than corn, meaning it can feed more people than the same amount of corn. It is therefore more economic to produce meat in a province than corn. Meat is also required to feed tamed jaguars.

There are a number of different resources that can be used in different ways. The most basic are meat and corn, used to feed people and tamed animals. Next is wood, which every building uses in construction, and is also used to create Wonderbows (similar to ballistas). Also used in construction is stone, which is used to build more advanced buildings. Finally, there is Gold, Jade, and Jewels. Jewels are used as a currency, and to decorate the most advanced buildings. It is made out of Jade and Gold. Either one can be used to create jewels separately, but used together they produce a much greater quantity than when used separately. Corn is produced from small and large farms, meat from ranches (pig farms) and fishing huts. Wood is produced from lumberyards and stone, gold and jade are mined from quarries. Jewels are produced in a workshop from gold and/or jade. There is also mana, however it functions differently from the other resources in that it is used to cast spells, can be accessed anywhere, and is generated from temples in a small continuous trickle. Sacrificing slaves will generate much more and faster, but slaves are the only means of production so they must be sacrificed carefully so as not to ruin the economy of a region. There is a different stockpile of mana for each sphere of magic. 
Note: resources are stored in stockpiles in each region, thus resources for one realm can be used anywhere in that region no matter where they are stored, but must be manually transported to another region in order to be used there. The exceptions are jewels and mana.

There are a number of different buildings, which can all be broadly categorised into three main types:

These buildings produce resources, but must be manned to do so. These include ranches and fishing huts, which produce meat, small and large farms, which produce corn, quarries and mines which produce stone, gold and jade and lumberyards, which produce wood.

These buildings train new types of workers and warriors from slave recruits. They include schools (small, medium and large) which train workers, who speed up production of a particular resource but specialise in that resource. Small schools can train only basic workers, medium schools can train most types of workers and large schools can train any, and train them faster. Small and medium schools can only train one type of worker, but large schools can train every type, but only one at a time. Another type of training building is the barracks: small, medium and large. The small and medium barracks produce warriors from slaves, but can only produce one type of warrior. The medium barracks takes less time to train warriors than the small barracks. The large barracks can produce any of the three types of warriors, but only one at a time. They also train warriors much faster than the small or medium barracks.

These buildings store all resources except mana and jewels. There are four types, in order of size and cost to produce they are: provision stores, small stores, medium stores and large stores.

To construct a building, slaves must be sent into an unfinished building. They will build it automatically, using the resources that realm has stored. If the realm does not have enough of one or more particular resource, they will use whatever there is stored, then wait until new resources are delivered to the realm, which must be done manually.

The development on "Theocracy" began when developer Philos Laboratories hired several new employees who had previous experience developing the game "". It was decided that they would develop a new strategy title, with the goal of merging aspects of the games "Command & Conquer" and "Civilization". The setting was decided by the game's graphic artists, deciding on an Aztec theme. Development continued for two years, with a planned release in spring 1999.

However, in March 1999 publisher Interactive Magic had decided to abandon boxed releases for their future titles, putting "Theocracy" in jeopardy. Philos eventually managed to buy back the publishing rights, and started updating the game to allow for a future release. These changes included redrawing most of the games graphics, switching the game resolution to 800x600, and the addition of "chronicles". The French publisher Ubisoft picked up the publishing rights, and work began on finishing the game for release. The game was finally released for both Windows and Linux on March 30, 2000. There was consideration towards a follow up, focusing on as then undecided new civilization and using features thought up after the original game's development entered feature freeze.

"Theocracy" received mixed reviews upon its release. Its strongest praise came from Eurogamer, with one reviewer stating that the game's "mix of real time and turn based strategy means that "Theocracy" takes place on a far larger canvas than a purely real time game ever could." The reviewer praised its wide scope and original ideas, separating it from many of its contemporaries. The British publication PC Zone was also impressed with the games originality, describing it as being "as refreshing as a pint of lager after a chicken vindaloo, and definitely worth shouting about." Other members of the press were less impressed, causing the game to only score a 72 on MobyGames. Reviewers criticized the game as being simple and archaic, while at the same time others thought that the interface was cumbersome and the learning curve was too steep.

Even though it was mostly unknown outside of Europe, the game managed to sell well enough, especially on Linux where it became a best-seller. One reviewer of the game's Linux port stated that "the game is a world apart from a lot of the linux games I've been playing lately. It's solid and feels nice to use - the buttons click with a satisfying sound played at the right moment, and it feels... professional." The port was also plagued with negative comments however, with many complaining about installation problems and about various technical faults (such as only being able to play the game in 16 bit colours and the lack of a proper full-screen mode). Even with these problems, it still holds an average of four out of five stars at The Linux Game Tome. A review in German print magazine LinuxUser was mostly positive.




</doc>
<doc id="1914545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1914545" title="FIFA 06">
FIFA 06

FIFA 06, also known as FIFA Soccer 06 (North America), is a video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts based on the game of football. It was released in the United States on 4 October 2005 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, Windows, and Nintendo DS. It was later released for PlayStation Portable, Game Boy Advance, and mobile phones.

This was the last "FIFA" edition to be released exclusively on six generation consoles. The taglines for the game were "You play. They obey." and "The total soccer experience."

"FIFA 06" was the thirteenth game in the "FIFA series" and the tenth in 3D. At the time it was the highest selling game of the FIFA series, ahead of its predecessor "FIFA 2005" by over 100,000 copies. In total, "FIFA 06" has sold more than 3.6 million copies.

Ronaldinho and Wayne Rooney were featured on the cover of the game in the European, Australian, Brazilian and British markets. Freddy Adu and Omar Bravo joined Ronaldinho on the North American cover, while Lukas Podolski was partnered with Ronaldinho on the German edition of the game and Park Chu-Young was on the South Korea cover.

Clive Tyldesley and Andy Gray provide commentary for the game's English version.

Developers of the FIFA series made a complete overhaul of the game's engine for the 2006 installment of the game, asserting it has improved the control of play, having rewritten more than half the programming code for the game. In addition to a renovation of the game engine which discards the "ball" system, developers boast a significantly more involved career mode and the introduction of "chemistry" which will determine how good teams play together. This installment broke a short tradition of commentating from John Motson and Ally McCoist, replaced by ITV's Clive Tyldesley and Sky Sports pundit Andy Gray.

Career mode in FIFA 06 is now a 15-year journey as the manager of a club of the player's choice. The user starts by filling in basic details such as their name, date of birth, and country. From here, the player gets to choose which team they would like to manage; however, only clubs with a 4-star rating or below are selectable unless the player has bought the "Career Teams" bundle from the in-game fan shop. In a new addition to the game players now must manage a minimum budget to build the club around. The budget can be spent on players, upgrading staff and coaches at the club and transfer budgets.

Players must now also use their best managerial skills to negotiate a sponsor to the club. Sponsors, a new addition to career mode, provide a weekly payment to the club as well as extra bonuses through winning cups and meeting expectations of the club. If the manager does not meet these expectations, they may risk losing their sponsor at the end of the season. Some sponsors within the game are real organisations while others are simply made up.

Players also have to manage the expectations of the board, player morale, team chemistry and keeping the club's fans happy. Ultimately, the best solution to all of these areas is to win games. Meeting the expectations of the board will almost guarantee the player a job at the club for the next season while not meeting their expectations will most likely lose the player their job and be forced to find another club. Get sacked too much and the player's career is over.

Player morale becomes a large issue to the future of the player's club and their managerial future. Players must keep their squad happy to maintain them at the club and to keep them at their best performances. An unhappy squad can result in players refusing new contracts with the club and eventually leaving, which can be vital to the success of the club. Team chemistry is a result of the squad's morale and how often the current squad plays together. If the team is happy and are regularly playing together, team chemistry will be high. If the current squad is unhappy and hasn't played a game in seasons, team chemistry will be low therefore it is important to keep a balanced squad while maintaining success.

"FIFA 06" also introduces staff which help the club. By upgrading the staff, this helps the club to improve depending on the area that has been upgraded. For example, if the user upgrades the negotiator to a higher level, the negotiator will be able to bring better players to the club for less money. Staff upgrades cost money which comes out of the budget.

Career mode also features a "manager history" section which shows your statistics as a manager for each season you play. It includes your season record, where your team finished in the ladder, and any cups the team won. Statistics for the current season are available including leading goalscorers, card recipients, team stats, league standings, and cup competition fixtures. It features three European Cup Competitions: ECC, EFA, and the European Super Cup. The ECC is the game's equivalent to the UEFA Champions League. The EFA is the equivalent to the UEFA Cup. The European Super Cup is of the same name in UEFA competition, which pits the winners of the ECC and EFA in a match right before the following season.

The "FIFA 06 Lounge" is a new introduction into the game. It is an upgraded form of multiplayer mode which allows up to eight human players to compete to see who is the best player over a series of matches. Each player selects a name to be identified as and a team to play as. Players can also change the rules of the game to suit their playing style. Depending on who wins and loses, players are given advantages and disadvantages to play with. Featured styles of matches in the lounge are:

The mode also includes a leaderboard featuring leading point ratings, points, wins, goals, bookings, clean sheets, offsides, longest winning streak, longest undefeated streak, and longest losing streak. League standings are featured as well as the ability to save the session so players can play at a later date.

Team management gives the player the ability to edit the game to suit themselves. The mode provides the ability to create a player and edit any player, kit number, squad, and kick takers in the game as well as the ability to transfer players to other clubs and the ability to select players for their international teams.

One of the new features in "FIFA 06" is a special "retro" which features nostalgia of the game. Inside it features an unlockable classic biographies section, a memorable moments video compilation which features ten of the most memorable moments as judged by the "FIFA 06" developers, and a video compilation with a retrospective view at all the games in FIFA series with "Cobrastyle" by Teddybears STHLM featuring Mad Cobra playing as the background music.

Like "NHL 06", and "NBA Live 06", the game also has a classic 16-bit game in the PS2 version - "FIFA International Soccer", which was the original game in the series.

In the extras section is:

The GameCube version doesn't have the tutorial videos, video previews, or season highlights.

"FIFA 06" has introduced challenges for the player to achieve in order to win points and unlock prizes. The challenges are divided up into 10 regions of ten to twelve challenges based on the countries they can be achieved in. There are more than 100 different challenges for the player to achieve on all four difficulty levels, although a fifth difficulty can be achieved, which is legendary.

With the points earned in the challenges, prizes can be unlocked. Such unlockables in the game include classic player biographies, new camera angles, alternate club kits, stadiums, and videos.

The game also features a Classic XI team, assembled by EA Sports, consisting of great football legends, and a World XI team, consisting of current superstars, chosen by FIFPro. Both teams have the Cardiff Millennium Stadium as their primary ground. These clubs must be unlocked in the "Fan Shop" with "FIFA Points".

The Classic XI home kit is the same one used by the Allies team in the 1981 football film "Escape to Victory". The away kit is also the same shirt used by the Allies team goalkeeper played by Sylvester Stallone.

The PlayStation 2 version of "FIFA 06" received a "Double Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 600,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

The game was met with positive to very mixed reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 80.69% and 78 out of 100 for the PC version; 80.50% and 80 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 79.80% and 80 out of 100 for the Xbox version; 78.29% and 80 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 73.33% and 77 out of 100 for the PSP version; 66.22% and 75 out of 100 for the DS version; and 49.50% and 70 out of 100 for the Game Boy Advance version.



</doc>
<doc id="1922727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1922727" title="Emperor of the Fading Suns">
Emperor of the Fading Suns

Emperor of the Fading Suns is a video game in the grand strategy genre and with a science fiction setting created by Holistic Design in 1996. This game was based on Holistic's in-house role playing game "Fading Suns".

The game had a wide array of units and a complex back-story but was rushed to market and released with numerous severe flaws and several features underdeveloped. In patched form, it survives as a popular abandonware title with numerous unofficial, fan-made mods.

The game is played on a galactic map and specific planet maps. Planet maps use a hexa-grid system for movement. Individual units and buildings take up a single grid space. Several menus handle diplomacy, chat, and documentation. In the game, the player controls a feudal lord of a noble house amongst the ruins of a galactic empire. The player must battle other noble houses and rally enough support to be crowned Emperor of the galaxy. The player can start as one of five houses; each has its own advantages and disadvantages. During game setup, the player can customize their house, taking some negative traits such as insanity in exchange for more positive traits, like having all the player's units start out better trained. Each house starts on its respective home planet, and houses starting on temperate planets have an early-game advantage over houses that start on frozen or jungle planets. There are several non-player groups in the game, including the Symbiots, Vau, the Guild, and the Church. In total, there are forty-three planets that can be explored, colonized, and fought over.

"Next Generation" rated it four stars out of five, and stated that "With everything from basic combat to diplomatic backstabbing, "Emperor of the Fading Suns" has a depth of play that is worthy of a classic strategy game." "Personal Computer Magazine" described the game as "destined to be a classic" in their 1997 review, but also noted that the game suffered from bugs.

After the end-of-support by the developer, the fan-community took over the support by creating player-made unofficial patches for the game. These try to fix bugs and/or enhance the game by adding new units and balancing out old ones (modding). For example, the "Hyperion patch" makes it possible for the Symbiots to build additional organic spaceships, so they are not stranded on their home planet if their initial fleet is destroyed.



</doc>
<doc id="1924106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1924106" title="Monopoly Tycoon">
Monopoly Tycoon

Monopoly Tycoon is a construction and management simulation PC game published in 2001. The player operates a business that owns stores and apartments in a city derived from the Monopoly board game. Instead of using dice, the game relies more on the speed and innovativeness of the players. In the standard mode, the user plays against the AI opponents. In the multiplayer version, players go against other online players in order to gain victory.

There are various levels with varying difficulty. Some involve just financial prosperity of the businesses while others involve success in the political arena. But the primary objective of most levels is to accumulate the most wealth in the given time.

In "Monopoly Tycoon", the player operates a business by owning businesses, apartments, and being landlord to blocks. The player earns income from selling products and services, housing people in apartments and hotels. Income is also generated from rent for any blocks that the player is landlord of, plus utilities and railroads.

"Monopoly Tycoon" has the same set of blocks as the board game with an additional three. When a player is landlord of all blocks of the same color, they are able to build hotels. In addition, being landlord of any property allows the player to build park space.

As in the board game, there are railroads and utilities blocks that players can become landlord of and receive income from. To become landlord, there is an auction among the players with the property going to the highest bidder.

At the end of the day, the player is offered a mystery card similar to those from the board game. Some of the cards are a simple deposit or withdrawal of money from the player's account. Other cards allow the player to aid his businesses or harm the opponent, say by restocking one of his stores or giving an opponent block bad publicity.

Monopoly Tycoon also includes support for multiplayer game play over a LAN or Internet connection. Additionally, there is support for finding live online opponents through the included GameSpy Arcade software.

The music of the game is lighthearted and changes as the game progresses through the different decades. For example, in the 1970s (1970 and 1975 Monopoly Tycoon years), music from the 1970s can be heard; in 1990 and 1995, 1990s music plays. This music will play until the year 2030 is reached (this year can only be reached in the "My Mega Metropolis" level, "Starting Out", "A Homely City", "Sell, Sell, Sell", and the "First to be Worth $20,000, $25,000, or $40,000" levels). At that point, music from the 1930s can be heard from then on.

After every two days at midnight, the music from the previous decade becomes quieter and quickly fades away, while the music from the next decade starts at normal volume. For example, when midnight of 1960 occurs, the music from the 1950s fades away and the music from the 1960s plays at normal volume.

Other sounds indicate the time of day. People, cars, and the wind all make noises, in varying degrees depending on the time of day. For example, during the morning, footsteps of people waking up and coming out of their apartments is played to signify the time the city wakes up. Throughout the game, also, the sound of coins falling can be heard when the player makes money.

Enabling the music makes the game crash on Windows Vista and later. This is due to the usage of the DirectShow Windows Media Source Filter being used to stream .wma files directly, instead of from the CD. The filter is also utilized by Windows Media Player 6.4, which gets installed alongside the game. It was deprecated in favor of Media Foundation in Windows Vista, with higher quality streaming of .wma files. Only three games so far are known to use this filter.

"Monopoly Tycoon" was a commercial success, selling nearly 2 million copies by 2006. Lead designer Clive Robert explained that these sales "took years" to achieve, and that the game continued to sell as of 2006, after its release in September 2001. In the United States, "Monopoly Tycoon" sold 290,000 copies and earned $6.8 million by August 2006. "Edge" ranked it as the 66th best-selling computer game released in the country between January 2000 and August 2006.

"Monopoly Tycoon" received generally positive reviews from critics. It received a 'great' score of 8.5/10 from GameSpot and a 'great' score from IGN of 8.2/10. Trey Walker at GameSpot said that "Monopoly Tycoon is the kind of game you might have imagined as a kid while you played the real board game."

The developers of the game, however, were critical of their work saying that "I don’t think we got it entirely right either."

The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "Monopoly Tycoon" for its 2001 "Online Game Play of the Year" and "Outstanding Achievement in Game Play Engineering" awards, which ultimately went to "Return to Castle Wolfenstein" and "Grand Theft Auto III", respectively. "Monopoly Tycoon" was also a nominee for "Computer Gaming World"s 2001 "Best Strategy Game" award, although it lost to "". The editors presented "Monopoly Tycoon" with a special prize for the "Best Use of a License That Was Ignored", and wrote, "Blessed with great AI and gameplay, "Monopoly Tycoon" was probably the most pleasant surprise of the year."



</doc>
<doc id="1924219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1924219" title="Emperor: Battle for Dune">
Emperor: Battle for Dune

Emperor: Battle for Dune is a "Dune" video game, released by Westwood Studios on June 12, 2001. It is based in Frank Herbert's science fiction "Dune" universe. It is the third real-time strategy game set in the "Dune" universe, following its predecessors, "Dune II" and "Dune 2000". While "Dune II" was a totally distinct story to that of "Dune", and "Dune 2000" was a remake of "Dune II", "Emperor" is a direct sequel to the previous games. In particular, it is a sequel to "Dune 2000", carrying on from where it left off, with several of the characters and actors returning. Like "Dune 2000" and many of the other Westwood games that came before it, "Emperor" features cut scenes filmed with live actors.

"Emperor" is set shortly after "Dune 2000". Emperor Corrino has been killed by his concubine, Lady Elara, and the Landsraad has been thrown into chaos.

The Spacing Guild has presented the three remaining Houses (the same as those in the previous games: House Atreides, House Harkonnen and House Ordos) with a unique challenge: a war of assassins on the planet Arrakis. Whichever House wins the war will become the new leader of the Landsraad, and its leader the new Padishah Emperor, Emperor of the Known Universe.

Eventually, it becomes clear during the campaign that the Tleilaxu are scouring Arrakis with hidden motives, with various probes spotted collecting flesh samples from dead sandworms. After the last battle with any one of the opponent Houses on their home planet, the Spacing Guild (Guild of Navigators) leaves the victorious House stranded on the enemies' conquered homeworld, attempting to control Arrakis with House Tleilaxu by genetically engineering an Emperor Worm with immense psychic powers empowered by Lady Elara. They also release a mind influencing drug in all the remaining forces water supply on Arrakis to make them slaves under the Guild. It then becomes clear that a last-ditch attempt must be made back on Arrakis to destroy the Emperor Worm before he awakes, by using the Smugglers Guild to get back to Arrakis. Eventually the player destroys the Emperor Worm, and the Guild's plan is foiled. The victorious house then regains control of Arrakis and the spice melange and proclaims their side's leader Emperor of Dune.

While each campaign has the story ultimately culminating up to the battle with the Emperor Worm, the three campaigns have subplots revolving around each faction's intents to conquer Arrakis.

House Atreides' campaign involves regaining the trust of the Fremen, with whom they have had an uneasy relationship due to unspecified past events. Many of the starting missions revolve around forming an alliance with the Fremen. Later on in the campaign, a party of Fremen diplomats are sent to Caladan, where they and the Duke Achillus are under attack by Tleilaxu soldiers. This attack is eventually thwarted and the Fremen pledge their allegiance to House Atreides. The general benevolence of House Atreides is apparent in their motivation for each map's campaign and they have little to no ulterior motives in lending assistance to any of the factions on Arrakis.

House Harkonnen's campaign revolves around the ailing Baron Rakan and his two sons, Gunseng and Copec, who both vie to take the Baron's place upon his death. Copec and Gunseng are at one another's throats, and compete for the Baron's favor as the latter's days grow shorter. Gunseng eventually goes to Arrakis to oversee the spice mining. Copec grows impatient, however, and poisons Rakan's food. Copec assumes the title, and goes to Arrakis to have his brother swear allegiance to his new baron. Believing that Copec has usurped the title, Gunseng openly rebels against him. The player character chooses to either side with Gunseng or Copec, and both opposing factions battle on Giedi Prime. Depending on who emerges victorious, the game will then feature Gunseng or Copec as the reigning baron of House Harkonnen.

House Ordos' campaign revolves around their ability to create gholas. The house eventually creates a ghola of the deceased Emperor Shaddam Corrino, who will serve as a puppet emperor subservient to House Ordos. Ordos motives are typically insidious in that they attempt to manipulate many of the subhouses (Fremen, Sardaukar, Smugglers) into conflict with the major houses they are fighting, using gholas and other forms of treachery to thwart any attempts at alliance among their enemies and secure alliances for House Ordos. The Ordos are led by the Executrix, four beings that share a single mind and communicate only through a creature known as the "Speaker". The Ordos are calculated in their thinking, almost machine-like. Advising the "Commander" (player) is the equally cold female Mentat Roma Atani.

There also subplots within subhouses and factions on Arrakis. Ix and the Tleilaxu have made it clear that that they cannot be united, and force the player to choose one or the other, though it is possible to have the support of two. A Sardaukar coffin containing a trooper in suspended animation can sometimes be found in the battlefield. These troopers usually ally themselves with the faction that awakens them.

"Computer Gaming World" reviewed the game, saying it had "nice graphics, fun cinematics, some interesting units, and a fun interactive campaign map." However, they also panned it for having "outdated graphics, iffy AI and pathfinding, crummy multiplayer, and an overwhelming sense of deja vu" as well as a lack of then standard control features in similar RTS games.



</doc>
<doc id="1924258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1924258" title="Dino Crisis 2">
Dino Crisis 2

After the events of the previous game, unsafe research into time-distorting Third Energy has resulted in an entire research base, military institution, and fictional metropolis of Edward City to be transported to another time; along with all of its inhabitants. Secret Operations Raid Team operative Regina returns as one of the main playable characters, sent along as an adviser to the rescue team that travels through time to find survivors of the time displacement and recover data on the Third Energy experiments. Dylan Morton, the rescue team leader, is the second playable character. Despite Dylan and Regina initially going their separate ways, they end up joining forces to find a way back to the present. The player switches between controlling Regina and Dylan at specific points during the story.

"Dino Crisis 2" is an action-adventure game that uses predetermined camera angles. Capcom Production Studio 4 changed the series' focus from the survival horror of the first "Dino Crisis" by creating a more action-packed arcade-style experience that featured more open areas, greater varieties of weapons and enemies and less emphasis on puzzles.

As players kill dinosaurs in succession, countering attacks and avoiding damage in areas, they can earn "Extinction Points" a form of in-game currency that tally up as player moves between locations. Throughout the game, the player can locate and use computer stations that act as a save point where players can save and load games. They can also spend Extinction Points on new weapons, upgrades, health packs and ammunition. There are also bandages (used to stem bleeding). This type of injury occurs when a player takes damage from certain attacks, and it results in slow draining of the health bar.

There are two forms of weapons in the game, main and sub-weapons; the player can only equip one of each at a time. Main weapons provide the most damage and are used for the majority of attacks, for example shotguns, flamethrowers and rifles whereas sub-weapons are used to get past obstacles, like the machete for cutting plant vines and the firewall gun that creates a temporary wall of fire against foes. Over the course of the game players switch roles between Regina and Dylan, the two have different weapons, making some passages blocked for one but accessible for the other.

Among the action-adventure gameplay are sections of on rails shooting, such as a chase where the player shoots at dinosaurs that are chasing an automatically driven vehicle and, like the previous game, several puzzles. Throughout the game, the player finds data files and documents that progress the story and give details of certain areas. Hidden "Dino Files" can also be found; these go into detail about each dinosaur in the game. Upon collecting all the available Dino Files, the player is granted unlimited ammunition for weapons on the next play through.

Upon completion of the main game, there is an unlockable mode known as Extra Crisis with two gameplay modes: "Dino Colosseum" and "Dino Duel". Colosseum is a survival mode where a chosen character with their own pre-set weapons fight off series of attacks by certain dinosaurs, the larger and more deadly being the latter. Upon completion the player is graded and awarded a trophy on how well they performed. Dino Duel is a mode that allows the player to take control of a dinosaur and battle another in the style of a fighting game. Completion of the game on harder difficulties allows more characters and dinosaurs to become available for purchase, using the final Extinction Points gathered from that play through. These include Gail and Rick, two characters from the first game. Dinosaurs can also be used in Dino Colosseum, however, they must be unlocked by completing the game in normal or hard mode.


On May 10, 2010, the United States Army's TRAT unit is deployed to investigate the disappearance of Edward City and its surrounding countryside. Their mission: Locate 1300 survivors and collect data remnants on the Third Energy Project. Intelligence operative Regina is brought along as an adviser due to her past experiences. During insertion, the team's camp is attacked by a pack of "Velociraptor", leaving Lieutenant Dylan Morton, Regina and TRAT operative David as the only survivors. The velociraptors flee when a "Tyrannosaurus rex" attacks the group. David damages the tyrannosaur's eye with a rocket-propelled grenade to ensure Dylan and Regina's escape. Regina returns to the transport ship while Dylan heads into the jungle, spotting a mysterious helmeted figure while investigating a military facility. Upon arrival, he is confronted by the wounded "T. rex". While escaping to the barracks, he is shot at by helmeted attackers. Later, he attempts to retrieve a key card, triggering a security alert that imprisons him.

Regina receives Dylan's distress call and rescues him. While rescuing Dylan, Regina captures one of the mysterious attackers, a blonde teenage girl who is unable to speak. When they return to their ship, they find the engine room ransacked, stranding the heroes, while the teenage girl exhibits a familiar connection to Dylan.

At the Research Facility, Dylan discovers human containment chambers and a starter battery for the ship in order to get it mobile. Dylan returns to find the girl has escaped, and theorizes that the helmeted attackers could be from a different time period. They use the repaired ship to reach the offshore Third Energy facility.

Regina uses a diving suit at the facility to investigate the underwater reactor. Once topside, she and Dylan receive a distress call from David, who has found survivors at Edward City. However, Dylan and Regina arrive too late. Upon splitting up, Dylan engages the "T. rex" with a tank before being jumped by another helmeted figure. The blonde girl saves Dylan and runs away. Deciding they have no business at Edward City anymore, Regina heads to a missile silo in the jungle.

Regina discovers the Third Energy data at the silo, but is confronted by the "Tyrannosaurus". Her savior is a "Giganotosaurus" that kills it. The "Gigantosaurus" follows Regina inside the missile silo, causing damage that triggers a countdown to launch. Regina ignites gas vents to incinerate the "Giganotosaurus"'s head, rendering it comatose. Regina stops the countdown, but the beast awakens and smashes the missile to the ground, destroying the base. While evacuating Regina, Dylan is attacked and injured by an "Allosaurus". In order to save him, David sacrifices himself by throwing Dylan into the river before getting eaten.

Dylan arrives at another research facility and encounters the blonde-haired girl. Inside, she plays a hologram recording of an elderly Dylan from 2055 and learns the origins of the disaster. The overload in 2009 affected Earth's history dramatically, creating an alternate timeline where humanity did not exist. To fix this, an international organization enacted the "Noah's Ark Plan": utilizing the Timegate technology, they would transport the living organisms of the Cretaceous to a different time period, three million years in the future, with similar environments, where they could thrive unaffected by the alterations. With the distortions prevented, the organisms would then be returned to their original time period. However, when the Noah's Ark team attempted to return, the gate overloaded and was destroyed, stranding both the dinosaurs and humans in the future. The helmeted attackers are revealed to be the only remaining children of the survivors, who were brought to the safety of a facility and placed in special life support chambers for growth and learning. The side-effects of the chambers cost the children's ability to speak and allowed them to co-exist with the dinosaurs, attacking anyone who threatened them. Dylan also learns at this point that the blonde girl is his future daughter, Paula. The hologram instructs Dylan there is a basic gate they can use to go home, but it will work only once, asking Dylan take Paula with him.

The facility's self destruct system is activated by the sole surviving helmeted figure, causing the "Giganotosaurus" to appear. The helmeted figure is killed, while Dylan incinerates the Giganotosaurus with an orbital laser. While attempting to evacuate with Regina, an earth tremor leaves Paula trapped by falling equipment. Unable to free her and with the building ready to explode, Dylan stays with his daughter, telling Regina to return home with the Third Energy data and save them at an earlier time period.

"Dino Crisis 2" was met with Mostly positive reviews, with an average score of 80.70% based on 22 reviews for the PlayStation version and an average score of 57.33% based on 3 reviews for the PC version at GameRankings and an 86/100 based on 13 reviews for the PlayStation version at Metacritic.

In their review, GameSpot commented that the first "Dino Crisis" was as if Capcom "replaced the zombies with carnivorous dinosaurs" for a "Resident Evil" spin-off. However, they found "Dino Crisis 2" "an original, enjoyable experience that can no longer be considered just another entry into the survival-horror genre", as it "avoids the stereotypes of the genre and delivers one of the most refreshing takes on the action-adventure genre to date." IGN concurred that the game had been "stripped of its slow-paced "Resident Evil" shell and its haunting, creepy shockeroo tricks". They had even more praise for the game: "the creatures and the design are both excellent, and the jungle backgrounds, and especially the underwater environments, are simply top-notch." "GamePro"'s review commented that, "Sound is solid, with an unobtrusive musical score that blends well with gaming effects, i.e. the telltale rustle of foliage preceding a raptor's leap for your throat isn't drowned out by J-pop."

"The Cincinnati Enquirer" gave the game four stars out of five, stating that, "overall, Dino Crisis 2 is a fantastic sequel that delivers more adrenaline-pumping action, beautiful scenery and a hearty dose of terror." However, the newspaper added that "tasks such as running around looking for keys can be tedious. And some of the action portions of the game can get repetitive, too." 
Game Revolution felt the "arcade-like" gameplay "detracts a bit from the whole survival-horror theme". They also noted that "the back and forth gameplay gets tired after a while," and that it can be "very easy to get distracted from the storyline and get sucked into the process of amassing an arsenal."

Greg Orlando reviewed the PlayStation version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "Beautiful graphics, solid control, and furious action still can't overcome the dull protagonists and severely foreshortened running time."

Like its predecessor, "Dino Crisis 2" was a commercial success, with the PlayStation version selling 1.19 million copies worldwide. Capcom would later re-release the game for PC, and bring it to PlayStation Network in the US and Japan.


</doc>
<doc id="1926574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1926574" title="Digimon World">
Digimon World

The gameplay revolves around raising a single Digimon from its egg form, hatching into a Fresh, up through In-Training, Rookie, Champion, and with work, Ultimate. A Digimon partner will "fade away" with age, and return to an egg eventually, so the player has to raise it again. To raise a Digimon partner, the player must train it, feed it, let it rest and take it to a bathroom.

The other main part of gameplay is battle. The player's partner Digimon fight the Digimon that have become aggressive due to a crisis on File Island. Partner Digimon begin the game with a few basic skills, but acquire more as they progress in levels through the game.

The more Digimon who you gain in your city will make training and various other aspects of the game much easier. Many will open shops and even sell items, some which will open mini-games you can play to gain rewards and items.

The game revolves around a young boy (the player can name the protagonist in the beginning of the game), the protagonist, who is drawn into the Digital World through his V-Pet device. Jijimon greets and asks him a few questions, the answers to which determine whether he begins with an Agumon or Gabumon. His goal is to travel around File Island, locating all of the resident Digimon of File City who have turned feral and bring them back, raising Digimon partners in the process. He must train his Digimon and battle his way through all of Digimon World until the once sparsely populated city is flourishing with different Digimon from all of Digimon World. He must eventually go to Infinity Mountain (the final location) to confront the antagonist, Analogman, and the mega Machinedramon, and save the Digital World from destruction.

Developer and publisher Bandai (now Namco Bandai Games) used an extensive marketing campaign to compete with Nintendo's "Pokémon" media franchise, specifically the video games "Pokémon Red" and "Blue". A promotional "Digimon" trading card was offered to the first 100,000 North American customers to purchase the game. The game was officially announced in conjunction with "Digimon World 2" in May 2000, before either's release.

"Digimon World" received a 23 out of 40 total score from editors of Japanese "Weekly Famitsu" magazine, and went on to sell approximately 250,000 copies in the region by February 2000.

The English version sold enough copies to qualify as a Greatest Hits title in North America, and Platinum Range in Europe, but received mixed to average review scores from critics, earning a 52.55% average on aggregate review website GameRankings. "GamePro" magazine criticized the game's "tinny" music and sound effects, as well as the largely uncontrollable nature of its combat system, recommending it only for "a hardcore "Digimon" fan". GameSpot's Miguel Lopez likewise stated that ""Digimon World" isn't for everyone – only dedicated "Digimon" fans or fans of the monster-raising genre need apply," but found the graphics pleasing, declaring that "despite its disassociating play focus, no one can deny that "Digimon World" is a nice-looking game." IGN's David Zdyrko offered a similar opinion on the game's visuals, stating "There's nothing revolutionary being done here [...] but it still can be classified as a good looking videogame," but found the game's battle system unfulfiling.

The game was followed by various sequels released for the PlayStation and other platforms, though they do not retain all the gameplay elements found in the original. In addition, despite being localized as such, "Digimon World DS", "Digimon World Dawn and Dusk", "Digimon World Data Squad", and "Digimon World Championship" aren't official games in the series.

"" was first announced in July 2011, in an issue of "V-Jump", as the first "Digimon" game for the PlayStation Portable. The game was announced to be developed by Japanese video game developer Tri-Crescendo, The original premise of Re:Digitize was to call back to the first Digimon World game; unlike the sequels.

"" was announced in the July 2015 issue of V-Jump. It will be released for PlayStation Vita and will be published by Bandai Namco. A trailer was released on July 31 and featured clips from the original "Digimon World" before showcasing its gameplay. It will be about an “evolving world,” and like "Re:Digitize", the player will take control of the main character who will travel alongside a Digimon partner. The first partners to be revealed were Agumon and Gabumon. It was released in Japan on the 17th of March 2016.


</doc>
<doc id="1930555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1930555" title="Densha de Go!">
Densha de Go!

Each "Densha de Go" title contains actual train (or tram) routes based on real services in Japan. For the most part, the user's task is to drive the train and adhere to a very exacting timetable, including stopping at stations to within as little as 30 cm of a prescribed stopping point, ideally within half a second of the scheduled arrival time. While the specifics vary slightly between versions, generally speaking along the way, the user is expected to obey speed limits and other posted signs, sound a warning for work parties along the track, arrive at between-station waypoints on time, and perform similar tasks.

"Densha de Go" varies from the "Train Simulator series" from Ongakukan primarily in that while the Ongakukan series uses video taken from cameras mounted to the front of real-world trains for its graphics, "Densha de Go" titles rely upon computer-drawn graphics.

The last major title in the series, "Densha de Go Final!" was so named to signal that this was to be the last in the series. While still popular in an absolute numbers sense, the series had lost the novelty of its heyday while development costs for individual titles continued to climb due to the detailed virtual worlds that needed to be created.

However, Taito and Ongakukan have subsequently released a few co-produced titles for PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation 3, and iOS with the title "Railfan". Taito also divided the four routes in "Densha de Go! Final" into separate titles and released them on the PSP system.

The Japanese mobile game development company Gree continues to develop mobile versions derived from the franchise for phones in Japan, and in addition, a version of Densha de Go for Apple iOS devices has been released on June 2011.

Unbalance, who had long supported the franchise by publishing ports of each title to the Windows platform in Japan for over a decade, discontinued the last of its released Densha de Go! titles from retail as of August 2011. The company had been steadily discontinuing titles beginning with the "1480¥ Series", so-called due to their price point and comprised the earliest titles, in late 2010/early 2011 as supplies depleted. Later-released titles in the series—the "1980¥ Series"—were the last to be discontinued as of August, 2011. A line of custom USB controllers for the series had been discontinued even earlier and now command a large premium on sites such as Yahoo! Auctions Japan. Support through Windows 7 compatibility guides, FAQs and patches remains available through the Unbalance site, however.

In 2017 Taito, which is owned by Square Enix, released a new arcade cabinet in commemoration of the 20th anniversary of the game series. According to an article from Geek: "The cabinet includes four displays, three of which act as windows showing the track and simulated outside world, whereas the fourth forms the dashboard the player sits at. All the buttons from a real train are present, as are the two physical controls required to make the train move." They also released a new mobile game for Android and iOS in Winter 2016.

In April 2010, moments after Square Enix acquired Taito Corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary, "Densha de Go! Special Version -- Revived! Showa Yamanote Line" was announced for the Nintendo DS on July 22, 2010. This was a departure from the traditional publisher and distributor of "Densha de Go", Taito. "Densha de Go! Special Version—Revived! Showa Yamanote Line" offers a variety of trains to control, from the early Yamanote Line up through the current rolling stock. Exclusive to the Nintendo DS, reportedly the controls are completely stylus driven, unlike the variety of custom controls offered in non-handheld versions.

On June 2011 a version of the game also covering the Yamanote line was released for Apple's iOS (only available in the Japanese App Store). There is the option of using a simulated "master controller" on the screen or using touchscreen buttons to move the lever up and down.

A large number of hardware train controllers were available for a number of platforms (PC, PS, PS2, Saturn, Wii, etc.) for which "Densha de Go" was available. This included versions that had buttons, levers, and pedals to suggest real-world train controllers, including traditional brake-and-throttle train controllers, "mascon"-type controllers (single lever for throttle and brake), shinkansen controllers, and tram controllers (ostensibly similar to the traditional brake-and-throttle style, but with different styling).

One of the most extravagant controllers for the "Densha de Go!" series was the Shinkansen Controller, which was released with the "Densha de Go! Shinkansen EX" game for both the Wii and PS2. The Shinkansen Controller for the PS2 comes with a LED screen display of speed and controls and a foot pedal to blow the horn, whereas the Shinkansen Controller for the Wii lacked these features, replacing the LED screen with a representative sticker. The Wii version of this controller commands much higher prices than the PS2 version only by virtue of relative rarity.

The Type 2 Controller is compatible with most titles. The Type 2 Controller reportedly works with "Railfan" by connecting its USB lead into the PlayStation 3. 

Other versions:


A doujin manga and game series, "Densha de D", is a parody crossover of the series in combination with the auto racing-based franchise "Initial D"; it is popularly associated with a meme regarding "multi-track drifting".



</doc>
<doc id="1930921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1930921" title="Worms 3D">
Worms 3D

Worms 3D is a 3D artillery turn-based tactical game in the "Worms" series. It was developed by Team17. The game was the first in the series to be in 3D and also featured several new weapons. Additionally, some of the weapons operations are substantially different from previous Worms titles. And while it is rated T by the ESRB, which is a first for the series, it is rated 3+ by PEGI, which is also a first for the series. (Before, the games were rated 7+ or 12+) It is unknown why the ESRB chose the higher rating while PEGI chose the 3+ rating. The OS X version of the game was released in April 2004 by Feral Interactive.

The game was announced by Team17 in 2002 as "Worms 3", featuring a different logo and initially announced to be published by Activision. In 2003 the name changed to "Worms 3D" and Activision were dropped as the publisher. It was later announced that Sega would be publishing the game in European territories.

The music was composed by Bjorn Lynne.

The gameplay itself is mostly unchanged from its predecessors, with the exception of the three-dimensional view, which allows the player more freedom, and more possibilities, to complete the task at hand. Modes such as Campaign and Quick Match return from previous versions. The game also features a multiplayer feature, as well as the ability to edit and create teams. The objective of most of the matches is to eliminate the opposing forces' worms, whereas the Campaign mode gives the player sets of specific goals which he needs to complete.

The Campaign consists of 35 small missions in which the player has to utilise their worms to complete a certain task, like destroy enemy worms, collect a certain crate, or even unique missions, such as having to detonate 16 hidden landmines in a certain time.

All of the missions give awards depending on how well the player does. Gold medals usually unlock bonuses as for example maps, challenge missions, information about weapons, or voice banks.

In the Challenge missions, the player has to use a weapon/utility to collect targets that add to their timebank, which increases steadily. Getting a gold medal here unlocks maps or locked weapons.

The Campaign mode contains film references and moments. The level "Place Holder" is an homage to the "Jaws" series, with the dead shark with a fire extinguisher in its mouth, the boat, and the fuel canisters; on the back of the boat there is a sign visible saying 'ORCA', the name of the boat in the films. Elsewhere, the lighthouse and billboard are recreated, the latter under the guise of 'Worms Island'.

In the game, the player can obtain the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch, a reference to "Monty Python and the Holy Grail". As an additional reference, the only available fuse time is three, referencing a long, drawn-out speech in the film about three being the only time that must be counted before throwing the grenade, after which the King counts to five.

There is a multiplayer map titled "Hold Until Relieved", a reference to "The Longest Day", a film about the D-Day invasion. The scene where this quote is said has a bridge, as does the map.

The game received generally positive reviews. Despite this, most reviewers criticized the 3D camera system, that often places behind the objects in landscape with the worm being hidden in front of those.



</doc>
<doc id="1930930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1930930" title="Worms 4: Mayhem">
Worms 4: Mayhem

Worms 4: Mayhem is a 3D artillery tactical and strategy game in the "Worms" series developed by Team17. It is much like its 3D predecessor "Worms 3D", except that players can customize their worm's appearance (hats/helmets, glasses, facial hair, gloves/hands) as well as create their own unique weapons in a new feature called "The Weapon Factory". The game also contains a shop where players can buy various items, using points won by completing story missions, challenges, or unlocking trophies. Shop items include new maps, new accessories and attire, personality banks (voices) and game styles. There are several new weapons and utilities included in the new game such as Bubble Trouble, Icarus Potion, Poison Arrow, Sniper Rifle, Inflatable Scouser, Tail Nail and Starburst. Unlike previous "Worms" games, "Worms 4: Mayhem" provides cutscenes before each story mission to reveal background information.

The player's team of worms arrives at Worminkle University, where they meet Professor Worminkle, who trains the team to use various weapons. Worminkle then sets the team assignments to sneak into enemy buildings and destroy their construction sites. To flee government agents, Worminkle and the team travel back in time to the Middle Ages using Worminkle's time machine, but the machine gets damaged and they get attacked by wizards and knights. After fighting through them, the team proceed to the Wild West to find gold to keep the machine powered, fighting Boggy the Kid in the process, and to Ancient Arabia to recover jewels stolen by Ali Baboon and his pesky thieves and keep the machine's navigation controls balanced.

After recovering the jewels, Worminkle fixes the machine, but accidentally drops a letter. The team reads the letter, which reveals that the government was planning to build a new research laboratory to replace Worminkle University. Worminkle quickly takes the letter back and continues the journey with the team, but after they stop in prehistoric times, Worminkle betrays the team, telling them he actually used them as part of his plan to escape from the Government. Planning to abandon the team in the Stone Age, he flees, but crashes into a mountain. Determined to catch him, the team battle through caveworms and dinoworms. After reaching Worminkle, the team, knowing of his betrayal, steals the time machine from him and travels back to the present day, leaving Worminkle trapped in the Stone Age forever and panicking.

Gameplay follows on the traditional gameplay of the series, in which teams of worms take turns to use a variety of weapons and items in order to eliminate the opposing team(s). The game is presented in a 3D perspective.

The game also has additional game modes, such as Challenge mode, which presents the player with various challenges (e.g. infecting enemy worms with a poison arrow) which the player must attempt to complete.

Multiplayer mode is available via Hotseat. Online mode is also available on the PC version.

Worms 4: Mayhem received mixed to positive reviews. Critics generally criticized Worms 4: Mayhem for its lack of difference from previous 3D Worms games, difficult controls and illogical AI. However, the range of weapons were praised for including new and existing weapons, along with the level design.


</doc>
<doc id="1934390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1934390" title="NASCAR Thunder 2004">
NASCAR Thunder 2004

NASCAR Thunder 2004 is a racing simulator by EA Sports, released in 2003 and available in separate versions for PlayStation, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Windows. It features the 2002 champion Tony Stewart on the cover with a scowling look to represent the new Grudges and Alliances feature. It was the only game as of 2002 to feature the previous Winston Cup Champion on the cover. The game had the most extensive soundtrack of the series up from four songs from the previous game. The game also has a career mode, season mode, Lightning Challenge mode, SpeedZone, as well as a tutorial mode featuring Richard Petty. The game is an EA Sports Bio game, and is compatible with other EA Sports Bio games like "Madden NFL 2004" and "NCAA Football 2004". A Nintendo GameCube port was planned but was cancelled for unknown reasons.


The main feature of the game is the "Grudges and Alliances" feature, which is based on the player's driving style and attitude. If the player drives dirty and bumps into other drivers, even if it was an unintentional bump, that driver becomes a "Rival", and will bump into the player if they happen to encounter each other later in the race. However, if the player drafts the opponent (a new feature for the game), that rival's level in grudge severity drops. If the player drafts a neutral driver long enough, that driver will become an "Ally", and at times will let the player pass. Conversely, if the player bumps into an ally, their alliance will slowly drop. The maximum amount of severity for both grudges and alliances is -100 and +100, respectively. The player can see his/her four highest grudges and alliances at the end of the race. In Season and Career modes, the grudges and alliances the player makes carry over to future races.

The game received positive reviews from critics, with IGN giving the PS2 version an 8.8/10, praising the sounds, "QuickSave", and the microphone support. The main issue that IGN cited was that the driving model is somewhat unrealistic. IGN gave the PC version an 8.5, with the issue being the spotter's incompetence. The Xbox review was also an 8.5, and praised the framerate. GameSpot called the game the Tony Hawk or Madden of NASCAR, and gave the game an 8.8, with Metacritic giving it an 88. The more critical review came from GameZone, giving the game an 8.4.

The game received many top awards, the most notable was received at the 2003 Video Game Awards, where "NASCAR Thunder 2004" won the award for 2003's best racing game. It is currently the only NASCAR game to win an award at the VGAs.


</doc>
<doc id="1936591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1936591" title="Decisive Battles of WWII: Korsun Pocket">
Decisive Battles of WWII: Korsun Pocket

Decisive Battles of WWII: Korsun Pocket is a turn-based strategy computer game developed by the Strategic Studies Group (SSG).

The game depicts the historical World War II battle of the Korsun Pocket.

The game is part of the Decisive Battles of World War II series and was released on August 25, 2003.

In December 2003, SSG released an expansion pack for Korsun Pocket called "Across the Dnepr", referring to the Dnieper River in Ukraine. The expansion pack is only available via a download from the Matrix Games website.

In "PC Gamer US", William R. Trotter declared "Korsun Pocket" "the best wargame ever made for the PC." He praised its combination of extreme detail and accessibility, and argued that "it can be mastered by any novice willing to invest the time and patience", despite single turns requiring an hour of play. Trotter concluded, "It is the Mount Everest, the Beethoven's Ninth, and "Moby Dick" of PC wargames, and it absolutely qualifies as a genuine work of art." Similarly, Bruce Geryk of "Computer Gaming World" called "Korsun Pocket" "the best hex-based computer wargame ever made", and echoed Trotter's praise of its high level of detail. He wrote, ""Korsun Pocket" manages to capture everything that's compelling about historical wargaming, exclude the tedium, and present it as a tremendous game."

The editors of "Computer Gaming World" named "Korsun Pocket" the 2003 "Wargame of the Year". They wrote, "The core design is as outstanding as the interface and presentation, and the A.I. demolishes the myth that war games can't put up a decent fight against a human opponent." GameSpy also declared "Korsun Pocket" the best computer wargame of 2003, and its editors called it "arguably the best traditional hex-based wargame of all time." It was a nominee for "PC Gamer US"s 2003 "Best Turn-Based Strategy Game" award, although it lost to "". The editors called it "the new 'big dog' of the hex-based wargame genre".



</doc>
<doc id="1938636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1938636" title="Deathtrap Dungeon (video game)">
Deathtrap Dungeon (video game)

Ian Livingstone's Deathtrap Dungeon is an action-adventure video game developed by Asylum Studios and published by Eidos Interactive for PlayStation and Microsoft Windows in 1998. It is based on the adventure gamebook of the same name (the sixth in the "Fighting Fantasy" series) written by Ian Livingstone, and published by Puffin Books in 1984.

The game is a third-person adventure, with the player taking the role of an adventurer (either the Amazon "Red Lotus" or the Barbarian "Chaindog"), who at the invitation of a wizard explores a series of dungeons and must overcome both monsters and traps to find riches.

Ian Livingstone was heavily involved in determining the game's level design and art style. The aesthetics and atmosphere are manifestly inspired by Italian artist Giovanni Battista Piranesi, whose ruins drawings fascinated Ian Livingstone.

Though the game's 3D engine is very similar to that of "Tomb Raider", another Eidos-published game with a development cycle which overlapped that of "Deathtrap Dungeon", the two games were developed in isolation.

"Deathtrap Dungeon" received "mixed or average", according to review aggregator GameRankings.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PlayStation version of the game, rating it one star out of five, and stated that "The flaws in the game continually distracted us from the fun parts. Overall, there are only three words for this game - bad, bad, bad."


</doc>
<doc id="1939369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1939369" title="Under Siege (2005 video game)">
Under Siege (2005 video game)

Under Siege ("Taht-al-hissar" تحت الحصار) is a sequel to the video game "Under Ash" designed by Radwan Kasmiya. Like "Under Ash", it is a first-person shooter, with the option of playing the game as a third-person shooter. The game focuses on the lives of a Palestinian family between 1999 and 2002 during the second Intifada. The player shoots at Israeli Defense Force soldiers throughout most of the game. Shooting at civilians or otherwise hurting them ends the game.

The game has been described as a "docugame", since all the game levels are based on actual events documented by United Nations records (1978–2004).

"Under Siege" is about the modern history of Palestine and it focuses on the lives of five Palestinian family members, during the second Intifada 1999–2002.


The game was released in three versions:

In 2013, the Golden Edition was released for free on the Afkar Media website, accompanied by a message saying "RIP Under Ash".





</doc>
<doc id="1941001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1941001" title="Dungeon Siege II">
Dungeon Siege II

Dungeon Siege II is an action role-playing video game, the sequel to 2002's "Dungeon Siege". It was developed by Gas Powered Games and released on August 16, 2005. The story is a continuation of the "Dungeon Siege" storyline. An expansion "" was released in 2006.

The game play centers around a class system of Melee, Ranger, Nature magic and Combat magic with the introduction of two additional classes in the expansion pack "Broken World". The player controlled protagonist finds themselves changing alliances once their friend, Drevin, is killed in the main story line and works to defeat the villain Valdis. Players can recruit NPC players with unique personalities and attributes which offers depth to game play.

The game was favorably received upon release, scoring an 80 on Metacritic and winning PC Gamer US's "Best Roleplaying Game 2005" award.

Unlike "Dungeon Siege", "Dungeon Siege II" takes a more varied approach to its gameplay. The original game was criticized for being too automated and lacking replay value. Developer Gas Powered Games improved the old system into a more versatile one that incorporates additional elements of strategy.

By default, the new system turns off much of the original game's combat automation and requires players to click once for each individual attack of their selected character. For players who liked the combat system of the previous version, the new system can be made to behave more like it. Clicking on a monster and holding the right mouse button makes the character continuously attack until the monster dies. There are options that allow the player's characters to automatically defend themselves and/or automatically continue to attack their targets, much like in the old system.

In the original "Dungeon Siege", the four character specialities (also known as classes) differed only in the items and spells they were allowed to use. In "Dungeon Siege II", each speciality (Melee, Ranged, Nature Magic, Combat Magic) has a unique set of skills, that determines a character's particular strengths. For example, melee-oriented characters can get better at using a shield to defend their allies or they can improve their two-handed weapon skills to more effectively attack opponents. As in the original game, multi-classing (distributing experience and skills to more than one class) is possible, but it is best to do so with caution. A character learning skills in too many different areas may find themselves spread too thin and unable to perform any role effectively.

In the expansion pack for "Dungeon Siege II", "Broken World", two new character classes have been introduced. These classes are multi-class characters: the Fist of Stone being a multi-class of Melee and Nature Magic, and the Blood Assassin being a multi-class of Ranged and Combat Magic. These new classes have been given their own specialised skill trees in addition to the others, allowing them to multiclass more easily without being at as much of a disadvantage. For example, the Fist of Stone is able to cause small earthquakes when attacking to keep up with the damage output of a pure melee character, and the Blood Assassin is able to cause targets to hemorrhage blood to keep up with the damage output of a pure ranged character (as they multi-class, they cannot upgrade their weaponry as often and would otherwise be weaker in combat).

Another change in "Dungeon Siege II" is the addition of the Hero Powers system. Powers are special abilities that characters can use when normal attacks do not suffice; they include abilities like invincibility for the entire party and the power to summon a lightning strike that damages all enemies in the area. They are acquired when certain skills are trained to a certain level. Each power has 3 levels, each requiring more skill points to get. Powers increase in potency as characters level.

Like its predecessor, "Dungeon Siege II" is a party-based role-playing game. Players can have up to four characters in a party under the first difficulty setting (Mercenary), five characters in Veteran difficulty, and six in Elite difficulty. Aside from being able to recruit non-player characters (NPCs) that function much like the player's own character, players can also buy pets that grow after being fed items. However, unlike its predecessor, the hirable NPCs have unique personalities and can converse with the player and each other at certain points in the game; they even have their own personal side quests. Pets start off with a basic attack (and spell if applicable), gain a Power upon reaching the third level of growth, and finally gain an emanation upon becoming Mature. Emanations are special pet-only auras that provide beneficial effects to friendly characters within range (such as increased mana regeneration).

The magic system in "Dungeon Siege II" remains largely unchanged. Combat Mages and Nature Mages still have access to separate spell lines that increase in power as the character levels. However, combat and nature magic are much more distinct from each other than in "Dungeon Siege". Combat magic focuses on causing massive amounts of damage and weakening enemies with curses, while nature magic focuses more on healing, summoning and strengthening party members with embrace and wrath enchantments.

Parties are limited to a maximum of two concurrent buffs. Pets' spells count towards this buff limit, but their emanations (see above) do not. Weapon enhancement spells, used by the Fist of Stone and Blood Assassin characters introduced in the expansion, also do not count towards this limit. Each enemy may only have one debuff placed on it at a time. All negative effects count towards this limit, including curses and stuns.

"Dungeon Siege II"'s "game over" system is similar to that in many other role-playing games. When a character loses enough health, they usually fall into a state of unconsciousness. The character falls to the ground, unable to move, and must wait for their health to slowly regenerate itself or wait for magical healing from another character. If a character is hit hard enough by an enemy, or if an enemy is persistent in attacking an unconscious character, the character may eventually be killed. Once death occurs, the character can no longer be healed and must be resurrected by another character or by a special Necromancer NPC in town. If the entire party is slain, the party may choose to continue by respawning back in town without their equipment. Their equipment is left on their corpses. The party must then find a way to retrieve its fallen equipment, either by venturing back to the characters' corpses or by having them summoned to town by a Necromancer NPC for a monetary charge.

"Dungeon Siege II" supports multiplayer cooperative gaming over LAN, the Internet, and the GameSpy network. Multiple players can cooperate in separate-but-allied parties. There is a total limit of eight characters, though only four can be player-controlled. Purchased pets count towards this limit but summoned creatures (from spells) do not. There is an unsupported "old school" mode in multiplayer, allowing up to eight players to play simultaneously. To enable this, add "oldschool=true" (without quotes) to command line or the .ini file.

For LAN and Internet play, saved games are stored on the players' own computers. For GameSpy play, saved games and characters are stored on GameSpy's servers. The GameSpy environment limits the amount of online cheating that can take place, but as of late beta, the possibility still existed. GameSpy characters can be downloaded from the GameSpy servers to players' computers, where they can then be used for Internet, LAN, and single-player games. The reverse is not true: GameSpy characters can only be created and leveled on the GameSpy network itself. GS network makes an attempt to support only original games; unlicensed copies are blocked if they cannot mimic the CD-Key. Online play may therefore also not be possible with a second-hand game. The Steam version of "Dungeon Siege II" does not support multiplayer functionality.

The game begins with the player-controlled protagonist and their friend, Drevin, serving as mercenaries in the army of Valdis, a warlord who has aligned himself with a race of Dark Wizards and wields the magical Sword of Zaramoth. The player character and Drevin are ordered to capture a temple held by dryads. After the temple is captured, however, Valdis attacks the mercenaries. Drevin is killed, and the player character is knocked unconscious.

The player character regains consciousness in the custody of the dryads. Rather than execute them, the dryads allow the player to earn their freedom by helping them in the war against Valdis. After the protagonist earns freedom, they discover that they are infected with the Plague, a mysterious disease created by the Dark Wizards that drives its victims to insanity. After being cured by the water from an Elven shrine, they return to their hometown.

On the way home, the player character rescues an old man from Plague-maddened dryads. The old man describes an event called the Great Cataclysm, caused when the Sword of Zaramoth that Valdis wields struck a magical shield called the Shield of Azunai. The blow shattered the shield, causing a catastrophe that ended the First Age. Valdis hopes to cause another such catastrophe by gathering the shards of the Shield of Azunai so he can shatter it again. The old man explains the Plague, saying that it is caused by crystals created during the Great Cataclysm that give license to the souls of Zaramoth's army to possess the living.

After the player character returns home, they begin to gather the pieces of the shield to use it against Valdis. After they gather all of the pieces, they take them to the Agallan giants so that they can re-forge the shield. As they re-forge it, they place a medallion in the center of it for added durability. This medallion had previously been worn by Drevin; he gave it to the player character before he died.

With the shield re-forged, the player character travels to Valdis' stronghold known as Zaramoth's Horns. The shield protects them from the Dark Wizards, but the battle with Valdis himself proves to be a stalemate until the old man appears and takes the shield from the player character. He gives the shield to Valdis, revealing that he is a Dark Wizard. Valdis tries to destroy the shield with the Sword of Zaramoth, but when he strikes the shield, his sword shatters instead. Valdis and the player character resume the battle, in which Valdis is killed.

2K Games released "Dungeon Siege II: Broken World" in September 2006. The expansion pack introduces several features, including an additional act (campaign), two hybrid classes based on existing classes, Dwarves as a playable race, enchantment-based "recipes", two pets purchasable at the act's main town, including the Pack Ram and Kohl Beast, and the PlayStation Portable crossover items to promote and to be used in conjunction with "".

"Dungeon Siege II: Deluxe Edition" is a special collector's set that includes the original "Dungeon Siege II", "Broken World" expansion pack, and a number of collectible items spanning maps, portraits, wallpapers and a "The Making of "Dungeon Siege II"" video file on CD-ROM. It was released on October 23, 2006.

The game received generally favorable reviews based on 51 critic reviews, scoring an 80 on Metacritic.

"Dungeon Siege II" won "PC Gamer US"s "Best Roleplaying Game 2005" award. The magazine's Greg Vederman called it "that rare sequel that rises above its predecessor in just about every way."



</doc>
<doc id="1941504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1941504" title="Crescendo (visual novel)">
Crescendo (visual novel)

The game follows a student named Ryo Sasaki through the five days leading up to his high school graduation. The story is presented as text, laid over graphics of the player's current location and other characters who are present. The player progresses through the story and is occasionally presented with decisions that determine the path the game will take.

"Crescendo" is told from a third person perspective. This allows the game to shift to other characters' viewpoints from time to time. Most of the game is played from Ryo's point of view, though. "Crescendo" is a unique visual novel in that none of the background music used within the game were composed by Yoshio Tsuru for the purpose of the game; instead, it uses various famous songs, pieces, and folk songs (and rearrangements thereof) as its background music, tying the motif of music more closely into the game.

This game also includes an in-universe nod to characters from an earlier Digital Object game "", where the player can watch a movie based on the lives of the characters from that game.

Ryo was adopted by the Sasaki family as a baby, much to the delight of his new adoptive sister, Ayame. His new parents chose not to tell him that he was adopted, however, and he didn't discover this fact until his teens. Ryo's life was shortly dealt another blow when his adoptive parents were killed in a car accident. Ayame abandoned her nursing studies in order to get a job and support Ryo through high school. One of the first people Ryo met at high school was Kaho Nagira. She begged him to join the literature club, which was in danger of being closed due to low membership. Surprising even himself, Ryo agreed to join, and he and Kaho became friends. Ryo found it difficult to settle into life at his new school, and sometimes had run-ins with other students. It was in the aftermath of one of these fights that he met the school nurse, Kaori Shito, and the two struck up an unlikely friendship. Throughout his time at high school, Ryo often visited her office in order to take naps and skip class, or simply to talk with her.

In Ryo's third year of high school, Kyoko Ashihara joined the literature club. She was a first-year student and a friend of Kaho's. Ryo found himself touched by Kyoko's plight—living by herself, apart from both of her parents—and did his best to be kind to her. Ryo has a low opinion of Yuka Otowa. She is looked down upon at the school because she prostitutes herself to other students. However, at the same time, Ryo has found himself defending her to other people and helping her in times of crisis, though he doesn't understand why he bothers. Although Ryo once said he hated Yuka for what she does, his hatred slowly disappears soon after. Tomonori Sugimura is Ryo's best friend at high school. After he met Kaho at the school festival, he asked Ryo to introduce the two of them properly, hoping to develop a relationship with her. Ryo did so, despite his own interest in Kaho. Tomonori and Kaho started dating shortly thereafter. Miyu Shizuhara is a friend of Kaho's who Ryo met when he heard her playing the piano in the music room. Miyu quickly warmed to him, and they soon became friends.











</doc>
<doc id="1945776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1945776" title="Last Call (video game)">
Last Call (video game)

Last Call! is a video game for Windows released in 2000 by publisher Simon & Schuster. Those playing the game take on the role of a bartender attempting to maximize tips from customers.

The game was developed by Cutler Creative and supported Windows 95 and Windows 98. The game's creator, John Cutler, first got the idea for the game in 1995. He wanted to have a game that could teach people to mix drinks. Under the original title Bartender USA, the player would start at a Howard Johnson's and gradually work their way up to a trendy bar in New York City. At the time, Cutler had no video game experience, and didn't own a computer until he started development. He attended E3 and also worked as a bartender to better understand what he needed to do. He hired programmers and artists to put together a mockup of the game. The original concept included some live action animation, which was dropped from the final game. Simon & Schuster had recently published the comedy game Deer Avenger, and agreed to publish the game since it matched up with their business model at the time. This agreement gave Cutler's team funding to develop and complete the game. Due to Cutler's inexperience, many aspects of the game needed to be rethought during the development process. Cutler credited his choice to use Macromedia Director as making a mammoth task much easier. He struggled with feature creep and his relationship with the testing company.

The setting of the game is a fictional bar in New York City. The player, as bartender, must learn to mix over one hundred drinks. They also have to ID all customers (serving an underage customer will get the player fired), charm customers, keep music playing, and keep customers from being too drunk. The game offers a recipe book for players, but players will score better if they don't use it. Also, without memorizing the recipes, the player will run out of time. The ultimate goal of the game is to get the most tips. There are around 20 characters that the player needs to serve in the game. One of these characters is Vincent the Hedgehog, who is an actual hedgehog.

Review of the game were mixed. Ben Silverman of Game Revolution describes it as a casual game, and not one that a player would expect to play for hours. Silverman described it as a replacement for Solitaire that wouldn't hook players, but also stated that with its low price, it may be worth buying. Lisa Savignano of All Game praised the creative characters, but noted that some of the graphics were poor. IGN appreciated the large library of drinks, but noted that the animation was often clunky.

The game sold poorly and was a flop. Despite this, for the French and UK market under the name Happy Hour, and in Germany under the name On the Rocks. Cutler was surprised at the nearly even ratio of male to female purchasers.

The video game is rated mature and is not recommended for those younger than 21.


</doc>
<doc id="1948219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1948219" title="ZPC">
ZPC

ZPC ("Zero Population Count") is a first-person shooter video game which uses the "Marathon 2" engine. It was developed by Zombie LLC, published by GT Interactive Software and released on October 31, 1996. It was noted for its stylized look adapted from artwork by Aidan Hughes (also credited with the game's concept).

The story focuses on Arman, an exiled "Warrior Messiah" who has come of age and sets out to reclaim his throne.

At some point prior to November 2003, Hughes announced plans to create or bring about a full-length "ZPC" film. However, nothing is known to have come of this.

Air Hendrix of "GamePro" found "ZPC" severely outdated, for both its 2D graphics and its gameplay, which he found made little advance beyond 1993's "Doom". However, he remarked that the "stark, sombre visual style" and moody music would highly appeal to many, and that this would make the gameplay more enjoyable to those players. A "Next Generation" critic said much the same: "Gameplay sticks to the tried-and-true tactics of the legion of "Doom" clones ... While the level and puzzle design are entirely satisfying, "ZPC" would be just another pretender to the throne if it weren't for the tremendous atmosphere provided by artists Aiden Hughes and musicians Roland and Paul Barker". He elaborated that "Hughes's predominantly black and red palette and structuralist approach make "ZPC" one of the most unique-looking games around."



</doc>
<doc id="1948370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1948370" title="Ultima: Worlds of Adventure 2: Martian Dreams">
Ultima: Worlds of Adventure 2: Martian Dreams

Ultima: Worlds of Adventure 2: Martian Dreams is a role-playing video game set in the Ultima series, published in 1991, and re-released for Windows and Mac OS via GOG.com in 2012. It uses the same engine as "", as did the first Worlds of Ultima game, "".

The game has an extensive cast of Victorian Era people, including Marie Curie, Buffalo Bill, Rasputin, Sigmund Freud, Sarah Bernhardt, Thomas Edison, Theodore Roosevelt, William Randolph Hearst, Andrew Carnegie, Nikola Tesla, and C. L. Blood.

After the events in the "Savage Empire", the Avatar is visited by a strange red-haired woman who gives a book to him and his friend Dr. Spector. The book will eventually be written by Spector himself, and explains how to use the Orb of the Moons to travel through time. Following instructions, the duo ends up in the Victorian Era, where Percival Lowell has set up a space cannon that will launch some volunteers to Mars.

Through an act of sabotage, the cannon is fired during the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, with several dozen famous people and leaders of the time on board. A second cannon is prepared to find and recover the people in the first, who are now stranded on Mars.

It turns out that Mars had an extensive civilization based on plants. Most monsters the player encounters are so-called "plantimals", such as the Jumping Bean and the Planther. Mars has cities and canals, although the civilization is in ruins, so the player's first tasks are restoring the world power station, and melting enough of the polar caps (with a solar lens) to fill the canals.

Some of the people appear to have gone insane after using a device called the Dream Machine. What in fact happened was that, after massive soil poisoning, the original Martians had gone into a sort of alternate dimension called "dreamspace" to preserve themselves. Those people using the Dream Machine found themselves trapped in dreamspace, while the Martians took over their bodies. A large part of the game is spent visiting various people's nightmares and clearing them up.

Eventually, robotic bodies can be created for the Martians, since their plantamal bodies won't grow. After a showdown with the evil Raxachk, who caused the soil pollution in the first place, all Victorians can once more go home.

"Computer Gaming World"s Scorpia in 1991 liked "Martian Dreams"s Victorian setting, but criticized travel as "tedious". The magazine stated that the game was really an adventure pretending to be an RPG, with combat almost completely disassociated from the story, and concluded that it would most appeal to those who prefer other activities to fighting. Peter Olafson was more positive, calling it "an epic adventure ... that has all the depth and complexity of the Ultima series" while accessible to new adventurers. A review by Scorpia in 1993 was also positive, approving of the storyline. She concluded that "the game requires patience and careful attention to detail, but is otherwise enjoyable".



</doc>
<doc id="1951494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1951494" title="Lula (series)">
Lula (series)

Lula is a series of adult video games placed in the business world of hardcore pornography. They feature the title character Lula, a blonde busty female, and provide titillation and humour. They were developed by Interactive Strip (Redfire Software) and published by cdv Software Entertainment. The sexual theme of this series of games caused some controversy, particularly in the United States where the games were forbidden in several states (e.g. California) and some releases of the game were not carried by Amazon.

"Lula Inside" (also known as "Lula Virtual Babe") is a virtual tamagotchi. It is the second game in the "Lula" series. 

"Lula Pinball" (also known as "Lula Flipper") is a "Lula" themed pinball game. 

"Lula Strip Poker" is a strip poker game where the player challenges Lula.

"Wet Attack: The Empire Cums Back" is the third "Lula" game released. The player begins by stealing a spaceship, named "The Tit", then begins searching for Lula, who is lost in space. Following leads, the player travels from planet to planet, picking up cargo and selling for a profit. Sometimes the cargo includes contraband, which pays well, but is risky. From time to time the spaceship is attacked by pirates who try to steal cargo or girls. Players must assemble a full-body ship before they can save the lost Lula.

The player has to hire a crew for the ship, a gunner and an engineer, and keep them happy. (The crew is all female, so players have to "keep them happy", or may hire up to three gigolos if they would rather get on with the missions.) This helps keep the ship together. Players can also buy upgrades for "the Tit"; engines, guns, shields, spy satellites etc. After a while they can buy a "second Tit", doubling the size of the ship. While docking at a planet, the ship doubles as a brothel. The player hires girls to work in the bedrooms, and keeps them healthy, sexy, and satisfied.

The latest entry in the series, "Lula Online" is a browser based Simulation RPG where it plays much like Wet: The Sexy Empire, though more modernized than its older counterpart. It is currently in beta and is the only entry not developed or published by cdv Software Entertainment. "Lula Online"s servers were shut down in Spring 2018. 



</doc>
<doc id="1952253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1952253" title="Touhou Project">
Touhou Project

The , often referred to simply as , is a bullet hell shoot 'em up video game series created by one-man Japanese "dōjin" soft developer Team Shanghai Alice. Since 1995, Jun'ya "ZUN" Ōta has independently developed programming, graphics, writing, and music for the series, self-publishing 22 titles . In addition to the bullet hell games, Team Shanghai Alice has produced six official spin-off fighting games in collaboration with developer Twilight Frontier, as well as various related print works and music albums.

The setting of the "Touhou Project" is Gensokyo, a "fantasy land" sealed from the outside world and primarily inhabited by humans and "yōkai", legendary creatures from Japanese folklore. Reimu Hakurei, the main character of the series and the maiden of the Hakurei Shrine, is often tasked with resolving supernatural "incidents" caused by antagonistic "yōkai" and others. The first five titles were developed for the Japanese NEC PC-9800 computer series, with the first, "Highly Responsive to Prayers", released in August 1997; "danmaku" (弾幕 "barrage", "bullet curtain") mechanics were introduced in the second game, "Story of Eastern Wonderland". The release of "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil" in August 2002 marked a shift to Microsoft Windows, bringing the series to a wider audience. Numerous sequels followed, including several spin-offs from the traditional bullet hell format.

The "Touhou Project" has become notable as a prominent source of Japanese "dōjin" content, with the series spawning a vast body of fan-made works including artwork, music, print works, video games, anime, and Internet memes. The popularity of the series and its derivative works has been attributed in part to the few restrictions placed by ZUN on the use of his characters and settings. Unofficial works are frequently sold at fan conventions, including Comiket, where the franchise has frequently held the record for circle participation, and the official convention Reitaisai, where trial versions of the official games are typically distributed prior to release.

The first five games in the series were developed by Jun'ya Ōta (太田 順也 "Ōta Jun'ya"), an amateur Japanese developer working under the name "ZUN Soft". Ōta, then a 17-year-old mathematics student at Tokyo Denki University, independently developed the titles for the NEC PC-9800 personal computer series, utilizing the platform's 16-bit color graphics and six-channel FM synthesis audio. The titles were officially published by Amusement Makers, an student video game development club that he was a member of.

After the release of "Mystic Square", ZUN graduated from university and the series became inactive for four years. During this period, he began employment at the Taito Corporation as a game developer, while also composing music for various games created by members of Amusement Makers. He left the group in 2001 to focus on the development of games for Microsoft Windows, forming the one-man "dōjin" circle Team Shanghai Alice and self-publishing all subsequent titles. According to ZUN, the Windows games represent a "clean slate" for the series canon, albeit with many carry-overs and references from the PC-98 era. Games numbered with decimals are spin-offs from the main series that vary in genre.

Between 2002 and 2016, ten music CDs were released as part of "ZUN's Music Collection". They are numbered from Volume 1 to 9 by release date, with "Unknown Flower, Mesmerizing Journey" being numbered as 5.5 due to its small size. Each album contains arrangements of music from the games as well as new compositions: 
Each album (except "Dolls in Pseudo Paradise" and "Unknown Flower, Mesmerizing Journey") includes a booklet written by ZUN documenting the activities of the "Secret Sealing Club" (秘封倶楽部 Hifū Kurabu), a self-described "club of necromancers" in Kyoto, Japan. In the loose collection of stories, club members Renko Usami and Maribel Hearn research and discuss various topics relating to Gensokyo and the paranormal; "Dolls in Pseudo Paradise" includes an unrelated story about the fate of eight thieves spirited away to Gensokyo.

In 2006 and 2007, ZUN released "Akyu's Untouched Score" (幺樂団の歴史 Yōgakudan no Rekishi, lit. "History of Yougakudan"), a five-volume collection of PC-98 soundtracks that includes several unused themes. The albums respectively cover "Lotus Land Story", "Mystic Square", "Story of Eastern Wonderland", "Phantasmagoria of Dim.Dream", and "Highly Responsive to Prayers". Each track in the collection was enhanced with the addition of a sixth FM synthesis channel, which was originally reserved for sound effects in the games:
Original soundtracks for the six official fighting games have also been released. The albums primarily consist of arrangements by of Twilight Frontier, with several arrangements and/or new compositions by ZUN:

"ZUN's Music Collection", "Akyu's Untouched Score", and the fighting game soundtracks have been released for digital download on Google Play and the iTunes Store (Japan, US). Several music CDs have accompanied copies of official print works; these are listed below.

In the shooting games, the player's bullet power increases on a linear scale as the player collects power-ups dropped by enemies, and eventually maxes out. The player can also collect 'point' icons to earn extra lives; the amount needed grows exponentially as the player's score rises. The player can use 'focus', the shift key by default, which slows down the player's movement, makes the collision box visible, and (generally; some characters are reversed) focuses the player's attack to make it more powerful. The graze counter, missing from "Mountain of Faith" and "Story of Eastern Wonderland", tracks how many bullets entered the character sprite but avoided the collision box, and rewards the player with a score bonus for living on the edge.

The player can use a weapon called a 'spell card', which is similar to a 'bomb' in most other shooting games. While the player has a limited number, using one makes the user temporarily invulnerable and uses a special magical attack that generally clears the screen. Each character has two cards with different names and patterns. The player can use one during a short period after being hit by a bullet (known as the 'border between life and death') to avoid loss of a life. The amount of time the player has available to use the border is usually around 0.3 seconds. Bosses also have spell cards, but with bosses the term applies to a prolonged pattern of movements and shots that lasts until the player depletes the boss' health by a certain amount or the time runs out, not a one-shot attack.

Each individual game of the main series from "Perfect Cherry Blossom" to "Ten Desires" has additional items that affect some aspect of gameplay, such as scoring or gaining extra lives/bombs. For example, "Perfect Cherry Blossom" has "cherry points", which are used mostly in scoring, but can grant temporary invulnerability (known as 'supernatural border'); "Imperishable Night" has "time points", which are essential for advancing to later stages, and also determine if the player gets to challenge a boss's 'final spell' on normal or higher difficulties; "Mountain of Faith" has 'faith' points, which boost the score the player receives upon gathering point items and bonuses for clearing spell cards without dying or using a spell card.

Each "Touhou" game has four difficulty levels—easy, normal, hard, and lunatic—with each one being harder than the previous one. Regardless of difficulty choice, there are six stages in each game and each one is harder than the previous. The only exceptions to this are "Story of Eastern Wonderland", and "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil" on easy difficulty, both of which only have five stages.

In addition to the four main difficulties, there is an extra stage which is a long and difficult stage in which players must play through hordes of enemies, and an especially long boss fight (usually with ten spell cards). In order to reach the extra stage, one must beat the game on normal difficulty or higher without the use of a continue. The only games that allow players to reach the extra stage by completing the easy difficulty are "Story of Eastern Wonderland", "Mystic Square", "Perfect Cherry Blossom", "Imperishable Night", "Fairy Wars", "Double Dealing Character", "Legacy of Lunatic Kingdom", "Hidden Star in Four Seasons", and "Wily Beast and Weakest Creature". In terms of difficulty, the extra stage is around the normal difficulty level or above. In "Perfect Cherry Blossom", there is also a phantasm extra stage in which the enemies that were already difficult in the extra stage have become even more challenging. Although the phantasm stage is aimed for the most experienced players, the difficulty is somewhere in between hard and lunatic. The phantasm stage is accessed by beating the extra stage and capturing at least 60 spells with any of the characters and weapon types combined.

The plots of the "Touhou Project" revolve around the strange phenomena that occur in the fictional realm of , which ZUN designed with a human village in the grounds of some remote mountain recesses in Japan. Originally, it was simply called "a remote separated land of a human village in an eastern country." Long before Touhou Project's story begins, there lived many non-humans like "yōkai" as well as some humans in the area. After a few humans lost their way into Gensokyo, humans became afraid of approaching this area, although others settled here for the sake of yōkai extermination. However, as time went on, humans developed civilization and multiplied in number, and thus the yōkai became distressed about how this would affect the balance between humans and yōkai. Thus, 500 years before "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil" (EoSD), the yōkai sage Yukari Yakumo developed the "boundary of phantasm and substance," which was favored by the yōkai and protected the balance. This was called the "Yōkai Expansion Project" and made Gensokyo a phantasmal world that automatically called out to the weakened yōkai of the outside world. Other things that disappear from the outside world, like extinct animals, lost tools, and architecture, also became abundant in Gensokyo. Since Gensokyo was a plot of land in Japan that was separated by a barrier, it is Japan that is immediately outside of this barrier.

As a result of the seal, Gensokyo became inaccessible from the outside world, and similarly, those in Gensokyo were unable to leave. Gensokyo's existence could not be confirmed from the outside world, nor could the outside world be confirmed within Gensokyo. As a result, the isolated community developed its own civilization, different from that of the outside world. Although separated by a barrier, it is a bordering world to its outside, as opposed to being in a parallel universe. There are no seas in Gensokyo, since it is an inland mountain. In Gensokyo, there are few humans, and various kinds of yōkai. Some species include magicians, beasts, therianthropies, vampires, bōrei, tengu, mermaids, kappa, and yōkai (a kind of miscellaneous group). There are others species that could be yōkai depending on definition, like fairies, spirits, yūrei, onryō, poltergeists, hermits, oni, and gods.

In present Gensokyo, which is presented in all "Touhou Project" games since EoSD, as opposed to the outside world where unscientific phenomena were dismissed as "superstition" by the time of the Meiji era, magical and spiritual qualities prevail. The only known gateway from the outside world into Gensokyo is the Hakurei Shrine on the border of Gensokyo. The spell card rules were also established to keep up the relationship between humans and yōkai in a mock style, which was necessary for the preservation of the balance of Gensokyo. The "Great Hakurei Barrier," managed by Hakurei Miko, was constructed several decades before EoSD, which is described as a "barrier of common sense," and is thus a strong logical barrier that not even yōkai can pass through. The yōkai were at first against its construction, but then gradually understood its usefulness.

In Gensokyo, events called "incidents" occur once in a while. An incident is an event that affects all of Gensokyo and is of unknown cause at the time it occurs. "Touhou Project" mainly focuses on incidents in its stories, but there are also works like "Mountain of Faith" that are about events other than incidents.

Frequently, incidents are due to a yōkai's whim or curiosity, and usually Reimu Hakurei would go to investigate it and then find and chastise the perpetrator. Usually, the shrine maiden of the Hakurei Shrine resolves incidents, but there are cases where Marisa Kirisame and other imitators would resolve them. When a major incident occurs, the spirits and fairies are affected by the circumstances, the incident, and the perpetrator, and experience an increase in power for the duration incident, so there are also cases where a mere fairy defeats Reimu. It has additionally been stated that people of the village also go out to resolve incidents.

With its focus on bishōjo characters, the "Touhou" series possesses a large cast compared to other shooting games. While they aren't developed nearly to the standards of a story-based game, many players love them, and even obscure stage bosses who only appear once have a fanbase. One example is Hong Meiling, affectionately known as Chūgoku (China), the stage 3 boss of "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil", who won a popularity contest in Japan out of all "Touhou" characters. Among the vast array of characters, only six named characters are male. One (Genjii) is a turtle, one is a cat (Sokrates), two (Youki Konpaku and Myouren Hijiri) are only mentioned in passing, one (Rinnosuke Morichika) is only featured in the serialized novel, and the last (Unzan) is a cloud-like entity. There is also one before all these (Shingyoku), but this character has three forms of different genders, so this character may not exactly be male.

Though each game features a collection of different characters, the main protagonist of the series is always Reimu Hakurei, joined by Marisa Kirisame after the second game. Exceptions to this include "Shoot the Bullet" and "Double Spoiler" (Aya Shameimaru is playable on both, and Hatate Himekaidou can become playable in "Double Spoiler"); "Fairy Wars" (which has Cirno as the sole playable character); "Impossible Spell Card" (where only Seija Kijin is playable); and "Violet Detector" (where only Sumireko Usami is playable).

The "Touhou Project" is a one-man project by a Japanese game maker, Jun'ya Ōta (usually under the pseudonym ZUN), who does all the graphics, music, and programming alone for the bullet hell games, with the exceptions of the portrait art in "Fairy Wars", which is by Makoto Hirasaka, and the fighting games, "Immaterial and Missing Power", "Scarlet Weather Rhapsody", "Touhou Hisōtensoku", "Hopeless Masquerade", and "Urban Legend in Limbo", which were dual efforts with Twilight Frontier.

The idea of "Touhou" first came to ZUN during his high school years, when shrine maiden-themed games were in the minority. "It would be nice to make shrine maiden games," he thought, and often imagined the music that would go with such games. He went to college, hoping to compose music for fighting games, since they were popular at the time due to "Street Fighter II". However, he decided that in order to put his music into games, it would be easier to make his own game to go with it, thus the first "Touhou" game, "Highly Responsive to Prayers", was released in 1996. The first game was originally intended as a practice in programming. "Touhou" only became a shooting game series starting from the second game, because the popularity of shooting games had revived due to "RayForce" and ZUN had long been a fan of such games. ZUN remarked how the general theme and direction of "Touhou" only started coming together in the sixth game, "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil".

ZUN develops his games with Visual Studio, Adobe Photoshop, and Cubase, according to his interview in "Bohemian Archive in Japanese Red".

A prodigious number of derivative works based on "Touhou" have been created since the release of "Embodiment of Scarlet Devil". These include dōjinshi, dōjin music, dōjin anime, and dōjin games (even though the "Touhou" games themselves are dōjin games). The vast scope of "Touhou" derivatives prompted commentary, noting that "Touhou Project" became an unmissable aspect of Japanese consumer generated media. These dōjin activities are mostly responsible for adding original attributes to characters that ZUN may not have intended. ZUN, for the most part, had acknowledged, appreciated, and even encouraged these derivative works by imposing very few restrictions on the use of his works. The major restrictions are on unauthorized commercial distribution (as opposed to dōjin) and the spoiling of endings; proper attribution to Team Shanghai Alice is a recommendation. ZUN stated himself that he did not want the "Touhou Project" game series to be officially commercialized.
The first recent publication of "Touhou" derivative doujinshi occurred during December 2003, following the release of "Perfect Cherry Blossom"; seven circles sold "Touhou" derivative works at Comiket 65 in December 2003. At the Comiket 74 in August 2008, a total of 885 circles had "Touhou" derivative works on display or for sale, out of a total of 35,000 circles participating at Comiket. At Comiket 77 (December 2009), 2,372 circles were dedicated to "Touhou", breaking the previous record held by "The Prince of Tennis" at Comiket 66 (August 2004), which had 2,130 circles. At Comiket 85 (December 2013), "Touhou" was still in the lead, with 2,272 participating circles selling "Touhou" derivatives, far outpacing those of other franchises.

The dōjin games based on "Touhou" include adaptations of other game series' mechanics with "Touhou" characters, such as "Komajou Densetsu: Scarlet Symphony" (a parody of the Castlevania games with the title being a play on the Japanese title of the series, "Akumajō Dracula"), "Age of Ethanols" (based on the "Age of Empires" series), and "Touhou Puppet Dance Performance" (based on the "Pokémon" games). The music of "Touhou" is also very popular and many arrangement CDs can be found for sale at Comiket and other Japanese conventions.

At Tokyo Game Show 2014, ZUN announced a collaborative project with PlayStation bringing unofficial, fan-made "Touhou Project" "dōjin" games to the PlayStation 4 (PS4) and PlayStation Vita platforms. As of September 2014, by Aqua Style, by Strawberry Bose and by Area-Zero have been announced for release on the PS4. The games will be published by Mediascape, under contract by Sony Computer Entertainment and ZUN, as part of a move towards embracing indie games for commercial distribution on PlayStation platforms.

Among the most popular derivatives are the series of Flash videos created by the dōjin music circle IOSYS. Many of them, one of which is "Marisa Stole the Precious Thing," are popular on otaku internet forums and Nico Nico Douga.

A short derivative animated project, was produced by Ufotable in celebration of the 10th anniversary of Japanese goods chain Animate as a promotional video for the store combining the world of "Touhou" with Animate's mascot, Meito Anizawa. Several fanmade anime have also been made for "Touhou". A dōjin anime project by the dōjin circle Maikaze, titled , is a fan-made anime adaptation with an original plot featuring "Touhou" characters, with four episodes released from 2008 to 2016, and the 2.5th episode released in 2014; the last episode will be released in 2020. Albeit created by an amateur studio, the project featured professional voice actors. Another dōjin anime by the circle Manpuku Jinja, titled (without voice dubbing but have background music and sound), was released at Comiket 80 in 2011, with one episode released based on the storyline of "Perfect Cherry Blossom", and there are 12 episodes as of 2019.

Kyoto Fantasy Troupe, a Chinese dōjin circle, made a dōjin anime titled "Hifuu Club Activity Record ~ The Sealed Esoteric History" (). The first episode was released at Comiket 89 in late 2015 and Chengdu TouhouOnly05 in early 2016, and it also featured professional Japanese voice actors when it was released again later. The second episode was released in 2017. Another Chinese dōjin circle, Perpetual Motion Niche, is also making a dōjin anime titled "Secluded Magic Instrument~ Meteors of Triple Dimension" (), which is about the story of the collision of three worlds——the forgotten Eastern Country (in the PC-98 games), Gensokyo (in the Windows games) and the outside world; the first episode was released in Q3 2017.

The "Touhou Project" was nominated for the 11th annual Media Arts Awards held by Japan's Agency for Cultural Affairs, under the Entertainment category, where "Touhou Project" eventually lost to Nintendo's "Wii Sports" for the Grand Prize award. The series was inducted into the Guinness World Records in October 2010 as the "most prolific fan-made shooter series".

Yuyuko Saigyouji and Reimu Hakurei also make cameo character appearances in Square Enix's game "Lord of Vermilion Re:2".

A major Internet meme based on "Touhou" is , which centers around the disembodied, deformed heads of "Touhou" characters, often referred to as "yukkuris". This meme originated from a disfigured attempt to draw the main characters Reimu and Marisa with Shift JIS art. Yukkuris became so popular that the phrase "Yukkuri shite itte ne!!!" won bronze for 2008's "Net Slang of the Year" in Japan. Yukkuris also appear in Internet advertisements, the anime "Natsu no Arashi!" and "Pani Poni Dash!", and most notably, the front page of 2channel, the largest Internet forum in the world.

In September 2017, music producer deadman 死人 (Noah Ryan Murphy) released the song "Omae Wa Mou" which samples the song "Tiny Little Adiantum" (2013) from the "Touhou Project" fan arrangement album "Toho Bossa Nova 2" by ShibayanRecords while also referencing "Fist of the North Star". The rapper Lil Boom produced his own version of the song called "Already Dead" three months later. In 2019, "Omae Wa Mou" went viral on TikTok and topped Spotify's Viral 50 chart, before being taken off the chart after being struck with a copyright claim.

The is the largest of the many dōjin conventions hosting only "Touhou" content. Although the coordinator of this convention has nothing to do with Team Shanghai Alice officially, the name "Hakurei Shrine Reitaisai" was given by ZUN himself. It first started in the year 2004 as a way for Team Shanghai Alice to publicly distribute the trial version for their upcoming games to the fans well in advance of releasing them on the internet; in addition, the 2004 Reitaisai featured a total of 114 participating circles. Since then, many "Touhou" derivative works are also gathered and sold there. Commencing every year in April or May, the convention has been hosted in Ōta, Tokyo in 2004; Naka-ku, Yokohama in 2005; Sunshine City, Tokyo in 2006 and 2007; and the Tokyo Big Sight in 2008 and after. The year 2010 saw the birth of Reitaisai SP, an additional Reitaisai to be held every autumn due to increasing popularity, but Reitaisai SP was canceled after 2011. The 2011 Reitaisai was originally canceled due to safety concerns after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, and the release of "Ten Desires" was also postponed. It was later rescheduled and held on May 8, 2011, with approximately 4,940 participating circles. In addition to events in Japan, there is another Reitaisai held in Taiwan starting in 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="1954092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1954092" title="X3: Reunion">
X3: Reunion

X3: Reunion (Trademarked as X: Reunion) is a single-player space trading and combat game developed by Egosoft and published by Deep Silver. It is the third installment in the "X universe" adventure video game series and the sequel to "" (2003), which in turn followed "" (1999). "X3: Reunion" was released originally for Windows in 2005. The game was later ported to Mac OS X and Linux. The X series is often compared to the classic Elite, in that these first-person space adventure games focus on trade and exploration, as well as combat.

The original retail version of "X3" reception improved after update patches by Egosoft according to players and critics, one remained skeptical.

Egosoft have continued to expand and develop this game since release, adding new ships and equipment, a new kind of station as well as new modding tools, and a new series of missions. New material for this game - official and fan made - is frequently released through Egosoft's official website.

"X3: Reunion" incorporates open-ended "sandbox" gameplay. The main quest can be postponed or ignored as the player explores the expansive universe and spends the most time in control of a ship, doing tasks of their own choosing. Different ships are available for various tasks: small, fast scouting ships; freighters; powerful battleships; and massive carriers for moving a fleet. Most ships seen in the game can be bought or captured, and flown by the player. The player is free to go anywhere in the X-Universe at any time and explore, complete plot-related goals or to fulfil their own personal goals.

"X3" uses a new, specifically developed graphics engine to give highly detailed renders of ships and stations, along with photo-realistic planets and a host of new effects, including lighting, shadow and reflection. Graphically, Egosoft redesigned everything from scratch. The stations are restructured, larger and more detailed. Few contain the internal docking ports of the prior games, instead featuring external docking clamps. Ship sizes have been redesigned according to a logical scale. Egosoft ensured a pilot would actually fit in their cockpit, and that a carrier vessel was actually large enough to carry a given number of ships. As such, ships and stations are noticeably different in size from prior games.

The HUD has also been altered. Egosoft removed non-functional internal cockpit graphics, giving the player a largely unobstructed view of space. There are now markers over game objects such as ships, stations and large asteroids, and each object is selectable by a simple mouse click, or through a keyboard or controller. "X3" uses a new interface designed to be faster, more user friendly, and compatible with a console controller. The game carries over many of the same short-cut keys from previous games, but now the mouse too can be used for functions including menu navigation, target selection, flying and combat.

The economy has been redesigned to be more sophisticated, with non-player ships now in direct competition with the player. New tools have been added to help the player compete in the X-Universe, including a new way of linking factories together into complexes which can be self-sustaining to varying degrees. There are also new in-game software products that allow a player to automate operations. In addition, Egosoft presents the player with a number of new scripting tools encouraging computer literate players to write their own functions into the game. This is further supported through Egosoft's scripts and Modding forum, where players share ideas.
Combat AI is improved, and enemy behavior redesigned. Many pirates now travel in gangs, often heavily armed, making them much more threatening than in earlier games. There are also smugglers, pirates who remain hidden until their cargo is scanned for contraband wares. There are now pirate missions available to the player, as well as a new pirate faction, known as the Yaki. Xenon and Kha'ak remain the primary antagonists; both races are entirely hostile and will often mount full scale sector invasions.

Status has far more relevance than in previous games. Now, many kinds of weapon, ship, and factory are not purchasable until the player has earned sufficient reputation with the vendor race. With some races, reputation can be earned through trade; with others, the player must earn respect by killing unwanted visitors in the race's space - such as pirates, Khaak, or Xenon. Some races appreciate both. By choosing to be an upstanding citizen, the player can earn the right to buy powerful new weapons, ships and technologies. By engaging in piracy, destruction, smuggling or other crime the player may lose reputation, and so may lose the privilege to buy things. The persistent wrongdoer may lose the right to land at stations, or even to enter sectors, being attacked on sight. Eventually, the player may find it impossible to buy many of the game's most powerful ships, weapons and technologies (although such things may still be possible to acquire through less orthodox means).

By "X3", the X-Universe consists of around 160 sectors connected by two-way jumpgates. The main area of each sector typically contains several stations and up to four gates. The game is open-ended, allowing the player to go where they like, when they like, doing whatever they like; a player is limited only by their in-game status and resources. As such, a driving force of the game is to acquire credits (the universal currency) and status.

The game contains numerous races. Status affects how individuals in different races respond to the player and what kind of missions are offered. A player's status is categorised according to "Mercantile" skill, "Combat" skill and a "Notoriety" ranking for each race.

Using credits, a player can buy wares from stations. These wares may be used, or flown to another station where they can be sold, ideally for a profit. However, prices vary depending on demand; the less of a ware there is, the higher its price. As such, the X-Universe has a truly dynamic market-driven economy. A player can capitalise on emergent trends, meeting demand to make vast profits, or as easily, can waste money and time on a bad cargo choice. In "X3", many NPC ships have the same plan, and the player can easily miss their intended market if another ship arrives first.
As players builds profit they can buy equipment, weapons, ships, and even their own factories.

Factory stations consume power and resources to produce products, which can then be sold into the X economy. If the product is rare, and the resources are cheap and plentiful, the factory can make profit. If not, it is possible to lose money. By filling a gap in the economy, a player can make solid and consistent profit through a factory. However, "X3"s economy is self-adjusting; NPCs are also able to build factories and can similarly profit. As such, "X3" has the most advanced, realistic, and arguably the most competitive economy of all the X games.

The player can acquire an unlimited number of ships and stations, of varying size, shape and function. Starting with little, the players can build their empire, set their own goals, and choose their own path in how they wish to shape the universe.

There are many different wares in "X3". Some are produced, others are constantly available such as software upgrades. Example classes of ware include lasers, missiles, shields, energy, minerals, foodstuffs, technological and biological.

Factories are stations which use resources to create one or many products. The needed resources and produced wares need to be transported by a ship. Traders in the universe must move wares between the factories to keep production going; if supply exceeds demand a factory will often stop producing goods. The player can build factories by buying them at a shipyard and loading them on board a large transport ship (TL class). The player factories can own their own ships to buy resources and sell products. There are many factory options to configure the trader ships behaviour and job. Player factories can also connect to each other to share resources and products. The factories are connected through tubes and the docking bay is moved to a central complex hub.

Trading Stations are usually found in every established sector. They each have a list of wares which they buy and sell at a fixed price. Equipment docks are trading stations which are aimed at the distribution of ship upgrades and equipment. They trade in missiles, lasers, shields, software and upgrades. All types of ships can dock at an equipment dock. Wares in both stations gradually deplete over time, ensuring a steady demand for higher-tier goods.

Shipyards sell ships and stations to the player. The player can sell and repair their ships at shipyards.

Pirate bases are located around the "X-universe". The player can buy and sell illegal goods in these stations. The player can also hire a hacker to change stations from hostile to friendly, allowing the player's ships to dock at stations they would not normally be able to trade with.

There are a handful of special stations which do not produce any goods. These are used in the plot.

Trading ships move wares from one station to another. The NPC traders can specialise in one or more classes of ware and provide factories with their resources. Unlike previous games in the X-Series, NPC traders are not owned by a single factory or station, but are instead all freelance traders, looking for the best trade runs between stations.

A range of different ship classes are available to fill different game functions. With some exceptions, each race produces their own kind of ship for each class.

The game is set in Earth year 2935 (X Universe year X 765), in a universe (seemingly) far removed from our own. The player reprises the role of Julian Gardna, also known as Julian Brennan, from the .

After his arrival at Argon Prime, Julian is contacted by his old friend Ban Danna of the Argon Secret Service. Danna informs him that the Argon military has suffered heavy losses in their war with the Kha'ak, and asks Julian to help in training some new pilots. Julian agrees and soon a series of events unfold, leading Julian to hunt down the seeds, ancient alien artifacts that may hold the key to making jump-gates, and allow a reunion with the lost planet Earth.

For X3s plot, Egosoft hired an experienced game and TV writer, Andrew S. Walsh.

"X3: Reunion" picks up where X2 left off—the Kha'ak are assaulting all areas of the X Universe, and Julian's father, Kyle, is still in a coma after being rescued from the Kha'ak. The player is then involved in an intricate plot, revealing the reason for the Kha'ak attack, the quest to open a portal to Earth with special gem artifacts, the introduction of a mysterious alien race, Kyle's re-awakening, and the arrival of Terran (Earth) forces in the X Universe.

A mysterious alien only referred to as "Sargon" manipulates events during the story. A Goner named "Ion" tasks Julian with finding three crystals and an artifact referred to as the "seed" to help open a gate to Earth. During the storyline, Julian meets the pirate "Don Toni Marani" and his daughter, who help in later missions. Ion attempts to run off with the artifacts once he gets them, but when captured he reveals he was being manipulated by Sargon. Kyle re-awakens from his coma; however, his brain waves are still linked to the Kha'ak, leading them to conduct another assault in Paranid space. The Argon Federation declare Kyle to be an enemy to appease the Paranid.

Julian is also marked an enemy by the Argon Federation, hoping to avoid a war with the Paranid, who accuse Julian of committing crimes in their territory. The Paranid are finally revealed to have provoked the Kha'ak into attacking the races of the X-Universe, after one of their scouting missions found the Kha'ak's home world. The Paranid also have been strip mining the valuable Nividium asteroids, which further anger the Kha'ak, who make their homes from Nividium. The mined Nividium alongside synthesised versions of the artifacts were being fashioned into jump gates, by which the Paranid hoped to manipulate the economy.

A gate to Earth is opened, which Kyle passes through, causing the Kha'ak to discover it. They try to go through it and fight a combined Teladi, Boron and Argon fleet led by Ban Danna, inflicting large casualties. Julian and Ion try to stabilise the gate with the Teladi station, which sends them both through it, killing Ion. Julian survives and finds himself floating at a gate near Earth, with a massive fleet moving towards him. It is the Terran fleet, and with Kyle and Julian on board it passes through the jump hole and helps the overwhelmed defenders against the Kha'ak. The Terrans afterwards harbor distrust towards the X Universe races, even the Argon humans, prompting Kyle to return to Earth to try to correct the situation. Julian is released, pardoned of his crimes by the Argon Federation and the Paranid Empire, and the player is left to do whatever he wants in the post-plot universe.

"X3: Reunion" was developed by Egosoft and published by Deep Silver. It began as project "X2: The Return", Egosoft's planned extension for "X2: The Threat". However, as the project advanced, it soon outgrew the constraints of the "X2" Engine. In April 2005, Egosoft announced that "X2: The Return" was cancelled and that the game, using the new "X3" Engine, would become "X3: Reunion". A month later, they demonstrated the power of the ""X3 Reality Engine"" in May 2005's Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), stunning industry insiders with high-definition moving renders of space stations, planets and other scenes. "X3" was released later in October.

"X3: Reunion" was released five months after the E3 in the EU on October 28, 2005 for Windows and on November 4, 2005 in North America. The game has been later ported to Linux and Mac OS X; Mac OS X for release in August 2007; the Linux version followed on December 5 2008.

The game was also intended to be Egosoft's first multiplatform release on both Windows and Xbox. However, shortly before release it was announced that the Xbox version had been cancelled. No Xbox version is available.

The original retail release version of "X3: Reunion" was plagued by a number of bugs and issues - including a bug which prevented the player from completing the game.

Subsequently, Egosoft released a series of patches, first to resolve problems and later to add new features, expanding the game. Patches 1.2 to 1.4 were primarily aimed at eliminating bugs, improving performance and resolving compatibility issues.

On December 31, 2005, an updated manual was released for the game in a PDF file. This can be obtained from the downloads section of the official page. At 97 pages long, it is 16 pages longer than the first version. It contains information about the changes in the v1.4 patch, and corrections to errors in the earlier manual that shipped with the game.

On July 22, 2006 both X3 and its predecessor X2 became available via Valve's Steam online content delivery system, with the StarForce copy protection system removed. The in November 2015 released version on online content delivery system gog.com is fully DRM-free.

On November 11, 2006 Egosoft released version 2.0.01 of "X3: Reunion" including the Bala Gi Expansion. This contained many new ships, features, new sectors and further bug fixes. Bala Gi's missions are available to players who have logged 10 game hours, have at least 5 million credits on account, have a good reputation with the Boron, are not an enemy of the Split or Paranid, and own at least one station. Rewards include the Player Headquarters, the unique M7 frigate class prototype ship the Hyperion, and the ability to build the new M3+ class of Heavy Fighters. The availability of these missions is not dependent on the main plot and saved games from previous versions are able to receive the new missions and mission rewards.

The game itself was relaunched as a budget PC DVD-ROM titled "X3 Reunion 2.0". The re-release has the 2.0 patch already applied, and contains no trace of StarForce Copy Protection.

On December 24, 2007 Egosoft released version 2.5 for "X3: Reunion". This added an uplink feature whereby players can upload game stats to the Egosoft website. The website displays many different achievements in leaderboards. The uplink feature was also added to "X2: The Threat."

The original version of "X3: Reunion" for Mac OS X used the "Cider" "wrapper" technology developed by Transgaming. On June 29, 2010, Virtual Programming issued a new version of the game that eschewed Cider. Virtual Programming CEO Mark Hinton was quoted as saying: "We weren't happy with X3: Reunion's performance when using Cider, and it turned out many of our customers weren't either. As a gesture of goodwill, we reengineered the game as a native port that's a free update for existing customers. Starting today, new X3: Reunion customers will receive the updated version of the game."

On August 16, 2010, the "X Superbox" was announced by Deep Silver and Egosoft, which includes all of the games from the X Series.

"X3" first showed at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in May 2005, where it received considerable praise for its visuals, described as "beautiful" (GameSpot), "all very stylish and sharp" (IGN), and "by far the most visually impressive game at the booth." (The Inquirer)

On release, the response was mixed. Some sources praised its vision, freedom and scope, but others complained of a buggy implementation, under-performance, and a steep learning curve.

PC Zone hailed it as "one of the few games that has the power to engage your imagination with pretty pictures, then actually live up to your imaginings when you get your hands on it". and GameZone gave it "Editor's Choice", calling it "a bona fide winner". However, GameSpy asked "How much slack can you give a game that in many ways manages to achieve [its] lofty goal, but buries it under a painfully incomplete implementation?". Reviewers complained of low frame rates, frequent crashes, and bugs that made it impossible to complete the game; "the game was simply unplayable out of the box". "[I]t's not that X3 is a bad game, or that it isn't fun - it just isn't done." Complaints were also made about its complicated interface, exacerbated by an unhelpful manual which references "features and options that aren't even in the final version".

On the review aggregator GameRankings, it has an average score of 75% based on 39 reviews. On Metacritic, the game has an average score of 71 out of 100, based on 32 reviews, indicating mixed or average reviews.

While post-release reviews consistently criticised "X3"s numerous bugs and poor performance, Egosoft's released series of patches and an improved manual addressed these issues mostly. ""Three patches on,"" Computer Gaming World's Matt Peckham wrote, ""something nigh-miraculous occurred: With doubled performance and many of the mission-busting bugs fixed, X3 evolved from a Byzantine hodgepodge to an actually accessible, massively multiform space sim. The bottom line: It's back on my hard drive, this time to stay"".

"X3: Reunion" was named around 2013 as one of the 1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die.




</doc>
<doc id="1955720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1955720" title="Silent Hill 2">
Silent Hill 2

Work on "Silent Hill 2" began in June 1999, soon after "Silent Hill" had been completed. Its narrative was inspired by the Russian novel "Crime and Punishment" (1866) by Fyodor Dostoevsky, and some of the influences on the game's artistic style include the work of film directors David Cronenberg, David Fincher, David Lynch, and Alfred Hitchcock; cultural references to history, films and literature can be found in the game. Psychological elements, such as the gradual disappearance of Mary's letter, the more humanoid monster designs, and symbolic holes, were incorporated into the game. 

"Silent Hill 2" received critical acclaim. Within the month of its release in North America, Japan, and Europe, over one million copies were sold, with the greatest number of sales in North America. It is often considered the greatest horror game ever made and among the greatest video games of all time, praised for its story, use of metaphors, symbolism, psychological horror and taboo topics, soundtrack, atmosphere, graphics, monster designs, and sound design. However, it received criticism for its controls despite their improvement over the previous game's. The game was followed by "Silent Hill 3" in 2003.

The objective of "Silent Hill 2" is to guide player character, James Sunderland, through the monster-filled town of Silent Hill as he searches for his deceased wife. The game features a third-person view, with various camera angles. The default control for "Silent Hill 2" has James moving in the direction that he is facing when the player tilts the analog stick upwards. "Silent Hill 2" does not use a heads-up display; to check James' health, location, and items, the player must enter the pause-game menu to review his status. Throughout the game, James collects maps, which can only be read if there is sufficient light or when his flashlight is on. He also updates relevant maps to reflect locked doors, clues, and obstructions, and writes down the content of all documents for future reference.

Much of the gameplay consists of navigating the town and finding keys or other items to bypass doors or other obstructions, with less focus on killing enemies. Occasionally puzzles will be presented, often with riddles left for the player to interpret. The difficulty levels of the enemies and the puzzles are determined independently by the player before starting the game. James keeps a radio with him, which alerts him to the presence of creatures by emitting static, allowing him to detect them even through the thick fog. He also tilts his head in the direction of a nearby item or monster. For combat, he finds three melee weapons and three firearms over the course of the game, with another two melee weapons unlocked during replays. "Health" restoratives and ammunition can be found throughout the game. 

While not focusing on the characters and plot threads of the first "Silent Hill" game, "Silent Hill 2" takes place in the series' namesake town, located in the northeastern United States. "Silent Hill 2" is set in another area of the town, and explores some of Silent Hill's backstory. The town draws upon the psyche of its visitors and ultimately forms alternative versions of the town, which differ depending on the character. The concept behind the town was "a small, rural town in America"; to make the setting more realistic, some buildings and rooms lack furnishings.

James Sunderland (Guy Cihi) comes to Silent Hill after apparently receiving a letter from his wife Mary (Monica Taylor Horgan), who died of an illness three years before. While exploring the town, he encounters Angela Orosco (Donna Burke), a teenage runaway searching for her mother; Eddie Dombrowski (David Schaufele), another teenage runaway; and Laura (Jacquelyn Brekenridge), an eight-year-old who befriended Mary and accuses James of not truly loving her. James searches a local park, where he meets Maria (Horgan), who strongly resembles Mary but has a much more aggressive personality. Maria claims that she has never met or seen Mary, and because she is frightened by the monsters, James allows her to follow him.

Following Laura to a hospital and searching for her there at Maria's insistence, James and Maria are ambushed by the monster Pyramid Head, and Maria is killed while James escapes. James resolves to search the hotel that he and Mary stayed at during their vacation. On the way, James finds Maria alive and unharmed in a locked room. She claims ignorance of their previous encounter and discusses elements of James' and Mary's past that only Mary would know. James sets off to find a way to free Maria but returns to find her dead again. Later on, he rescues Angela from a monster; she confesses that her father sexually abused her, and a newspaper clipping implies she killed him in self-defense before coming to Silent Hill. He also confronts Eddie, who admits to maiming a bully, and killing a dog, before fleeing to Silent Hill. When Eddie attacks him, James kills him in self-defense.

At the hotel, James locates a videotape which depicts him euthanizing his dying wife, and Mary's letter becomes a blank piece of paper. In another room, a final meeting with Angela sees her giving up on life, unable to cope with her trauma. She walks into a fire and is not seen again. Afterwards, James encounters two Pyramid Heads, along with Maria, who is killed again. James realizes that Pyramid Head was created because he needed someone to punish him, and all the monsters are manifestations of his psyche. The envelope from Mary disappears and both Pyramid Heads commit suicide. James heads to the hotel's rooftop; depending on choices made by the player throughout the game, he encounters either Mary or Maria disguised as her.

"Silent Hill 2" features six endings; Konami has kept their canonicity ambiguous. In "Leave", James has one last meeting with Mary, reads her letter, and leaves the town with Laura. "In Water" sees James commit suicide by driving his car off a cliff. The "Maria" ending sees Mary as the woman on the rooftop, who has not forgiven James for killing her; after her defeat, James dismisses her as a hallucination and then leaves the town with an alive Maria, who briefly coughs, suggesting she will become sick just as Mary did, and the cycle will repeat. The other three endings are only available in replay games, including "Rebirth", in which James plans to resurrect Mary using arcane objects collected throughout the game, and two joke endings: "Dog", where James discovers that a dog has been controlling all the events of the game, and "UFO", where James is abducted by extraterrestrials with the help of the first game's protagonist, Harry Mason.

"Born from a Wish" is a side-story scenario in the special editions and re-releases of the game in which the player takes control of Maria shortly before she and James meet at Silent Hill. After waking up in the town with a gun and contemplating suicide, she resolves to find someone. She eventually encounters a local mansion, where she hears the voice of its owner, Ernest Baldwin. Ernest refuses to let Maria into the room he is in and will only talk to her through its closed door. After Maria completes tasks for him, Ernest warns her about James, whom he describes as a "bad man". After Maria opens the door to Ernest's room and finds it empty, she leaves the mansion. At the conclusion of the scenario, Maria contemplates suicide once more, but ultimately resolves to find James.

Development of "Silent Hill 2" began in June 1999, directly after the completion of its predecessor. The game was created by Team Silent, a production group within Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. The story was conceived by CGI director Takayoshi Sato, who based it on Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel "Crime and Punishment" (1866), with individual members of the team collaborating on the actual scenario. The main writing was done by Hiroyuki Owaku and Sato, who provided the dialog for the female characters. Around the time "Silent Hill 2" was in production, the average budget for video game production has been estimated to be around US$7–10 million by Sato. The decision to produce a sequel to "Silent Hill" was partly a financial one, as it had been commercially successful, and partly a creative one, as the team had faced difficulties while working on the original game. The team was given a small window to settle on a platform. As it was unable to gather information on the then-unannounced GameCube and Xbox consoles, they began production of the game for the PlayStation 2. Producer Akihiro Imamura stated that the decision was also influenced by "a wish from the business section that we move rapidly on the PS2. You know, it is currently the market focus". Imamura read all comments about the original game and kept them in mind while working on "Silent Hill 2". He estimated that a total of fifty people worked on the game: while the creative team from the first game remained, they had to bring in thirty people from Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo. Developed at the same time, the PlayStation 2 version of "Silent Hill 2" and its Xbox port debuted at the March 2001 Tokyo Game Show to positive reactions.

"Silent Hill 2" shared the same atmosphere of psychological horror as the first "Silent Hill" game. As the developers already had a rough sense of the game's environment, they focused on its plot first, in contrast to the process used with the first game. The PlayStation 2 hardware allowed the developers to create improved fog and shadow special effects. For example, as a monster approaches the player character, its shadow cast on the wall by the flashlight grows. When dealing with the game's camera angles, the team struggled with a balance between those that stayed true to the creative vision and those that did not hamper gameplay. Psychological elements, such as the gradual disappearance of Mary's letter and symbolic holes, were incorporated into the game. The team wanted "Silent Hill 2"s protagonist to "reflect [the] evil," against which the protagonist of the first game battles.

For the game's artistic style, the team drew on a variety of influences: the work of film directors David Cronenberg, David Fincher, David Lynch and Alfred Hitchcock, along with films similar to the 1990 psychological thriller/horror film "Jacob's Ladder", and painters such as Francis Bacon, Rembrandt and Andrew Wyeth. Early in the project, they studied the 1996 video game "Tomb Raider"s creation of 3D environments. Other influences on the game included the 1992 survival horror video game "Alone in the Dark", the first "Silent Hill" game, and the Japanese comic "Whirr" by Morohashi. While working on the character designs, Sato and his team sketched human faces and various expressions. To gain a better sense of the characters' facial structures, they drew the characters' profiles from various angles, before creating wire-frame models, each consisting of six thousand polygons; they then completed the model with textures. Data for the character animation was taken through motion capture, and using Softimage, they animated the characters. Masahiro Ito designed the monsters in "Silent Hill 2"; "soured flesh" was the concept behind their appearance. The monsters were also to incorporate "an element of humanity". For the most part, the monsters reflect the protagonist's subconscious. For example, the monster Pyramid Head was based on the executioners of the town's fictional history and is intended to be a punisher for James. Two exceptions to this theme are the "Abstract Daddy", a reflection of Angela's subconscious and memories, and the "Creepers", which are also seen in the first game.

"Silent Hill 2" also incorporates some references to real-life events. In the original scenario, the developers designed Maria and James with dual personalities: Maria's other personality was "Mary", a reference to Mary Jane Kelly, Jack the Ripper's last victim, while James' was "Joseph", a reference to one of the Jack the Ripper suspects. Eddie Dombrowski's name was taken from actor Eddie Murphy during the beginning phases of production when Eddie was originally designed with a pleasantly optimistic personality. The name of Angela Orosco was derived from Angela Bennett, the name of the protagonist in the 1995 film "The Net", and Laura's from the 1970 novel "No Language But a Cry" by Richard D'Ambrosio. The developers satirized the perceived accessibility of guns in the United States by allowing James to find a handgun in a shopping cart. There are also indications that the layout of Silent Hill was based to a certain extent on the town of San Bruno, California.

Akira Yamaoka composed the music for "Silent Hill 2". At his home, Yamaoka took three days to write the music for "Theme of Laura", "Silent Hill 2"s main theme, by combining "a sad melody" and "a strong beat", although he does not consider the melody to be the "most important" element of a musical piece. He wanted the music to evoke emotions in the player. "Silent Hill 2" makes extensive use of sound effects ranging from screams to footsteps on broken glass. In charge of the game's fifty sound effects, Yamaoka wanted to surprise the player with different sounds and create an unsettling environment. He also incorporated occasional silence, commenting that "selecting moments of silence is another way of producing sound". 

Konami published "Silent Hill 2 Original Soundtrack" in Japan on October 3, 2001. Eight tracks ("Theme of Laura", "Null Moon", "Love Psalm", "True", "Promise", "Fermata in Mistic Air", "Laura Plays the Piano" and "Overdose Delusion") appeared in the 2006 PlayStation Portable release "The Silent Hill Experience". At the 2006 Play! A Video Game Symphony concert in Chicago, Illinois, Yamaoka performed music from the series, including "Theme of Laura", with a full-size orchestra.

"Silent Hill 2" was first released for the PlayStation 2 in North America on September 24, 2001, in Japan on September 27, 2001, and in Europe on November 23, 2001. The original European edition also included a second disc: a "Making-of" DVD video featuring trailers, an artwork gallery and a documentary on the game's development.

An extended version of the game was published for Xbox in North America on December 20, 2001, Japan on February 22, 2002, and Europe on October 14, 2002. Each region had a different subtitles for the game: in Japan, "Restless Dreams" in North America, and "Inner Fears" in Europe. This edition contained the short bonus scenario, "Born from a Wish" and other minor enhancements. This revised version was ported back to the PlayStation 2 and subtitled "Director's Cut" in Europe, but was not subtitled in North America, and was simply released under the "Greatest Hits" banner. Creature Labs ported this edition to Windows, which Konami released in December 2002. Added features in the PC version include the ability to quicksave and watch trailers for "Silent Hill 3".

In 2006, Konami re-released the extended version of "Silent Hill 2" with its indirect PS2 sequels, "Silent Hill 3" and "", in a bundle entitled "The Silent Hill Collection" in Europe and Japan. "Silent Hill HD Collection", a compilation of remastered high-definition editions of "Silent Hill 2" and "3", was released for the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 on March 20, 2012. It contains new voice actors for the characters of both games, along with the option in "Silent Hill 2" to listen to the original ones.

"Silent Hill 2" received critical acclaim, selling over one million copies in the month of its release in North America, Japan and Europe, with the most units sold in North America. Rating aggregation site Metacritic shows an average rating of 89 out of 100 for the PS2 version, 84 out of 100 for the Xbox version, and 70 out of 100 for the PC version.

"Silent Hill 2" received praise from video game journalists at the time of its release and in retrospect. Andy Greenwald of "Spin" magazine praised it as a frightening but "restrained" game. Jon Thompson of AllGame stated: ""Silent Hill 2" feels a bit rushed, and although it might not live up to the dizzying horror of the first game, it packs enough of its own punch to make it a worthy sequel." IGN's Doug Perry wrote: "It's frightening, deep, clever, and tries to improve the genre, if just a little, and in the end, that's all I really want in a survival horror game." Joe Fielder of GameSpot concluded, ""Silent Hill 2" is a much prettier, somewhat smarter but less a compelling game than the original." In "" (2010), Tristian Donovan described "Silent Hill 2" as the "high point" of the series. In a retrospective article on the survival horror genre, IGN writer Jim Sterling praised the game's plot as "one of the finest examples of narrative construction in gaming to this day". In another retrospective article on survival horror, fellow IGN writer Travis Fahs credited the game as a factor in the "short-lived period of renewed interest in horror games". Online game critic for "The Escapist Magazine" Ben "Yahtzee" Croshaw lists this game as among his top five favourite games of all time, praising it for its thick and unsettling atmosphere creating tension and fear for players. In his review of the game he commented, "Silent Hill 2 is the game I replay every now and again to remind myself that for all the shiny brown, quick-time event, RPG element space marines, gaming is still worth defending," and that "It's a fascinating voyage of pain and despair that leaves you emotionally drained and satisfied."

The graphics and atmosphere of "Silent Hill 2" were praised by reviewers, who highlighted the smooth transitions from computer-generated (CG) to in-game cutscenes and the sense of claustrophobia caused by the fog. On the other hand, Thompson felt that the grainy image effects and dense fog hid the details of the environment, while Fielder wrote that the exterior environments "rarely push the PlayStation 2's graphical capabilities". Character animation was considered realistic by reviewers, though James' animation in the CG sometimes appeared "marionette"-like, according to Perry. The voice acting garnered mixed responses from reviewers divided over whether it was well done with an improved script, or hampered by the script. Reviewers enjoyed the monster designs, although some found the monsters less frightening due to the abundance of ammunition, and being easily avoided. Reviewers found the camera, though improved, still difficult when battling monsters which hung from the ceiling—concerns echoed by reviewers of the PC version. The soundtrack and sound effects were considered by reviewers to be effective in creating suspense, though Thompson considered them sometimes "a bit forced and contrived". The puzzles were generally seen as not overly challenging by reviewers, though Thompson found them generally easy and GameSpy's David Hodgeson wrote that they were sometimes illogical. Less well-received was the combat, criticized for its lack of challenge and easily defeated monsters and bosses.

Reactions to the Xbox port were also positive. Reviewers have written that the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were mostly similar, except for the "Born from a Wish" side-scenario found in the Xbox version. "Eurogamer"s Kristan Reed called "Born from a Wish" "more like a demo than anything", while Fielder described it as "a commendable extra". Both felt that it could be completed in around an hour and did not add much to the game. The PC port, in contrast, received mixed reaction. Allen Rausch of GameSpy considered the PC port overall to be "[a] fantastic translation of Konami's stylish and scary survival-horror game". IGN's Ivan Sulic advised against playing the game with the keyboard, and rated the game "great". Conversely, Ron Dulin, another reviewer for GameSpot, wrote: "Not even the game's foggy atmosphere is thick enough to hide "Silent Hill 2"s problems."

"Silent Hill 2" is often considered to be among one of the best video games for its narrative. It ranked first on X-Play's list of the scariest games of all time in 2006. In 2009, IGN listed it as one of the five best horror video games created after 2000, and one of the twelve greatest PlayStation 2 games of all time. It ranked again in IGN's list of the top 100 PS2 games, and again in 2018, on IGN's list of the 100 greatest video games ever made. In a retrospective by "GamePro", it was the 26th best game for the PS2. In 2008, GamesRadar placed it on its list of the 15 best "videogame stories" ever, describing it as "a punishing tale not easily matched". In 2009, "Wired News" listed it as the 11th most influential game of the decade for its emphasis on psychological horror and exploration of taboo topics such as incest and domestic abuse, rather than gore. In 2012, a top video games of all-time list by G4 television network ranked the game in 85th place. That same year, the game's narrative was ranked first on GamesRadar's list of The Best Videogame Stories Ever. "Silent Hill 2" was listed as the number two top horror game of all time in the October 2014 issue of "Game Informer", and number eight on GameTrailers's Top Ten Twos list of the best second franchise games in 2015. 


</doc>
<doc id="1956221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1956221" title="NFL Blitz">
NFL Blitz

NFL Blitz is a series of American football themed video games originally released by Midway featuring National Football League (NFL) teams. It began as a 1997 arcade game "NFL Blitz" that was ported to home consoles and spawned a series of sequels. Rather than being designed as a realistic interpretation of the sport of football, like "Madden NFL" or "NFL 2K", the "Blitz" series was created as an over-the-top, exaggerated version of the sport, inspired by Midway's own "NBA Jam" basketball games.

In 2005, after losing the NFL license, Midway relaunched the "Blitz" series as "", depicting fictional players and teams in a fictional league with slightly more realistic (though still exaggerated) on-field play and a focus on the seedy behind-the-scenes lives of the players.

Following the dissolution of Midway, EA Sports acquired the rights to the "Blitz" name and relaunched the series on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live with a new entry in the series simply titled "NFL Blitz". The game took the series back to the original style of "Blitz", but removed the late hits due to input by the NFL.

The "Blitz" titles largely follow standard American football rules as outlined by the NFL, but with key differences to encourage faster and more aggressive play. In the original games, seven players are on the field per side (as opposed to eleven). Not only were there fewer players, but positions were flexible at best. Wide receivers could be known to run the ball and sometimes pass, and defensive players were all crosses between pass rushers and defensive backs. 2002 saw an increase to eight players and "NFL Blitz Pro" (released in 2003) increased to the full eleven.

Unlike the NFL, pass interference is allowed, as are late hits, showboating and excessive celebrations. There are no timeouts, but the clock stops after every play. Extra point attempts are claimed to be automatic, but there are rare misses. Field goals and Two-point conversions are played out as usual. Quarters have been shortened to two minutes (default setting) with a faster running timer than real time. For most releases, a first down would mean you would have to go 30 yards, instead of ten. Plays such as "Da Bomb" allowed for a quarterback to accurately throw the ball most of the length of the field at will and receivers could make impossible catches. On the other side, defensive players were able to leap up and swat (if not intercept) balls no other game could allow for or dive incredible lengths to make a stop.

From the beginning, one of the key changes in "Blitz" was the animations. Where other games had to keep normal tackling and stops, "Blitz" players were able to stop a play in a variety of unique ways. One of the most common was for a defensive player to grab his opponent and spin him around and fling him to the ground, sometimes giving them extra yards in the process. This violent and theatrical style allows the players to execute textbook professional wrestling moves such as the German suplex, elbow drop, and leg drop even after a tackle has been completed and the whistle blown. In addition, the team with the lead often receives kick-offs deeper in its own territory and are more likely to fumble or throw interceptions to help level the gameplay and encourage closer games.

The NFL, however, made Midway tame most of the more violent or insane aspects of the game as the license progressed. Subsequent releases stripped down "excessive celebrations" and late hits until the game was almost one of the sims to which it was originally opposed. However, the game still retained its over-the-top aspects including censored profanity done in a comical manner. Raiden and Shinnok, characters from the "Mortal Kombat" series, a series also developed by Midway, were unlockable characters in some versions.

The game was created by Midway Games and headed by lead artist, Sal DiVita and lead programmer, Mark Turmell.

The NFL paid little attention to the game's development until just before the launch. Upon watching a preview scrimmage by Turmell and DiVita, league representatives said they could not have the NFL associated with the game as it was then programmed. They said there was too much violence in the game and offered to refund Midway's license fee. Midway was eager to keep the NFL's endorsement of the game, so they compromised on some of the graphic violence and "late hits" in the game.

Beginning in 1997, Midway released a new entry in the series each year. However after the commercial failure of the more simulation-oriented "Blitz Pro", Midway did not release a "Blitz" in 2004 for the first time since the series began.

After losing the NFL license to Electronic Arts, Midway brought back the original "Blitz" style play with 2005's "". The celebrations and the violent aspects returned and were ramped up to levels that the NFL never allowed. In place of real NFL teams are fictional teams such as the New York Nightmare and the Minnesota Reapers. Although no current NFL players were featured, retired players Lawrence Taylor and Bill Romanowski were hired to lend their voices to and help promote the game. The game contains a significant amount of explicit content not seen in other entries of the series, such as the use of anabolic steroids and "juicing" injured players with what seems to be the equivalent of a cortisone shot. "Blitz: The League" also introduced an extensive story mode created with the help of one of the writers from ESPN's "Playmakers". As a result of the mature themes in the title, "The League" is the first and only professional football franchise to ever receive the "Mature" rating from the ESRB and was banned in Australia. A sequel, "" was released on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on October 13, 2008.

After Midway's bankruptcy filing in 2009, EA Sports, publisher of the popular NFL simulation series Madden NFL and the exclusive holder of the NFL's video game rights, acquired the rights to the NFL Blitz intellectual property, and on October 19, 2011, EA Sports announced NFL Blitz' return via a story with Electronic Gaming Monthly and the release of an announcement trailer. EA Sports intended the new NFL Blitz to be an "arcade" football experience, different from the simulation-oriented Madden series. The result was the 2012 title simply called "NFL Blitz".

Critical reception for "Blitz: The League" was mostly positive. Gamerankings.com gives the PlayStation 2 release a score of 75% and the Xbox release a score of 77%. GameSpot.com gave both PS2 and Xbox versions an 8.6/10.



</doc>
<doc id="1958962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1958962" title="Huxley (video game)">
Huxley (video game)

Huxley () was a multiplayer first-person shooter computer game with persistent player characters published by Webzen Games Inc.. It was being developed for Microsoft Windows. A Xbox 360 port was planned, but it has been put on an indeterminate hold. "Huxley" initially was going to be cross platform, but according to statements made at the 2009 E3 Expo press conference that feature is currently excluded from development. The contract to operate the game in China was sold to The9 for $35 million USD on February 12, 2007, considered the largest export transaction to date for a Korean-developed game.

A trailer for the game was released in 2007 as a special DVD used to demonstrate LG LCD TVs.

In June 2009 NHN USA released the first English Closed Beta Test via its free games portal ijji.com. The initial test had a small number of users and was carried out over a space of two weeks. Keys for the test were made available through ijji (Globally) and FilePlanet (USA and Canada).

The second Closed Beta Test was initiated in late-July 2009 and lasted until August 12. The second test allowed many more players to test the game. During the last two days of the test a high-volume stress test was carried out on to the servers where everyone with an ijji account was permitted to play the game during test hours.

In April 2010 Huxley was integrated with Hangame game portal and went into open beta on May 3.

In August 2010 an official message was posted on the North American Huxley forums at IJJI. Huxley for the North American region will now be self hosted by Webzen.

On December 30, 2010, the Korean service for "Huxley" was discontinued.

In the near future, Nuclearites bombarded the world. Destructive earthquakes, massive tsunami and dramatic climate changes wreak havoc around the globe, isolating continents and driving the human race into chaos. Those who survive the destruction dream of tranquillity, but an eruption among the human race and the appearance of horrible mutants drives the world into further disorder. Racism and oppression cause rebellious uprisings and war that divide the landscape between two powers: Sapiens and Alternative. At the heart of the war emerges a powerful energy source called the Lunarites. The Lunarites were created by Huxley, a scientist and possible saviour.

Both factions seek glory and victory, fighting mercilessly for the Lunarites and their very existence.

The story was thought to be based on the novel "Brave New World" by Aldous Huxley, hence the name, however Webzen has stated there are no tie-ins to the book's story saying it was just an inspiration.

The game's visual style is reminiscent of the "StarCraft" series of games, which are extremely popular in South Korea (where the developer is based).

The speed and style of "Huxley" is fast-paced and team oriented, combining gameplay from twitch shooters such as "Unreal Tournament" with the character advancement and large worlds seen in MMORPG's like "World of Warcraft". In a recent interview, "Huxley's" main producer Kijong Kang said that the cities in "Huxley" will be able to accommodate up to 5,000 (according to recent publications that number was increased to 10,000 since summer 2006) people, and the individual battles will support over a hundred players. However, due to major changes in the game's engine and budget, the number of battling players has been reduced to 64 players (32 against 32) at the most. This number may or may not increase once the game is released.

There are two main types of Player versus Player battles. These are called "Skirmishes" and "Battlefields". The skirmishes are small battles between two teams of 8 players on small to medium-sized maps. One player acts as the host player and can choose between a variety of settings and gametypes. The other players in the game then connect to the host and are separated into teams based on their character's faction. Battlefields are much larger scale battles with higher stakes and more players. In the "Open Frontier Test" of "Huxley", this mode supported 64 players, 32 of each faction. Battlefields generally take place on much larger maps, and have objectives that players need to capture, retrieve, gather, or defend. Because hosting 64 players on a player's PC would be incredibly difficult, the Battlefields are hosted by dedicated servers.

In the Player versus Environment portion of "Huxley", players can either play alone or group up with three others to kill AI-controlled monsters and complete quests. All fighting takes place in instance dungeons. There is also a town where players can meet up to talk, trade, shop, and form parties.

In the early part of the character advancement player system, players can shape their character in the style they like best. After that, players can then add depth to their characters. ‘Experiences’ and ‘Battle points’ are two elements of character advancement. ‘Experiences’ will affect the earlier part of character development and ‘Battle Points’ will affect the later part of a character’s development in a big way.

In the earlier part, by acquiring licenses, characters can have opportunities to use upgraded weapons and armor. In the later part of the game, players will concentrate on developing their characters to be more effective under any circumstance. One developer has stated, "We are planning to make the earlier part of character development relatively fast and the later part of development a bit slower but more abundant. This is because we decided that too much difference between characters abilities that affect combat result is not good for an FPS game."

Webzen has considered the fact that in most MMOGs the players at earlier levels have no chance of defeating those at the higher levels, and therefore they have adjusted the game to make skill more significant than long periods of playing the game and leveling up. Leveling up will give players advantages, such as more slots for upgrades and perhaps faster aiming, but a lower level player can still measure up to a higher one.

"Huxley" includes vehicles for both player-vs-player and player-vs-environment gameplay, as well as general transportation. Gameplay footage has shown several visually interesting SciFi vehicles, including an APC, an aircraft resembling "Unreal Tournament 2004"'s Raptor, a large energy based tank, and a small assault buggy. Vehicles are used in both combat and transportation.

Developer interviews have also stated that players can obtain motorcycles for personal transportation, and that they will mainly serve as status symbols for wealthy players and as a quicker mean of transportation through town.

"Huxley" has nine different types of weapons. Each class specializes in three weapons, and also has the option of using four weapons of the other classes, although with less proficiency.

There are also several different modifications of each type of weapon. These usually have minor tradeoffs like doing more damage with a lower fire rate, or being more accurate with less damage.

Some special weapon types start to appear for higher level classes. Notable ones of these are a splitting rocket launcher in which the rocket splits into two after a distance and an optical rifle which does a damage over time or slows the enemy. For the Enforcer they get special Flingers which have a longer distance of fire and will either stick to the wall or be able to be bounced off the wall. The Phantom gets Sniper rifles which have a chance to cause a devastating damage over time.

Abilities, or skills, can be used in battle to give a player to a tactical advantage. As a player levels up, they are rewarded with new and more powerful skills. The type of skills available to the player differs based on their class. Skills are used by being "equipped" to armour. The number of skills that can be equipped depends on the players level and the rank of the armour. This system is very similar in concept to "Call of Duty 4"'s perk system.

There are two types of skills, active and passive. Passive skills are skills that act as buffs, or skills that activate automatically when a certain condition is met, examples of this include health regeneration, and the ability to drop a flash grenade when low on health. Active skills are activated manually by hitting the assigned key.

In June 2008, NHN USA announced that it had secured the rights to distribute "Huxley" via its ijji portal.

In August 2010, NHN USA announced that they will be transferring the publishing duties of "Huxley: The Dystopia" to developer Webzen.

The soundtrack for "Huxley" was composed by Kevin Riepl. The score was recorded by the 80-piece Hollywood Studio Symphony at Warner Bros in March 2007.




</doc>
<doc id="1965591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1965591" title="Star Wars: Battlefront II (2005 video game)">
Star Wars: Battlefront II (2005 video game)

Star Wars: Battlefront II is a first- and third-person shooter video game based on the "Star Wars" film franchise. Developed by Pandemic Studios and published by LucasArts it is a sequel to 2004's "" and the second game in the . The game was released in PAL regions on October 31, 2005, on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable (PSP), Microsoft Windows, and Xbox platforms, and in North America on November 1 of the same year. It was released on the PlayStation Store on October 20, 2009, for download on the PSP. The PSP version was developed by Savage Entertainment.

The game features new vehicles, characters, game mechanics, maps, and missions compared to the original "Battlefront". Unlike its predecessor, "Battlefront II" features a more narrative-based campaign, retelling portions of the "Star Wars" story from the point of view of a veteran Imperial Stormtrooper, reminiscing about his tour of duty in service of both the Galactic Republic and as part of the Galactic Empire. Gameplay additions over "Battlefront" include the use of Jedi and Sith, additional game modes such as hero assault, and objective-based space battles.

"Battlefront II" was well received, with the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions scoring in the mid 80s at aggregators GameRankings and Metacritic. The PC version scored slightly lower at both sites, scoring a 76.60% at GameRankings and 78 at Metacritic. The PSP version was the worst received, scoring 70.93% at GameRankings and 69 at Metacritic. Reviewers generally praised the narrative-based story; however, some felt that the upgrades from the original were not enough to merit the price. Like the original game, it was a commercial success.

GameSpy Technology scheduled a shut-down across all titles using the service for May 31, 2014, which included "Star Wars: Battlefront II" for PC, PS2, and Xbox. Electronic Arts announced it would extend support for "Battlefront II" until June 30, 2014. The extended support ended on July 25, 2014, taking all GameSpy online video games across all platforms offline. The Windows version was added to a list of supported games on GameRanger on May 31, 2014, which allows for continued online play. On October 2, 2017, multiplayer for the Windows version was again enabled, allowing for Steam and GOG cross-play. As of April 26, 2018, "Battlefront II" is now backwards compatible on the Xbox One and has enhanced graphics for the Xbox One X. The DLC that originally came out exclusively for the original Xbox version of the game was released for the Xbox One version in June 2019.

"Battlefront II" is fundamentally similar to its predecessor, albeit with the addition of new gameplay mechanics. The general objective in most missions is to eliminate the enemy faction. Like its predecessor "Star Wars Battlefront", the game is split into two eras: the Clone Wars, with battles taking place between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems, and the Galactic Civil War, where battles between the Rebel Alliance and Galactic Empire take place. Players have the ability to choose between six classes during gameplay. Four class types are common to all factions; infantry, heavy weapon, sniper and engineer. In addition to the four standard classes, each faction has two unique classes which unlock by scoring a predetermined number of points. For the Rebellion faction, the Bothan Spy and the Wookiee; for the Empire, The Officer and The Dark Trooper; for the Republic, the Commander and the Jet Trooper; and for the CIS, the Magnaguard and the Droideka. "Battlefront II" also features heroes - a special class that allows the player to control iconic characters from the "Star Wars" universe. Heroes serve as a bonus to players, and are unlocked by meeting certain criteria, such as earning a certain number of points. Differences between "Battlefront II" and its predecessor include the ability to sprint and the ability to roll forward. In addition to utilizing heroes in conquest matches, the game also features a hero assault mode in which heroes are pitted against villains in a team deathmatch format.

Whereas "Star Wars: Battlefront"s campaign featured missions dependent on the chosen faction, "Battlefront II" contains only one campaign, called Rise of the Empire, which is found in every version of the game except the PlayStation Portable (PSP). This set of missions is presented as the narration from a veteran of the 501st Legion, beginning with an attack on the planet Mygeeto during the Clone Wars and ending with the assault on Hoth as depicted in "The Empire Strikes Back". There are a total of 18 missions, four of which are optional space missions.

The PSP version of "Battlefront II" does not feature the Rise of the Empire campaign. Instead it features three single-player Challenge modes: Imperial Enforcer, Rogue Assassin, and Rebel Raider. In Imperial Enforcer, the player is sent to eliminate indigenous species on several given planets, such as Gungans on Naboo and Ewoks on Endor. Rogue Assassin requires the player to eliminate all Imperial officers on a given sets of planets. Bonus points are awarded for any other kills. Finally, Rebel Raider tasks the player with locating specific objects in a map and returning them to a designated drop point, similar to Capture the flag.

Like its predecessor, "Battlefront II" includes Galactic Conquest. In this mode, the player commands a fleet throughout the galaxy conquering and protecting planets, much like a game of "Risk". When two opposing forces reach the same planet, the game switches to the traditional perspective, and the player must eliminate the enemy faction to gain control of that planet. Players gain credits for performing well which can be used to buy new character classes, a new fleet, or bonuses that provide additional support when attacking or defending a planet. While the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions allow cooperative and competitive battles in Galactic Conquest mode through splitscreen gameplay, the PC version does not.

In Instant Action players can choose from any of the game's 24 maps, as well as any available eras and modes. Four other modes are included in addition to the traditional Conquest mode that was found in "Star Wars: Battlefront"; Hunt mode, Capture the Flag (CTF), which is available in 1-flag and 2-flag variants, Hero Assault and Space Assault.

In Conquest mode, players are required to capture and hold strategic points on the map, known in the game as command posts. Players capture command posts by standing near one until its holograph transitions to blue, indicating it is held by their forces. Players can capture both enemy command posts, which are designated red, and neutral command posts, which are white. For enemy command posts, enemy units can continue to spawn in the area until the post is de-energized and turns white. When all command posts belong to a given team, a twenty-second timer begins in which the opposing team must de-energize a command post or they lose. Alternatively, if one team eliminates all opposing reinforcements, they win.

In Hunt mode, players take on the role of the species indigenous to the chosen planet, or of a faction opposed to that species. The object when playing as the indigenous species is to repel the opposition, or to eliminate the indigenous species if playing as the opposing faction. In 1-flag CTF, both teams attempt to take a common flag and capture it at the enemy's base. This mode is the only one available on ground maps as well as in space. 2-flag CTF tasks players with stealing the enemy's flag and returning it to their base for points.

In Hero Assault, players control iconic "Star Wars" characters which are divided into two teams, heroes and villains. The sole objective is to be the first team to reach the number of required points, with each kill granting one point. Space Assault allows players to control a starfighter in order to destroy critical systems on the enemy's capital ship or destroy other enemy starfighters for points. The systems of an enemy capital ship can be destroyed in a starfighter by firing at key areas of the ship. Alternatively, players can land in the enemy hangar and sabotage critical systems internally. The game ends when one team has reached the required number of total points.

The game is told as an autobiography, with an unknown veteran clone trooper recounting the many battles of the 501st Legion. The 501st begin as part of the large clone army of the Galactic Republic, with the game's tutorial covering the unit's first battle against the army of battle droids of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, during the Geonosis, the very first battle of the Clone Wars. The campaign then skips to the last battles of the war, .

The first one is the battle of Mygeeto, where Supreme Chancellor Palpatine of the Republic commands the 501st to destroy an advanced energy generator defended by Separatist forces. During the battle, the clones are led by Jedi Master Ki-Adi Mundi, who helps them significantly in succeeding with their mission. However, unknown to Ki-Adi Mundi or any other Jedi, Palpatine has ordered the legion to collect the remaining samples of the generator to help power his future space station, the Death Star. Meanwhile, the Separatists attack the Republic's capital, Coruscant, and capture Palpatine, resulting in a massive space battle above Coruscant. The 501st take part in the battle as well and are ordered to clear the way of Separatist forces for Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice Anakin Skywalker, who infiltrate the Separatists' capital ship and rescue Palpatine.

On Felucia, the 501st exterminate a small infestation of Acklays inhabiting the planet and fix an AT-TE that they have ambushed and severely damaged, before eliminating the CIS presence in the area, with help from Jedi Master Aayla Secura. Later, on the planet Kashyyyk, the Republic engage a huge CIS fleet in space, with the 501st helping clear a safe path for the Republic forces to land on the planet, although they lose many troopers during the battle. Planetside, the 501st help defend a vital Wookiee base from a numerically superior enemy army and, with the support of both the Wookiees and Jedi Master Yoda, the Separatists are defeated and the invasion is repelled.

In the final mission of the Clone Wars era, the 501st join the clone forces led by Obi-Wan Kenobi on the planet Utapau to help them with the attack on a major CIS stronghold. During the battle, the 501st encounter the Separatists' leader General Grievous, but they manage to chase him away and then take over the CIS base, while Obi-Wan battles and kills Grievous, assuring the Republic's victory. With Grievous dead, the Republic is very close to finally winning the Clone Wars and restoring peace to the galaxy. However, immediately after the victory on Utapau, the 501st return to Coruscant, where Palpatine orders the execution of Order 66. While numerous clone troopers betray and kill their Jedi generals across the galaxy, the 501st participate in the attack on the Jedi Temple on Coruscant, led by a new Sith Lord named Darth Vader, where they massacre all the remaining Jedi guarding their temple. With the Jedi Order finally wiped out, Palpatine takes over the galaxy and transforms the Republic into the first Galactic Empire, with him as the Emperor and ruling with an iron fist.

With this newly established Empire in power, the 501st become known as "Vader's Fist", Darth Vader's personal army, and, under their new commander, are assigned to various missions across the galaxy to strengthen the Empire's power. After forcing a regime change on Naboo by assassinating the Queen and several surviving Jedi Knights seeking protection, the 501st are entrusted by the Empire with destroying a droid-manufacturing facility on the planet Mustafar, which was reactivated by a Geonosian named Gizor Delso, who has betrayed the Empire and is now trying to build his own army to overthrow it. The 501st arrive on Mustafar and, after a space battle with Gizor's forces, they eventually land on the planet's surface and destroy the facility, while also killing Gizor and his entire legion of battle droids, completing their mission. Shortly after, upon learning that the Kaminoans have also betrayed the Empire and created a new batch of rogue clones, the 501st are ordered to destroy their cloning facility on Kamino. The 501st battle the altered clone army and once again succeed in their mission, destroying the facility and killing every remaining rogue clone, with the help of the bounty hunter Boba Fett. After this incident, the Empire stops producing clones and instead begins recruiting people from across the galaxy to strengthen their army, thus making the 501st one of the few remaining legions within the Empire made up entirely of clones.

With the Galactic Empire firmly established in the ashes of the Republic, the 501st receive orders to be stationed on the Death Star. During their watch a prison break is initiated and, although the 501st battle and kills most of the escaped prisoners, a small group of rebels manage to escape with some vital imperial plans. Tasked to recover the stolen plans, the 501st search a rebel base on Polis Massa, killing every Rebel standing in their way, but the plans are nowhere to be found. The search eventually leads the 501st to the "Tantive IV" rebel starship where, with the help of Darth Vader himself, the legion manages to either kill or capture everyone aboard, including the Rebel sympathizer Princess Leia. However, the plans are still transmitted and, despite the Empire's best efforts, eventually arrive into the hands of the Rebel Alliance, who then uses them to destroy the Death Star, killing many soldiers still stationed inside, including numerous members of the 501st.

The Empire retaliates to the destruction of their battle station by launching a massive attack on the Rebel Alliance's base on Yavin IV, with the 501st taking part in the battle as well, proud to finally avenge all their brothers who died on the Death Star. After a space battle with the Rebel Alliance's fleet, the 501st take the battle to the planet's surface, where they fight their way through the Rebel forces until reaching their base, which they seize and kill everyone inside, thus assuring the Empire's victory and severely weakening the Rebel Alliance. In the final mission of the game, the 501st are pressed into crushing the weakened Rebel Alliance, with the Empire having located their Echo Base on the planet Hoth. The 501st battle their way through the icy fields of the planet and eventually arrive and take over the Rebels' Echo Base, before destroying the last transports carrying what's left of the Rebel Alliance, once again with the significant help of Darth Vader. The Empire is victorious and the Rebels are finally defeated, with the clone narrator proudly proclaiming that the Rebellion is finished, although the game follows the plot of "The Empire Strikes Back" and the "Millennium Falcon" escapes from Hoth, meaning that there is still hope for the Rebel Alliance.

"Star Wars: Battlefront II" was announced on April 21, 2005, during Star Wars Celebration III held in Indianapolis, Indiana. Developer Pandemic Studios used their in-house engine, known as Zero to develop "Battlefront II". The engine was used in Pandemic's other two "Star Wars" titles, "" and the game's predecessor, "Star Wars: Battlefront". As with "Battlefront" Lua was utilized as the game's scripting language. "Battlefront II"s release date would be set to coincide with the DVD release of "", similar to how "Battlefront" coincided with the release of the original trilogy on DVD. An Xbox demo of "Battlefront II" was also included on the "Revenge of the Sith" extras DVD to further promote the game. LucasArts looked to the fans for inspiration for "Battlefront II", browsing forums and using other means to provide feedback for the sequel. Josh Resnick, founder of Pandemic Studios noted that it was difficult to get assets from "Revenge of the Sith" in order to build the related in-game assets. Peter Hirschmann, vice president of product development at LucasArts, detailed the immense efforts required to get the game to a playable state on the PlayStation Portable. "It was a huge 'pop the champagne' day if you got back one whole frame a second," he stated. LucasArts Engineers working on Indiana Jones and Star Wars development teams were brought in to help optimize game code.

Bob Bergen voices Luke Skywalker, having voice doubled for Mark Hamill in previous "Star Wars" games such as the "" series. Voice actor Corey Burton recorded lines for Count Dooku, a role he has played in other "Star Wars" games as well as the "" animated series. Obi-Wan Kenobi is portrayed by James Arnold Taylor, who played the role in the 2002 game "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" as well as the cartoon series. Scott Lawrence, known for his role as Sturgis Turner in the television series "JAG", also returns to voice Darth Vader, a role he has portrayed since the 1990s. Other veteran "Star Wars" voice actors such as Tom Kane, Steve Blum and T.C. Carson also provide voice overs. Temuera Morrison portrays his signature roles Boba Fett, Jango Fett and the game's clone trooper narrator, but does not provide the in-game clone chatter as he did in "Battlefront".

On February 15, 2006, Pandemic released a patch for the PC version, which included support for mods and general improvement to the game. Mod tools for the Windows version of the game were subsequently released on February 21, 2006. Included in the download were many of the game's assets, several tutorials, and the tools required to make content for the PC version of the game. A plugin for Softimage XSI included in the mod tools allows users to create new 3D models and animations for the game. The "Battlefront II" mod tools provide a wider range of capabilities to the end user than the original "Battlefront", allowing a user to create anything from user interface changes, to additional gameplay levels, to large-scale modifications. The original assets used to build the retail version of the game were shipped with the mod tool package that was released and allowed users to either modify an existing level or create an entirely new map from scratch. Subsequently, modifications have been created which expand the game further into the ""Star Wars" expanded universe", adding additional locales, characters, "Star Wars" eras, and fan-created stories.

On December 19, 2005, LucasArts released the first of two downloadable packages for the Xbox version of "Battlefront II". The free content added the Hero Assault mode to Kashyyyk. Another Xbox Live download was made available on January 31, 2006, which added two new hero characters, Kit Fisto and Asajj Ventress, as well as four maps from the original "Star Wars: Battlefront"; Yavin 4: Arena, Bespin: Cloud City, Rhen Var Harbor and Rhen Var Citadel. In addition, Hero Assault modes were also added to Coruscant, Mygeeto, and Naboo. It sold for USD $4.99. The downloadable content is no longer available as the original Xbox Live servers were shut down on April 15, 2010. In late March 2006, the game was added to the Backwards Compatibility List for the Xbox 360, and is now playable on both the original Xbox and the Xbox 360.

On May 4, 2014, it was announced that the "Star Wars: Battlefront II Online" servers hosted by GameSpy were closing down on May 31, 2014. The Windows version was added to a list of supported games on GameRanger on May 31, 2014, which allows for continued online play. On October 2, 2017 a patch for the Windows version of the game re-enabled multiplayer and added Steam and GOG cross-platform play; a second patch on January 3, 2018 had minor bug fixes and performance optimizations. A Disney spokesperson told "Polygon" that GOG was "handling the back end for the game’s online play, including the development of patches".
"Battlefront II" was well received overall. The highest aggregate scored was for the PlayStation 2, which holds an 84% at GameRankings and an 84/100 at Metacritic. The Xbox version ranked similarly, with 84% at GameRankings and 83/100 at Metacritic. The PC and PSP versions scored slightly lower, with a 75% and a 78/100 for the PC and the PSP a 71% and 69/100 at GameRankings and Metacritic, respectively. It placed sixth in overall sales for 2005, according to the NPD Group. The PlayStation Portable version sold over 500,000 copies. It was listed as the second most-played Xbox title in 2007, and placed third in 2008. In 2009 "Star Wars: Battlefront II" reclaimed second place once more. The PlayStation 2 version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom. The game's sales totaled 6 million copies by 2007.

"Battlefront II" was praised not only for having a much more engaging single-player storyline, but also for fixing many of the issues that plagued the original. Reviewers noted a slight improvement in the intelligence of AI units and praised new varied objectives to obtain victory. "PlayStation World" argued the strengthened single-player campaign was "unrelenting" and always a good challenge. Publications found the inclusion of space battles a welcome addition; however, GameSpot argued the addition of Jedi, though looking "good on paper", did not end up "feeling as epic" as expected.

Game Revolution argued if the multiplayer was taken away, even the new campaign was not enough to make "Battlefront II" worth the buy. IGN claimed the game suffers from problems remaining from the original "Battlefront", such as a lack of challenging AI characters in single player mode. Computer-controlled opponents and allies tend to run headlong into gunfire, wander off ledges, and walk into walls. IGN felt that these, along with redundant use of planets featured in previous "Star Wars" settings, were problems carried over from the original. "X-Play" hosts Adam Sessler and Morgan Webb gave the game a 4 out of 5, but criticized the online multiplayer.

Non-video game publications praised the quality of the game. "CiN Weekly" gave it a score of 92 out of 100 and stated "The improved single-player games are worthwhile enough on their own, but if you can find well connected online matches, multiplayer games will keep you addicted for months." "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave it a score of four stars out of five, saying, "Space conflict complements ground-based action beautifully and jumping into the cockpit of an X-wing or TIE fighter is thrilling." "Detroit Free Press" gave the Xbox version a score of three stars out of four and said "The graphics are pretty, the score divine, the story-driven single-player game is actually cinematic and engaging and the lag, while annoying at times online, has been greatly reduced from the original."


</doc>
<doc id="1972259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1972259" title="Dead Rising (video game)">
Dead Rising (video game)

Originally released for the Xbox 360 video game console on August 8, 2006, the game became a commercial success, leading it to being introduced as part of the Xbox 360 "Platinum Hits" lineup, while also spawning three sequels - "Dead Rising 2" in September 2010, "Dead Rising 3" in November 2013, and "Dead Rising 4" in December 2016. A remake of the game was made for the Wii, entitled "", and released in February 2009, with a mobile phone version also created. As part of its tenth anniversary, the game was re-released on September 13, 2016 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.

Players can operate the game in one of two modes. 72 Hour Mode is the main mode and the only one available to players to begin with, in which the main objective is to investigate the Willamette Parkview Mall within 3 days, before Frank can be rescued by helicopter, completing a series of "Case Files" - major missions that, when completed, advance the game's main story. If the player fails a Case File, the game does not end, allowing the player to merely explore the mall instead until the mode is up, though failure to comply to certain conditions (primarily associated with Case Files) will result in then earning a different ending. Completing all the Case Files by the time 72 Hour Mode is over, will unlock "Overtime Mode" which players automatically begin, where the main objective to complete has Frank given one more day to complete an additional set of objectives within the mall. The second mode, ∞ (Infinity) Mode, is unlocked after completing Overtime Mode and allows players to roam around the mall in sandbox mode without any time limit, with Frank merely trying to survive as long as possible.

To survive in all modes, players need to find and seek out weapons scattered around the mall that they can use against the zombies. Over 250 items are available to use in combat; they can be found anywhere, such as in stores, and fall under two categories, melee and ranged, with all ranging from the powerful, to the near-useless. The weapons and other items are firearms, sports equipment, children's toys, furniture, construction tools, electronic devices, and various bladed objects. Frank can carry only a limited number of weapons - baseball bats, 2x4 planks, hammers, pistols, shotguns, and so forth, though he can carry multiple versions of the same type. Also, he can use them only a limited number of times before he must find new ones, as melee weapons eventually deteriorate and break, while guns must be discarded when out of ammunition. Some weapons can be changed by the environment - frying pans can be heated on a stove both to increase damage and grant access to a special move - while others are large objects that Frank cannot store in his inventory and which he will drop if he picks up or switches to another item. Many of the less useful weapons exist purely for humorous effect. For example, the toy Megabuster, from Capcom's Mega Man, shoots tennis balls; traffic cones are simply put over a zombie's head, causing it to stumble about blindly.

Items other than weapons are available. Frank can try out various outfits from the mall's clothing stores - such as a Special Forces uniform, wrestling boots, a hockey mask and Mega Man X's armor. He can carry around certain books that can confer bonuses, such as increasing the durability of weapons. He can consume food and drink scavenged while exploring to recover health, or blend them together to make different "juices", which have temporary effects on the player. In Infinity Mode, players need to eat food to stay alive, as Frank's health drops every 100 seconds. They cannot access the supermarket within the mall, and food items are limited, but they can acquire weapons and food items from all characters; survivors are hostile to them in this mode.

"Dead Rising" incorporates an element of RPGs in the form of an experience system, in which completing various actions will reward Frank with "Prestige Points" (PP). While in both modes, killing large number of zombies can earn PP, so too can taking photographs. Any photograph that Frank takes in the game is automatically scored based on five "genres" - horror (zombies and graphic gore), outtakes (humorous events or scenes), erotica (photos of female survivors or zombies, particularly those focusing on the breasts and crotch), drama (dramatic events, such as the survivors' reactions while in the security room), or brutality (deaths of zombies and other characters) - with the score converted into PP. In addition to these actions, both 72 Hour Mode and Overtime Mode award PP for completing Case Files, and completing the optional task of rescuing survivors within the mall, and defeating "psychopaths" - boss characters who have either been driven insane by the zombie attacks, or are using the outbreak as cover for their own purposes. Once enough PP is earned, Frank will level up, resulting in upgrades to either attack power, running speed, throw distance, health, or to the number of items Frank can carry in his inventory, while new moves can also be unlocked, which boost his effectiveness with hand-to-hand combat. Any experience, levels, and unlocked moves earned in a playthrough will automatically be carried over into a new game should the player choose to restart, which can make subsequent playthroughs much easier.

An in-game HUD is provided, which displays information on Frank's health, his prestige level and the amount of PP progress he has made towards the next one, his inventory of weapons and their condition/amount of ammo left, a counter for the number of zombies the player has killed during a playthrough, and objective counters for both major and optional tasks, which consists of a bar that counts down the amount of time a player has to reach where the objective is located within the mall and complete it, before it is considered to be failed. Players also have access to a map to help them make their way around the mall and pinpoint where they must go in the main game mode, can receive calls on a transceiver about anything suspicious that Frank can investigate (he cannot jump, attack, switch weapons, or pick up/use any item when taking a call), and can view Frank's watch to determine what time it is; in-game time progresses faster than real time, with a day in the game taking two hours of real time, while the time of day also affects the behaviour of the zombies - during the day, they are sluggish and weak, but become more active, tougher, and more numerous at night. Players may save by using green couches or the mall's various restrooms, though the original Xbox 360 version allows only one game-in-progress save to be made per memory device and player profile; the save system is disabled for Infinity Mode. When Frank is killed, the player may reload from the last save or restart from the beginning.

Frank West, a photojournalist, sneaks into the town of Willamette, Colorado, to investigate why it has been sealed off by the National Guard. Discovering it is suffering from a zombie outbreak Frank informs his helicopter's pilot, Ed Deluca, to bring him onto the rooftop helipad of the town's shopping mall, requesting he returns for him in exactly 72 hours. Upon landing, Frank meets a mysterious man named Carlito Keyes who hints to the outbreak being far more than it seems. After witnessing a group of survivors fail to hold back zombies from entering via the mall's front entrance, Frank takes safety in the mall's security room with three other members of the group - Brad Garrison, a DHS agent, his rookie partner Jessie McCarney, and mall janitor Otis Washington, who welds the room's door shut. Seeking to continue his investigations, Brad leaves via an air duct. Following after him, Frank finds Jessie sneaking up behind him before he re-enters the mall, who after injuring her ankle, asks him to find Brad after he was spotted being pinned down in a gunfight. Although he agrees to help, Frank confronts Brad over what is going on after his attacker turns out to be Carlito. The DHS agent agrees to explain on the condition that Frank helps him to track down a scientist called Dr. Russell Barnaby, a man Frank had photographed before the barricade on the front entrance failed. Agreeing, the pair track down Dr. Barnaby to a barricaded bookstore, whereupon he refuses to leave without a secure escape route from the mall.

The next morning, Carlito captures Dr. Barnaby, and upon being spotted on the security room's monitors suspending him over a group of zombies, forces Brad and Frank to rescue the doctor, the former being wounded in the effort. While seeking medicine for Brad in from the supermarket pharmacy, Frank rescues a young woman from the store's crazed manager Steven Chapmen, who Frank is forced to kill in self-defense; afterwards, the woman runs off after Frank recognises her from earlier and attempts to question her. After tracking her down via the security room's monitors, the woman identifies herself as Isabella Keyes, Carlito's sister. Agreeing to arrange a meeting with Carlito, so Frank can learn the truth behind the outbreak, Isabella turns up at the rendezvous with a wounded shoulder, after her brother shot her out of anger. Taking her back to the security room, Isabella identifies Dr. Barnaby as the head of an American research laboratory in her hometown of Santa Cabeza, in Central America. Succumbing to the infection that caused the outbreak, Dr. Barnaby reveals that he was attempting to find the means to mass-produce cattle, but accidentally mutated a local wasp species, causing them to impregnate any victims of their stinging with parasitic larvae, killing their host and causing them to be "zombiefied" when one of these matured in the brainstem. A mutated wasp queen soon escaped the laboratory, turning the whole population of the town into zombies, effectively forcing the U.S. government to cover up the incident by sending in Special Forces to exterminate the zombies and any witnesses of their livestock research. Outraged upon learning about the massacre, Carlito released the mutant wasps in Willamette out of revenge, luring Dr. Barnaby to the mall via blackmail in order to kill him with the very zombies he had helped to create. After divulging the truth, the doctor soon becomes a zombie, biting Jessie before Brad kills him.

Isabella soon reveals that Carlito plans to cause a nationwide zombie pandemic, by setting off several charges of explosives in the maintenance tunnels beneath the mall, the resulting detonation propelling immature queen larvae into the stratosphere and across the United States. Frank quickly recovers the bombs and brings them outside into the open, where they explode harmlessly, while Brad pursues Carlito, injuring him in a fight, but unable to stop him escaping while succumbing to further injuries and eventually transforming into a zombie. Visiting Carlito's hideout, Frank and Isabella attempt to shut down a jamming device being used within his laptop, only to find they need the password for it. Finding Carlito being dragged away by the mall's now deranged butcher Larry Chiang, whom Frank defeats. Too gravely injured, Carlito passes on a locket to Frank for his sister, leading him to promise to expose the Santa Cabeza massacre to the world. After learning of her brother's death, Isabella figures out the password to Carlito's laptop through her locket, and shuts down the jammer. Jessie soon calls for help, only to learn that Special Forces are being sent in to cleanse the town. Frank soon catches up with her, finding she had succumbed to the infection and killed two guards sent to capture her, promptly killing her as a result, while finding a note from Otis stating that he hijacked a military helicopter and flew to safety with the survivors that had managed to be saved. After hiding out in Carlito's hideout, Isabella opts to remain at the mall, forcing Frank to head for his rendezvous with his extraction. As Ed arrives on time, a stowaway zombie attacks him, causing him to crash into the mall's central park. Slumping to his knees in defeat, Frank finds himself unable to do anything, as a group of zombies slowly approach him from behind.

Isabella comes to his rescue, saving him at the last moment. Passing out, he soon comes to in Carlito's hideout, whereupon Isabella tells him that he had been infected and has 24 hours before he becomes a zombie. Believing she may be able to manufacture a cure, Frank finds himself scavenging for the items she needs from the mall, in order to assemble a symptomatic treatment that can temporarily halt the development of the parasites. Before he leaves, the pair access Carlito's laptop and discover documents indicating that he has placed 50 similarly treated, larvae-infected children with foster parents across the country. While developing the treatment, the hideout's generator fails, forcing Frank to go to the clock tower in the mall's park to retrieve another one. While there, he discovers a tunnel filled with zombies and reports about this to Isabella, as she synthesizes an anti-zombie pheromone from the treatment's leftover ingredients. The two quickly make their escape from the mall, but find the other end of the tunnel guarded by the military. Overpowering the guards and stealing their jeep, the pair soon find themselves pursued by a tank, which Frank manages to disable using the jeep's mounted machine gun. Brock Mason, the leader of the Special Forces, soon emerges from the tank, and reveals that he led the original cleanup operation in Santa Cabeza. Just before he can aim the cannon towards the pair, the tank's auto-targeting mechanics activate and direct it towards an incoming horde of zombies, distracting Brock and allowing Frank to close in and defeat him in hand-to-hand combat.

An epilogue reveals that Frank and Isabella managed to escape Willamette, with Frank reporting on the incident, forcing the U.S. government to admit partial responsibility for the livestock research program and the Santa Cabeza incident, but blaming the Willamette outbreak on terrorists, while leaving Carlito's infected orphan plan to remain neither confirmed nor debunked.

Although completing all Case Files and Overtime Mode leads to the game's canonical ending, in terms of the game's lore, the player may encounter different endings in "Dead Rising", depending on certain actions that they perform, as listed below:


Much of the game's inspiration came from the zombie films of the 1960s and 1970s, especially from those by George A. Romero, though despite the similarities to the film, "Dawn of the Dead", Capcom asserted that the concept of "humans battling zombies in a shopping mall" is a "wholly unprotectible idea" under the present copyright laws. While the company wanted to have the game follow on from its other zombie-centered game series, its development team opted to design the game with a more comical view of zombies in the horror genre, particularly in the way that players interacted with the zombies in the game, allowing them to be able to do anything against them in terms of what weapons they could use against them, while they also based the mall upon the stereotypical design of American shopping malls. One particular area that was keenly worked on by the team was the number of zombies that could appear onscreen during the game in order to give the feel that it was a major outbreak; when "Electronic Gaming Monthly" reviewed the game, they reported that up to 800 zombies could appear on screen at once. As the development team consisted of members who had worked on Capcom's role-playing video game "", it helped greatly in incorporating one of the game's elements borrowed from it, towards the developing the mechanics structure of "Dead Rising" - the ability to roll over anything earned in terms of experience, levels and abilities, towards making a new playthrough, was implemented so that players would have a sense of responsibility for their decisions and actions.

After making changes to the beta of the game, a playable demo was released via the Xbox Live Marketplace on August 4, 2006, prior to its release over the next two months.

"Dead Rising Original Soundtrack" was released in Japan on March 30, 2007 in a 2,000-copy limited edition, bundled with a T-shirt. It was packaged with a T-shirt that showcased Frank, Isabella, and an outline of the mall. A non-limited edition of the same soundtrack was released on June 20, 2007.

Soon after "Dead Rising" was released in the United States, Capcom released nine downloadable "keys" to Xbox Live Marketplace that would unlock different lockers in the Security Room, providing the player with nine new outfit options, adding three more keys for players to download and use on May 31, 2007.

"Dead Rising" received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic, with most reviewers commending the "sandbox"-style of gameplay, the amount to explore within the mall, and the sheer number of ways to kill the thousands of zombies, with GameSpot stating it was "a great piece of entertainment", while two reviewers on Australian video game talk show "Good Game" gave the title a 6-7/10 score. However, general consensus amongst reviews was towards criticising the game's save system mechanic and the AI of the survivors; while IGN considered the game to be "one of the more unique and entertaining titles on the Xbox 360", its review notably indicated that improvements were needed with both the save system and NPCs, along with offering "a more forgiving story progression, and tighter controls". One point of contention in reviews was the operation of the game's transceiver, specifically on how persistent it is when ringing, how vulnerable Frank is while answering any calls on it, and how if the telephone call is somehow interrupted (such as being attacked), it would end abruptly and be repeated again when the player answers the transceiver a few seconds later and hears Frank being scolded by Otis for being rude; the use of the transceiver in the game led to numerous gamer-oriented webcomics and blogs parodying the use of it. Despite this, Capcom reported around 500,000 copies had been shipped out in the first month after its release, and one million copies worldwide by the end of 2006. It received a "Gold" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

One notable complaint that "Dead Rising" received, was from players who ran the game through either a standard-definition or small high-definition set, only to find themselves having difficulty reading the on-screen text, an issue caused due to Capcom deciding to develop the game exclusively for high-definition televisions, particularly as it had been touted as one of the first truly "next generation" titles available for the Xbox 360. In response to the complaints about the issue, a representative of the company posted the following on Xbox.com:

A week later, Capcom released a statement saying they would not be fixing the problem, and suggested some DIY solutions to resolve the issue.

Along with being ranked #2 in gaming magazine Gamesmaster's Top 50 of 2006, "Dead Rising" won several awards:


Because of the graphical nature of the violence portrayed in "Dead Rising", the BPjM in Germany felt that game fulfilled at least one of their indexing criteria, documenting that the title glorified violence. As a direct result, the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle, the board responsible for rating entertainment software for Germany, refused to rate the game, and effectively put a halt to Microsoft publishing a German version, as the company does not allow unrated games to be released for the Xbox 360, though the game was made available for import to players of a legal age. However, after a decision by Hamburg's county court in June 2007, it was prohibited within the country from late August 2007, making sales of the title illegal in Germany; anyone caught selling the game would be sentenced to imprisonment or a monetary penalty according to §131 of the German criminal code, with all copies confiscated by the German police.

The MKR Group, who holds the copyright to both the 1978 "Dawn of the Dead" film and its 2004 remake, sent letters on February 6, 2008 to Capcom, Microsoft, and Best Buy, claiming that "Dead Rising" infringes on the copyrights and trademarks of these films. In a complaint filed February 12, 2008, to seek an injunction that would pre-emptively counter an anticipated complaint from MKR, Capcom asserted that "humans battling zombies in a shopping mall" is a "wholly unprotectable idea" under today's copyright laws; Capcom further pointed to the warning "label" on the box cover as a preemptive measure that was intended to separate the game from the films and avoid any customer confusion.<ref name="Joystiq-02/14/08"></ref> The MKR Group subsequently filed a lawsuit in February 2008 after failing to reach an agreement with Capcom over the dispute.

The lawsuit was dismissed in October 2008, with United States Magistrate Judge Richard G. Seeborg stating that MKR failed to demonstrate the similarity of any protected element of "Dawn of the Dead" to that of "Dead Rising", with many of the elements MKR claimed were similar being part of the "wholly unprotectable concept of humans battling zombies in a mall during a zombie outbreak".

A remake of "Dead Rising" was released for the Wii in February 2009, titled "Dead Rising: Chop Till You Drop", and was developed by Capcom and published by THQ in Australia. Built upon the same engine used for the Wii version of "Resident Evil 4", which had been positively received by reviewers, the remake incorporated additional features to that of the Xbox 360 original, including the use of an over-the-shoulder camera approach and utilising the motion control system of the Wii Remote, yet lacked some of the features of the original, including showing large number of zombies on screen and the photography system. The Wii version ultimately earned mixed reviews, though was praised for having an improved aiming system to that of the original.

In 2008, Capcom Interactive Canada released a hand-held spin-off of the game for mobile phone, announcing on 4 October 2010 that an iOS version of the game was also announced. In this version, players have access to a new game mechanic in which they can call upon their friends via Twitter and Facebook to help revive them, with their refusal causing them to appear as a zombie within their friend's game, while complex operations in the game are performed through context-based buttons. Similar to Infinity Mode in the console version, the game features a hunger meter, with Frank now required to eat food within the mall in order to survive. The hand-held spin-off was generally well received by reviewers, earning a B+ from 1UP.com, and a 7.3/10 from IGN, with praise given for staying true to the sandbox design and plot of the Xbox 360 version, despite being pared down for the smaller screen and platform.

On 18 July 2016, Capcom announced that work was underway for a remastered version of the original "Dead Rising", alongside its sequel "Dead Rising 2" and its spin-off title, aiming for these to be released for the Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC, prior to the release of the fourth game in the series. These were released on 13 September that year, both separately and in a bundle pack, with the developers improving the game's graphics to high-definition and increasing the frame-rate.

Following the game's commercial success, plans were made to create a sequel, with it aimed to operate on multiple platforms. On 28 September 2010, "Dead Rising 2" was released for Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Microsoft Windows, and while it followed the basic setup of gameplay mechanics as the original, it featured a new character, a currency system, a weapon creation system that involved finding "Combo Cards" to know what to make, and online multiplayer modes, including zombie-killing minigames and two-player cooperative play, whilst also featuring improvements to address some of the negative feedback that "Dead Rising" received. Since its release, two downloadable episodes were released for the game - one a prologue set before the main story of "Dead Rising 2", the other taking place after it and featuring Frank West, who is also controllable in it - and a re-imagined version was released in October 2011, with a new story and Frank West being the main protagonist.

The game eventually spawned two more sequels, developed by Capcom's Canadian branch, Capcom Vancouver - "Dead Rising 3" was released on 22 November 2013 for Xbox One and on 5 September 2014 for Microsoft Windows, while "Dead Rising 4" was released on 6 December 2016.



</doc>
<doc id="1981163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1981163" title="Contract J.A.C.K.">
Contract J.A.C.K.

Contract J.A.C.K. is a prequel to the 2002 computer game "". It was developed by Monolith Productions and published by Sierra Entertainment, a subsidiary of Vivendi Universal Games. "J.A.C.K." (Just Another Contract Killer) is set in the time frame between the events of the original "" and "No One Lives Forever 2".

The game follows John Jack, a professional killer recruited by H.A.R.M., a criminal organization central to the No One Lives Forever series. Contract J.A.C.K. is set between "No One Lives Forever" and "No One Lives Forever 2". The game does not involve UNITY, the organization for which Cate Archer works and that opposed H.A.R.M. in the other two games. Rather, "J.A.C.K." pits H.A.R.M. against a rival criminal organization, Danger Danger.

After a night of heavy drinking, Jack is apprehended by thugs, who are ordered to kill him. Before they can, he breaks free from the ropes that tied him to a chair and slaughters the thugs that swarm the building. Before he can leave, he receives a phone call from Dimitrij Volkov, H.A.R.M.'s Director of Executive Action. Volkov tells Jack to report to a job interview at the Roman ruins on Malta. The interview consists of Jack mowing down waves of H.A.R.M. troopers as Volkov taunts them over a loudspeaker. In the end, Jack is hired by H.A.R.M.

For his first assignment, Jack must infiltrate a Czechoslovakian military base to figure out why Danger Danger is interested in it. Upon delving deeper into the base, Jack becomes aware that the facility is a secret rocket launch site. Danger Danger is trying to use a Czech rocket to recover Dr. Harij, a H.A.R.M. scientist stranded on the moon after the destruction of H.A.R.M.'s space station in "No One Lives Forever". Although Danger Danger is able to launch a rocket full of their men, Jack commandeers a second rocket and heads to the moon after them.

On the moon, Jack must fight through Danger Danger goons to get to Dr. Harij. Danger Danger reaches the scientist first, and they begin destroying the lunar base to prevent Jack from escaping. Jack reaches Danger Danger's rocket seconds before it lifts-off. The effects of the rocket's propulsion and the base's explosion send Jack floating through space on a collision course with the Sun. "Il Pazzo" (Italian for "The Crazy One"), leader of Danger Danger, begins dispatching men to kill Jack, but he fails, and Jack floats to the other rocket, which had been floating among the debris of the base.

Jack crashes his rocket into the Italian countryside of Tuscany. "Il Pazzo" is nearby with Dr. Harij, and he flees on a gondola. Jack steals a machine gun-equipped Vespa and pursues them. After killing hordes of "Il Pazzo's" men, Jack arrives at a castle where "Il Pazzo" is holed up with Dr. Harij. Using cannons positioned around the building, Jack kills the defenders. A long-distance battle ensues between Jack and "Il Pazzo". Jack wins, but is not able to kill Il Pazzo completely. After rescuing Dr. Harij, Jack is shot by Volkov and left to die. The game ends with Jack rising up and limping toward Volkov's skis. It is believed that the ending implied why Volkov is confined in a wheel chair and covered in a full-body plaster cast in "No One Lives Forever 2".

Contract J.A.C.K. uses the same Lithtech Jupiter engine as used in the base release of "", however, none of the upgrade paths that are available to boost abilities in the latter are present in J.A.C.K.

"Contract J.A.C.K." received mixed reviews with an aggregate score of 52.03% on GameRankings and 56/100 on Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="1982696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1982696" title="Evil Dead: Regeneration">
Evil Dead: Regeneration

Evil Dead: Regeneration is an action hack and slash video game developed by American studio Cranky Pants Games, published by THQ, and released for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It is based on "The Evil Dead" series. It is unconnected to the previous video game "". The game takes place in an alternate reality from the original trilogy, depicting what would have happened if Ash did not get sent back in time at the end of the film "Evil Dead II".

Ash Williams (voiced by Bruce Campbell) is locked away in an asylum for the criminally insane, as a result of the events that took place in "The Evil Dead" and "Evil Dead II". Convinced the world thinks he is crazy, the truth is much more nefarious. His doctor, Dr. Reinhard, somehow in possession of Professor Raymond Knowby's diary and the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis, plans on using the books to bring about his ascension to power. In the process he releases an army of Deadites on the unsuspecting world and it is Ash's job to stop the doctor and put the Deadites back where they belong.

The game begins in Sunny Meadows, the asylum Ash is committed to. Ash is briefly visited by his lawyer, Sally who mentions how she found Professor Knowby's diary and believes Ash's story about the Necronomicon and the cabin. Ash thanks Sally for her efforts and awkwardly flirts with her. Just after Sally leaves, Reinhard accidentally unleashes the dead through the Necronomicon. The evil also breaks Ash free in the process. Ash travels through the asylum killing deadites with a pistol he retrieved from a dead security guard. He eventually finds his clothing, his boomstick and his chainsaw in the process. As he goes through the asylum, Ash finds an electric deadite named Sparky. Ash kills Sparky and decapitates him. Ash briefly breaks the fourth wall, telling us that "Ash is back in business", and throws Sparky's head away. Ash proceeds through the nearby cellar. However, just as he is about to leave the asylum, Professor Knowby's spirit appears to Ash, telling him that Reinhard's plan requires the closing of several portals and how Sally is in danger for having the diary. Ash teams up with a diminutive victim of Reinhard, a half-dead man named Sam (voiced by Ted Raimi) who can return from any death (as he is half-Deadite, but isn't affected by the evil). His condition grants him many mystical skills.

Ash and Sam travel through to a cemetery and eventually find a portal in the nearby catacombs. However, guarding the portal is a large deadite queen. Ash kills the queen with Sam's help and Sam closes the portal. The evil spirit inside the queen goes into Ash, briefly making him a deadite. However, for some reason, Ash can now control when he can turn into "Evil Ash".

Ash and Sam go through the woods surrounding Sunny Meadows to find it infested with deadites as well. Ash finds a harpoon gun in a trash pile and modifies it onto his right hand. Ash and Sam, with the help of his harpoon gun, make their way into an abandoned mine where they find another portal. However, as soon as they get there a spirit possesses a miner. Ash and Sam kill the deadite miner and close the portal. Professor Knowby tells them that Reinhard has his diary finally and needs a human sacrifice. Ash believes that Sally is the one he intends to sacrifice. Ash and Sam follow a mine shaft towards nearby docks where another portal is believed to be located. Ash goes to another trash pile there and finds a high powered torpedo gun. The duo destroy a fish creature guarding the docks portal.

Ash and Sam make their way through a swamp, where they find a shack full of flammable materials and create a flamethrower. Ash and Sam make their way through the swamp to a nearby town called Port Turnham which is infested with Deadites. They make their way through the destroyed city and in the process Ash replaces his chainsaw with a newer one with a titanium blade. Ash and Sam find a portal in a nearby courthouse. However, Sam succumbs to fatigue and yawns while he is saying the incantation. The portal, instead of closing, sucks both of them into it. Once they are inside the portal Ash and Sam find themselves in a hellish dimension. Professor Knowby shows up telling them the only way out is to defeat Reinhard and rescue Sally. However, he begins talking about how Ash must save the world in which Ash becomes very angry and says he is only out to save Sally and maybe Sam.

Ash and Sam face many obstacles in the Deadite temple, but after much struggle they make their way to Reinhard's lair where he is just about to sacrifice Sally. Reinhard says how impressed he is with Ash. However, he apologizes that they had to come a long way to die. Rienhard uses the Necronomicon to turn himself into a troll-like Deadite. Ash and Sam kill Reinhard and Sam closes the portal. In a very romantic scene Ash says he came a long way and overcame great odds to apologize to Sally on the fashion advice he gave her back at Sunny Meadows. Just as he is leaning to kiss Sally, a spirit possesses her. Ash, overcome with rage, shoots the possessed Sally. However, just as he does this the portal reopens and sucks Ash and Sam into it along with the Necronomicon possibly sending them back in time, presumably to its own alternate version of Army of Darkness, thus ending the game.

The gameplay mostly consists of hack and slash with small conveniently placed puzzles. The player takes the role of Ash Williams as he fights off hordes of Deadites. The player can find different kinds of weapons in levels which find use in different situations. Early on in the game Ash receives his sidekick Sam who fights along with him in battle. Unlike other games where killing a friend ingame is taboo at best, Sam actually comically dies many times in the game. The player can kick Sam into openings to open doors or onto enemies to pop their heads off. The player can also possess Sam to get through small openings; the purpose is to open a door or a switch. At times, Sam is controlled by the computer and destroys adversaries without assistance. Sometimes enemies will need a 'finishing move' (pressing a specific button) in order to completely destroy them.

In contrast with previous games, the game automatically gives the player unlimited ammunition for his weapons and unlimited gas to his chainsaw. A new gameplay element is rage mode. When the player kills enough enemies it fills up his rage meter. When the rage meter is filled up to a decent amount it allows Ash to go into "rage mode". Rage mode transforms Ash into a powerful deadite killing machine. It instantly doubles all of Ash's weapon damage and makes him lose health slower.

"Evil Dead: Regeneration" received "average" reviews on all platforms, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Adam Dodd of Bloody Disgusting wrote that it is "probably the best full-scope console game out there in terms of mechanics" but criticized it for its "addition of an obnoxious sidekick and way too many tedious escort missions".



</doc>
<doc id="1983042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1983042" title="Outlaw Golf">
Outlaw Golf

Outlaw Golf is a series of golf video games developed by Hypnotix, that are intended for adults and mature teens. "Outlaw Golf" was released for the Xbox on June 10, 2002; for Nintendo GameCube on October 29, 2002; and for Microsoft Windows on September 30, 2003. A standalone expansion, "Outlaw Golf: Holiday Golf" was released December 23, 2002. A second standalone expansion, "Outlaw Golf: 9 More Holes of X-Mas", was released November 15, 2003. An official sequel, "Outlaw Golf 2", was released for Xbox on October 21, 2004 and for PlayStation 2 on November 25, 2004. The games are part of the "Outlaw" series, and other titles include "Outlaw Volleyball" and "Outlaw Tennis".

"Outlaw Golf" supports single player and multiplayer with 1-4 players, and "Outlaw Golf 2" supports single player, online and offline multiplayer with 1-4 players. Players take control one of several characters, each with their own unique caddy. The series is noted for its crude humor, particularly in regard to the characters, most of whom fall under an exaggerated archetype. These include a stripper, a hippie, a biker, and more. Unique to the series is the Composure Meter. As players do well, the player character's composure meeting increases. The maximum distance rating for each club increases or decreases in relation to the player character's composure. This is designed to simulate frustration: the more shots missed, the more frustrated the player character gets, and the worse they perform. In order to counteract this, the player character can beat or humiliate their caddy in some way, which raises the composure meter back up. Hitting a perfect shot results in the ball bursting into flames as it travels, the flames extinguishing when the turn is over. "Outlaw Golf 2" includes new courses and additional golfers and caddies.

Actor and comedian Steve Carell provides the commentator track for the original "Outlaw Golf", and comedian Dave Attell takes over announcing duties in "Outlaw Golf 2".
The GameCube and Xbox versions of "Outlaw Golf" received "average" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

The sequel received "mixed or average reviews" on both platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="1983945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1983945" title="Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney">
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney

Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney is a visual novel adventure video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 4 and published by Capcom. It was released in 2001 for the Game Boy Advance in Japan and has been ported to multiple platforms. The 2005 Nintendo DS version, titled "Gyakuten Saiban Yomigaeru Gyakuten" in Japan, introduced an English language option, and was the first time the game was released in North America and Europe. It is the first entry in the "Ace Attorney" series; several sequels and spin-offs were produced, while this game has seen further ports and remasters for computers, game consoles, and mobile devices.

The story follows Phoenix Wright, a rookie defense attorney who attempts to have his clients declared "not guilty". Among other characters are Phoenix's boss, Mia Fey; his assistant and Mia's sister, Maya; and prosecutor Miles Edgeworth. The player controls Phoenix through two sets of sections: investigations and courtroom trials. During investigations they gather information and evidence. During trials they cross-examine witnesses, and answer questions from the judge, the prosecutor, and the witnesses. The story is split into five cases. The fifth was introduced in the Nintendo DS version to take advantage of gameplay elements using the handheld's touchscreen not available in the original Game Boy Advance version.

A team of seven developed the game over the course of ten months. Written and directed by Shu Takumi, it was originally planned as a Game Boy Color game about a private investigator. The game was designed to be simple; Takumi wanted it easy enough that even his mother could play. While the original version of the game takes place in Japan, the localization is set in the United States; this became an issue when localizing later games, where the Japanese setting was more obvious.

For the most part the game has been positively received by critics who praised its premise, writing, characters and presentation. The game has been a commercial success both in Japan and internationally. The North American release sold better than expected and was hard to find in stores shortly after its release. Other media based on the game have been produced. It has been credited with helping to popularise visual novels in the Western world. A manga series premiered in 2006, a film adaptation of the game, titled "Ace Attorney", premiered in 2012, and an anime series adaptation began airing in 2016.

"Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney" is a visual novel adventure game where the player takes the role of Phoenix Wright, a rookie defense attorney, and attempts to defend their clients in five cases. These cases are played in a specific order. After finishing them, the player can re-play them in any order. Each case begins with an opening cinematic cutscene showing a murder; shortly thereafter, the player is given the job of defending the prime suspect in the case. The gameplay is divided into two sections, investigations and courtroom trials.

During investigations, which usually take place before or between trial sessions, the player gathers information and evidence by talking to characters such as their client, witnesses, and the police. The player can move a cursor to examine various things in the environment. By using a menu the player can move to different locations, examine evidence, and present evidence to other characters. By showing certain pieces of evidence to some witnesses, the player can access new information.

In the game's fifth case, created for the DS version and used in all subsequent releases, the player is able to examine evidence more closely, rotating it to view it from all sides, and zooming in or out on it using touchscreen controls; they are also able to move a cursor to investigate specific parts of the evidence. The fifth case also features forensics tests the player can use at crime scenes to find clues. The player can spray luminol by tapping areas they want to examine on the touch screen allowing them to see otherwise invisible blood stains. They can touch the touch screen to apply aluminum flake powder to search for finger prints. After applying it, they can blow into the microphone to reveal the prints. Once the player has gathered enough evidence, the investigation section ends.

During the courtroom trials, the player aims to prove their clients' innocence; to do so, they cross-examine witnesses. During these cross-examinations, the player aims to uncover lies and inconsistencies in the witnesses' testimony. They are able to go back and forth between the different statements in the testimony and can press the witness for more details about a statement. When the player finds an inconsistency, they can present a piece of evidence that contradicts the statement. In the Nintendo DS version, the player can choose to press and present by using vocal commands. In the Wii version, players have the option to present evidence by swinging the Wii Remote. At certain points, the player has to answer questions from the judge, the witnesses, or the prosecutor through a multiple-choice answer selection, or by presenting evidence that supports Wright's claims. A number of exclamation marks are shown on the screen; if the player presents an incorrect piece of evidence, one of them disappears. If they all disappear, the client is found guilty and the player must restart. When the player solves a case, they unlock a new one to play.

Phoenix Wright, a newly hired defense attorney at the Fey & Co. law firm, agrees to represent his childhood friend Larry Butz, who has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend, Cindy Stone. With the help of his boss and mentor, Mia Fey, Phoenix proves that Frank Sahwit, the prosecution's star witness, is the real murderer.

Shortly thereafter, Mia is killed in her office. Her younger sister Maya is arrested after the police find her name on a note left by Mia. Phoenix takes her case, facing off against Miles Edgeworth, a skilled prosecutor. Phoenix manages to identify Redd White, a professional blackmailer, as the real killer, only to find himself charged with the killing instead. Representing himself, he exposes White in court and gets justice for Mia. In gratitude, Maya becomes Phoenix's assistant.

His reputation established, Phoenix takes on another case, this time defending Will Powers, the lead actor in a children's TV show, against accusations that he killed his co-star, Jack Hammer. It is revealed that Dee Vasquez, the show's producer, committed the murder in self-defense after Hammer tried to kill her and frame Powers for her death.

On Christmas Eve, Edgeworth is arrested for the murder of attorney Robert Hammond. After relenting for Phoenix's help after an initial refusal, Wright faces Edgeworth's mentor Manfred von Karma, who has appointed himself as special prosecutor. Phoenix discovers that Yanni Yogi shot Hammond while Karma provided Yogi with the gun. Years earlier, Edgeworth's father Gregory ruined Von Karma's spotless record when he convinced a judge to penalize Karma for misconduct. Unable to deal with such a blemish on his legacy, Karma murdered Gregory in cold blood, leaving Miles to believe he himself was responsible, while Yogi was publicly blamed and convinced by Hammond, his attorney, to fake insanity. After Karma suffers a breakdown in court and confesses to the cover-up, Edgeworth is set free. Following the trial, Phoenix explains that Edgeworth motivated him to become an attorney after he was accused of stealing money from Edgeworth. In the past, Edgeworth persuaded his teacher not to punish Phoenix. However, Edgeworth decided to become Karma's pupil following his father's murder after being motivated by his hatred of criminals. After the case, it was revealed that Larry was the true culprit of the theft. Nevertheless, Edgeworth decides to rethink whether or not he should resume his previous duties. Meanwhile, Maya announces that she will be returning to her home village to finish her spirit medium training.

In a fifth and final case added for the Nintendo DS and subsequent releases, Phoenix is hired by teenager Ema Skye to defend her sister Lana, the head of the prosecutor's office. Skye is accused of murdering detective Bruce Goodman, who was found in the trunk of Edgeworth's car. Together with Ema, Phoenix traces the origins of the murder to an incident two years prior, when a serial killer allegedly murdered Edgeworth's predecessor while trying to escape custody. Damon Gant, a senior police captain, accidentally admits that he framed Ema for the murder in order to manipulate Lana to do his bidding. Though Lana is cleared of murder charges, she agrees to resign her post to face judgement for protecting Gant. With Ema being sent to Europe to continue training as a forensic investigator, Phoenix looks forward to continuing his career defending the innocent.

It took a team of seven people ten months to develop "Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney". It was directed by Shu Takumi and produced by Atsushi Inaba, with music by Masakazu Sugimori. Kumiko Suekane designed the characters, with art by Tatsuro Iwamoto. In 2000, after Takumi had finished his work on "Dino Crisis 2", his boss, Shinji Mikami, gave him six months to create any type of game he wanted. Takumi had originally joined Capcom wanting to make mystery and adventure games and felt this was a big chance to make his mark as a creator. Takumi said that he initially received criticism for "Ace Attorney"'s concept for its relation to law and a perceived requirement of legal knowledge, but he said that the main point of "Ace Attorney" was the "fun from solving puzzles and...calling witnesses out in their lies and evidence."

At first, the game was planned to be released for the Game Boy Color, but after the development team saw the Game Boy Advance system's screen and footage of "Mega Man Battle Network", Takumi felt it would be perfect for "Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney". The game was designed to be simple, as Takumi wanted it to be easy enough for even his mother to play. As it was less common at the time to use professional voice actors, the development team provided the game's voice clips; each staff member recorded every sample needed for the game, and then the best ones were used. Takumi used his privilege as the director to cast himself as Phoenix, however, while Sugimori voiced von Karma and Iwamoto voiced Edgeworth.

The game was originally going to be a detective game, with Phoenix as a private investigator who finds a body at his client's office and is arrested. As the lawyer who is assigned to his case is useless, Phoenix takes up his own defense. One staff member suggested that Phoenix should be a hamster; while this didn't happen, this early version of Phoenix did have a pet hamster. It was decided early during development to refer to the game as "Surviban: Attorney Detective Naruhodo-kun", with "surviban" being a portmanteau of "survival" and the Japanese word . Among other names considered were "Boogie-Woogie Innocence" and "Bingo Bengo", with "bingo" referring to answering correctly and being Japanese for legal representation. Takumi soon realized that finding and taking apart contradictions was not related to detective work. He felt the main setting of the game should be courtrooms. At one point the game was in danger of being cancelled when two staff members left the company, but Takumi's division leader and Inaba enlisted a member of the "Resident Evil" development team to help them part-time.

Takumi cited Japanese mystery author Edogawa Ranpo as an inspiration, particularly "The Psychological Test", a short story which involves a crime that "unravels due to the criminal's contradictory testimony." It had a big impact on him, and was a major influence on the game. He was also inspired by stories from another Japanese author, Shinichi Hoshi, stating that he was pursuing his "element of surprise and unexpectedness."

Takumi felt the best way to write a mystery with a good climax is to reveal various clues, then pull them together into one conclusion, and not have multiple possible endings. He said the biggest challenge with this is making the gameplay and story work together. The goal is to make the player feel they have driven the story forward themselves, with their own choices, even though the game is linear. While writing the episodes, Takumi ranked the importance of each. The first episode was the most important, to make sure the player likes the game; the second episode was the second most important, to solidify the player's interest, and the finale was the third most important. In general, each scenario was finished before anything else was done. Then characters were designed based on the scenarios, and Takumi adjusted the dialogue as needed to make sure it fit the designs. At this point, the scenes that were to have specific cut-in illustrations made for them were decided. Takumi drew rough sketches of them and also drew the storyboards for the episodes' openings, which consisted of a series of detailed drawings showing what is happening.

In Takumi's first draft of the story, the second episode, "Turnabout Sisters", was the first episode of the game. The development team decided because of its length, among other factors, it did not work well easing players into the game. As a result, he wrote a shorter episode, "The First Turnabout", which was used as the game's first episode. He wanted players to focus on the thrill of "nailing the culprit", especially for the first episode. For this reason, the culprit in the first episode is shown in its opening. This was the most direct way Takumi could think of doing it. Takumi said it was a challenge to write the episode. In addition to keeping it short, he had to set up the world of "Ace Attorney" and the types of characters players would meet. The third episode was written for the sake of the character Miles Edgeworth, and the theme of the fourth episode was "rekindling the relationship". In it, Takumi tried to portray an intensively strong friendship between Phoenix and Edgeworth. He did wonder if that was what people got from it, saying that some people interpreted the bond between Phoenix and Edgeworth as "intensively passionate". Because of these two episodes, Takumi considered Edgeworth to be the game's protagonist in a way. The classroom trial in the game's fourth episode is based on real events: when Takumi was in second grade, he had found a 5 yen coin and put it in his pocket; his teacher accused him of stealing it from another student and made him apologize to her.

Takumi spent little time writing a backstory for Phoenix before writing the game's story, and instead made up dialogue and developed Phoenix's personality as he went along. He said Phoenix is himself in everything but name, with dialogue similar to what Takumi would have said in each situation in the games. He attributed this to being a first-time writer who did not think about developing characterization before writing the story. Takumi did not write a backstory for Dick Gumshoe. His character and personality just "fell into place" after Takumi decided the character would end his sentences with "pal". Other aspects of the character came about organically as he wrote the story. For instance, at one point Edgeworth says he will cut Gumshoe's salary; this became part of Gumshoe's backstory. Takumi came up with the partner character Maya thinking it would be more fun for players to have another character with them, providing advice, rather than investigating on their own. Originally, she was going to be a lawyer-in-training, preparing to take the bar exam.

Larry Butz, the game's first defendant, was particularly difficult for Takumi to write. He re-wrote the character several times. Originally, he was going to be an "average Joe" type of character, who only appeared in the game's fourth episode. After his inclusion in the first episode, however, Suekane and Iwamoto told Takumi to give the character "some oomph". Takumi then wrote him as a "prickly tough-guy" who had the habit of telling people he was going to kill them. Some of the higher-ups at Capcom did not like this, so Takumi changed him to a character who laments his lot in life, saying "I'm going to die!" or that the situation is killing him. The third episode's culprit was originally going to be male, until Suekane pointed out that all the game's villains were men. The development team debated what to do with the now female character. Some staff members thought it would be odd to have a female character be the director of an action show, and some wondered what to do with the director role if she could not fill it. In the end, Takumi changed the scriptwriter character to a director, and made the culprit a "strong, glamorous, fashionable, and cool-headed" producer.

The game's fifth episode, "Rise from the Ashes", was not included in the original version of the game; it was created four years later as part of the Nintendo DS version of the game. Minae Matsukawa produced the fifth episode, under supervision of Inaba and Mikami. Naoto Tanaka composed new music pieces for "Rise from the Ashes". The idea to include the use of the Nintendo DS system's microphone came from American Capcom staff members. The Japanese staff did not like the idea of adding unnecessary features, but Takumi thought it was important to make the American audience happy, so it was included as an optional feature. "Rise from the Ashes" utilizes technical improvements from the Nintendo DS that weren't possible in the original game.

The original version of the game was released for the Game Boy Advance in Japan on October 12, 2001. The Nintendo DS port, which was titled , was released in Japan on September 15, 2005, and included a new episode and an English language option. The hope was the English language option would be a selling point in Japan, and that Japanese people studying English would play the game. North American and European releases followed on October 11, 2005, and March 31, 2006, respectively. A PC port of the Game Boy Advance version, developed by Daletto, was released in Japan in an episodic format, beginning on March 18, 2008. "Yomigaeru Gyakuten" was later released on Wii via WiiWare in Japan on December 15, 2009, in North America on January 11, 2010, and in Europe on January 15, 2010. The fifth episode was released separately on WiiWare, on March 16, 2010, in Japan, in May 2010 in Europe, and on May 24, 2010, in North America. An iOS version of "Yomigaeru Gyakuten" was released in Japan on December 21, 2009, and in the West on May 24, 2010.

A high-definition version of the first three "Ace Attorney" games, "Ace Attorney: Phoenix Wright Trilogy HD", was released for iOS and Android in Japan on February 7, 2012, and for iOS in the West on May 30, 2013. Another collection of the first three games, "Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy", was released for the Nintendo 3DS in Japan on April 17, 2014, in North America on December 9, 2014, and in Europe on December 11, 2014. It was also released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on February 21, 2019 in Japan, and on April 9, 2019 internationally; a Microsoft Windows version was released internationally on the same date.

The localization of the game was outsourced to Bowne Global, and handled by writer Alexander O. Smith, who was unfamiliar with the "Ace Attorney" series before working on it, and editor Steve Anderson. While the Japanese version of the game takes place in Japan, the localized version is set in the United States. Normally the setting would be left vague while cultural differences the target audience would not understand would be adapted. Because one of the episodes involves time zones, however, they had to specify where the game takes place and chose the United States without thinking a lot about it. This became an issue in later games, where the Japanese setting was more obvious. Bowne Global staff handled all the voice roles in the localized version; Takumi had wanted to do the English voice for Phoenix, but Ben Judd handled it.

Smith faced several problems related to the game's use of puns. In the Japanese version, each character has a name that relies on Japanese wordplay. While Smith and Anderson had a lot of freedom when it came to localizing the names of minor characters, they had to discuss the names of the main cast with Capcom. Smith came up with a list of first and last names for Phoenix. The first suggestion was "Roger Wright"; "Phoenix" was also on the list, but further down. Smith felt that "Wright" had to be the character's surname, because Phoenix's surname in the Japanese version—""Naruhodō"", meaning "I see" or "I understand"—was used many times in the game's text as a joke. The reason for the suggested first name "Roger" was alliteration; and "Roger" was a good source for jokes. A staff member of the development team, however, thought that "Roger Wright" was too similar to "Roger Rabbit". Other suggested first names included "Pierce", "Xavier", "Marcus", and "Zane". In the end, "Phoenix" was chosen for its heroic sound.

As the game's dialogue consists of a lot of wordplay and misunderstandings, Smith would analyze scenes before writing them: he would determine what the scenes were trying to accomplish, and where their beats were. After he had the structure of a scene in his head, he would write it. At times he was able to make use of the original Japanese dialogue, but most of the time he had to come up with new ideas himself. At several points, the English wordplay was inspired by the wordplay in the Japanese version. At others it was not possible to have wordplay in the same places as in the Japanese version, so Smith would change the structure of the scene slightly. Sometimes Smith came up with a joke or funny line and changed the scene to make the joke work. About half the jokes were rewritten based on the characters present in the scene, rather than using translations of the Japanese jokes.

Most versions of the game have received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregator Metacritic, with aggregate scores ranging from the high 70s to the low 80s out of 100; an exception is the Wii version, which holds an aggregate score of 67/100, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

"Famitsu" praised the idea of making a game based around trials. They felt this was innovative, and found it exhilarating and fun to uncover witnesses' lies. Michael Cole of "Nintendo World Report" said the game's design and interface would make it a good choice for non-gamers as well. Craig Harris of IGN felt the main issues with the game were its linearity, and how the puzzles are simple because the player can stop witness testimony at any time. Cole, too, felt the game was very linear, and that it was unclear how to proceed at certain points. He said that because of how story-driven it is, the game has low replay value; he still felt that players might want to replay it after a few years.

Thomas Bowskill of "Nintendo Life" said the game had changed his idea of what can make for a great game, and called it a "masterpiece". Bowskill appreciated the 2D presentation of the investigations, saying they suited the gameplay well and that it might have been difficult to find clues if 3D graphics had been used instead. Bowskill called the investigation sections "tedious" and "boring" at times, but said they were outweighed by the "feeling of accomplishment" from solving the cases.

Carrie Gouskos of "GameSpot" said the game revitalized the adventure game genre. Gouskos appreciated the game's presentation, calling it "unique and outstanding". She noted the music and sound effects work well with the drama. The cross-examination graphics, showing the two opposing lawyers along with the sound effect of a sword being unsheathed, she added, created an atmosphere similar to that of a fighting game. Harris also likened the style to that of a fighting game. Gouskos said the graphics, while simple, work well to show each character's mood and personality. Harris agreed the visuals were well-drawn and called the soundtrack "nicely rendered", but felt the character animation was very limited. Cole felt the graphics, while dated, have "visual flair". He appreciated the opening cinematics for the cases, which he thought were both stylish and ambiguous, and the character animations, which he called "priceless". Nadia Oxford at "USgamer" said that early "Ace Attorney" games, despite the "tinny" sound of the Game Boy Advance versions, had spawned some of the most iconic music themes in video games; she noted "The Detective That Came From the Wild West", Jake Marshall's theme, as a particularly good track.

Bowskill found the mood of the game to be hilarious, saying the game never gets stale; he attributed this to the diversity of its characters. Gouskos called the game's characters cohesive, over-the-top, and quirky. Harris called the story interesting and well written, citing the characters, situations, and dialogue. Cole was impressed by the mysteries and their resolutions, calling them "novel, unpredictable and plausible". He also appreciated the character development arcs through the game, which he felt provided pacing and made the cases cohesive. He called the English localization "top-notch", and appreciated its humor. According to Fintan Monaghan of "The Escapist", the game is a critique of the Japanese legal system, which has a 99% criminal conviction rate.

Spencer McIlvaine of "Nintendo Life" was disappointed in the Wii version that had only a single use for the Motion controller, and how the low-resolution graphics in handheld versions of the game were used. Dan Whitehead of "Eurogamer" also thought the motion controls were a minor addition. He was disappointed in how little effort Capcom had put into the port compared to LucasArts' remake of "The Secret of Monkey Island". IGN's Craig Harris called it "incredibly lazy", wishing it had included improved art and sharper text. Cara Ellison of "Eurogamer" called the "Trilogy HD" port "perfunctory", saying the animations are slow at times, the high-definition graphics take away from the charm of the pixel art in earlier versions, and there is a delay after button presses.

"Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy" was better received. "US Gamer"s Bob Mackey appreciated how the games were mostly left untouched, while given minor improvements, such as the player being able to read the text at their own pace and not waiting for it to crawl across the screen. He said the game's graphical upgrades were hit or miss, with certain characters, including Phoenix and Edgeworth, looking great. Elements that originally had less definition, such as the judge's beard, however, were "a little wonky". Thomas Whitehead of "Nintendo Life" said that Capcom had done a "solid job" with the port. He appreciated the stereoscopic 3D effect and the game's faithfulness to the original; he felt, however, that the lack of an orchestral soundtrack similar to that in "" was a minor disappointment. "Hardcore Gamer" Geoff Thew called the updated art gorgeous, noting it did not have the same animation-related problems as the "Trilogy HD" on iOS. He appreciated the 3D effect, which he said worked well most of the time. However, the window frame in the detention center was not rendered on its own layer. While this was not a huge problem, Thew said it was distracting as the player often visits that area. He also commented on the lack of a remastered soundtrack, calling it a letdown.

"Eurogamer" ranked the game as the 18th best video game of 2005. It was also a nominee for "GameSpot"s 2005 Best Adventure Game award, which went to "Fahrenheit". "Destructoid" named the game the 48th best video game of the 2000s, citing the courtroom gameplay and characters, and calling it "one of the most unique and surprising games" of the decade. They said the third game in the series had the best story, but it relied too heavily on story events in previous "Ace Attorney" games; meanwhile, they found "Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney" to be fresh and have challenging cases, making it the best in the series. "Game Informer" named it the 178th best video game of all time in 2009. Adventure Gamers named it the 29th best adventure game of all time in 2011, citing its story, characters, and creative gameplay. In 2015, "GamesRadar+" named it the 55th best video game of all time, citing its music, story and look, calling it "Shu Takumi's masterpiece". In 2016, "Famitsu" readers voted "Gyakuten Saiban" as the second best Game Boy Advance title, behind only "Pokémon Ruby" and "Sapphire". In 2017, "Famitsu" readers voted "Gyakuten Saiban" the third best adventure game of all time, behind only "Steins;Gate" and "".

The Game Boy Advance version was the 163rd best selling video game of the year in Japan in 2001, with 62,169 copies sold. Another 37,143 copies of the budget-priced Game Boy Advance re-release were sold in Japan in 2003, making it the country's 277th best selling game of the year. The Nintendo DS version was the 127th best selling game of the year in Japan in 2005, with 101,902 copies sold. Between 2006 and 2011 the game sold an additional 419,954 copies dropping from the 133rd to the 650th best selling game during that period. 

Demand for the North American release of the Nintendo DS version was higher than expected. The game was hard to find in stores shortly after its release; the third printing sold out in around a week. As of February 2007, 100,000 copies had been shipped in North America, which Capcom's vice-president of marketing found surprising. "Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trilogy" was the 139th best selling game of the year in Japan in 2014, with 46,819 copies sold. The PC version of the collection was among the best-selling new releases of the month on Steam.

After the release of the game, sequels, spin-offs, and a crossover have been made. The second and third games in the series, "" and "", were released in 2002 and 2004. The fourth game, "", which features the new protagonist Apollo Justice, was released in 2007. The fifth game, "", was released in 2013, and a sixth game, "", was released in 2016. Two spin-off games starring Miles Edgeworth, "" and "Ace Attorney Investigations 2", were released in 2009 and 2011, and two featuring Phoenix's ancestor Ryūnosuke Naruhodō, "" and "Dai Gyakuten Saiban 2", were released in 2015 and 2017. A crossover with the "Professor Layton" series, titled "", was released in 2012.

A manga based on the game, written by Kenji Kuroda and drawn by Kazuo Maekawa, premiered in 2006 in "Bessatsu Young Magazine". Kodansha released it in North America in five volumes from June 2011 to July 2012. The third and fourth volumes both ranked No.2 on "The New York Times" Manga Best Seller List for one week each in 2011 and 2012, respectively. A live action film adaptation of the game, titled "Ace Attorney", produced at Toei Company, and directed by Takashi Miike, premiered in Japanese theaters on February 11, 2012. An anime series adaptation based on the original trilogy premiered in April 2016.

"Phoenix Wright" has been credited with helping to popularise visual novels in the Western world. "Vice Magazine" credits "Phoenix Wright" with popularising the visual novel mystery format, and notes that its success anticipated the resurgence of point-and-click adventure games as well as the international success of Japanese visual novels. According to "Danganronpa" director Kazutaka Kodaka, "Phoenix Wright"s success in North America was due to how it distinguished itself from most visual novels with its gameplay mechanics, which "Danganronpa" later built upon and helped it also find success in North America.



</doc>
<doc id="1986671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1986671" title="Project Reality">
Project Reality

Project Reality is a series of combined arms tactical first-person shooter video game modifications which aim to create a realistic combat environment where the core gameplay encourages teamwork and coordination. The original version, "Project Reality: BF2", was released in 2005 for "Battlefield 2", it is still being updated on a regular basis and became a stand-alone game in 2015.

"Project Reality" for "ARMA 2" was released as a beta in 2011, development was later moved to "ARMA 3" in 2013. In September 2015 it was announced that the project had been suspended.

"Squad", a commercial game built on Unreal Engine 4, is a spiritual sequel to "Project Reality".

"Project Reality" features five game modes. Two of the most popular game modes are Advance and Secure (AAS) and Insurgency (INS). AAS involves capturing and holding control points, similar to the Conquest mode of Battlefield 2. In AAS, control points typically must be captured in a certain order with one team attacking, and one team defending. The second most popular game mode, Insurgency, is intended to simulate asymmetrical warfare. The Insurgency game mode involves a conventional forces team searching for and destroying hidden weapon caches while the other team, the insurgents, try to defend them. Moreover, the other game modes are Vehicle Warfare (VW) and Command and Control (CNC). The Vehicle Warfare mode differs by putting full emphasis on heavy vehicles and assets, and restricting the player to one kit role (crewman). The play style for Vehicle Warfare is otherwise identical to the Advance and Secure mode where players must capture objective points in order. Finally, the Command and Control mode removes all control points. The objective instead is focused around player built fortifications and their single Forward Operating Base. Players must build and defend their hidden Forward Operating Base while also searching for the opposing forces' base. The mod also features a co-op mode, where human players may play alongside or against computer controlled players. Co-op can also serve as a single-player mode (with bots standing in for teammates).

In contrast to the original system of Battlefield 2, players may not spawn at their squad leader when they die, but must instead spawn at permanent spawn points such as main bases, or at temporary rally points created by the squad leader. Players may also spawn at Forward Operating Bases which can be constructed if supply crates are delivered to the desired location. When constructed, other fixed defences such as stationary machine guns and various defensive constructs such as barbed wire or foxholes can be placed afterwards with the delivery of additional supplies.

The Insurgency game mode diverts slightly from these rules, limiting the insurgent side to spawn at their weapons caches which they must defend, or they lose the ability to spawn. The opposing team can discover the location of these caches by catching informants for the insurgents, after which an enemy cache will be marked on the conventional forces' map, indicating its position. However, insurgents can still deploy and construct destructible "hideouts" to spawn at, which act in a similar way to the Forward Operating Bases in conventional game modes. The conventional forces are also able to construct their own Forward Operating Bases for forward deployment.

Project Reality features over 15 factions with more in development.

"Project Reality: ARMA 2" exists as a standalone modification requiring both "ARMA 2" and "". It remains self-contained, self developing and does not rely on or use externally held add-ons from other sources where at all possible. What that means to the player is that it is a 'one stop shop' as an installation package, with no requirement for additional multiple add on packs.

Project Reality: ARMA 2 v0.1 BETA was released on September 2 which was shortly followed by the release of Project Reality: ARMA 2 v0.15 beta on March 16, 2012. A year later on March 1, 2013 0.16 version was released including two new terrains (maps). With the release came the news of a cease in development with the ARMA2 mod and a movement of efforts towards "ARMA 3".

In early 2009 it was revealed through the official Project Reality forums that a standalone successor "Project Reality 2" is in pre-production. A license for the C4 Engine has been purchased as of 2010.

An entry for a game called ""Project Reality 2 - The Beaten Zone"" has been posted to the official Crytek developers community "crytek.net", stating that the game would be using the CryEngine 3. "Project Reality" staff have dismissed the supposed engine change as rumor, and did not acknowledge any connection to the "crydev.net" posting.

However, new announcements from the Dev Team, made sure that PR2 will be in fact using the CryEngine 3, since most of the people involved in the development of the game on the C4 Engine thought it wasn't so good to work with, and they have chosen the CryEngine 3 as their new engine to work on. There is no set release date for the game. Since 2014 there has been no more word from the team behind the standalone. One of the main developers also mentioned that the game's production had stopped.

On October 10. 2014 a team consisting of current and former Project Reality:BF2 developers announced a new commercial game based on the Project Reality gameplay formula. The new game is named "Squad" and is built on Unreal Engine 4. The game, as of December 2015, is available on Steam Early Access. The game was initially funded through a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter. 

Major game review websites, IGN and GameSpy have both reviewed "Project Reality". IGN review states "why all "BF2" players should download this mod." while GameSpy says that "the mother of all realism mods [has] arrive[d] for BF2". PC Zone Magazine also reviewed "Project Reality", saying that "not only does it make the virtual warfare harsher, "Project Reality" also adds fantastic new maps, vehicles and weapons to the fray".




</doc>
<doc id="1990490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1990490" title="Hollywood High (video game)">
Hollywood High (video game)

Hollywood High is a creative writing game released in 1996 by Theatrix Interactive. It is the sequel to "Theatrix's Hollywood", which featured only animal cartoon characters. The game features a choice of 37 scenes and multiple human cartoon characters. Users input text and watch the characters read it. Although Theatrix Interactive has since become defunct, the program was picked up by Tom Snyder productions, a division of Scholastic Corporation. The software can also be bought online directly from the main site. The product was available in Windows (R) 95, Windows 3.1, and Macintosh (R) CD-ROM formats.

The seed for Hollywood High was planted when Theatrix asked users what type of game they would like to see next, and there was much enthusiasm for a computer game based on teenage life.

Hollywood High features nine teenage characters (four boys and five girls), a mother, an athletic coach and a baby sibling. Players may change the voices, names, and jobs/interests of the characters. The characters include:


You may change, however, the voices, names, and jobs/interests of the characters.

There are 55 settings available in all, including the mall, the bathroom, the beach, prom and the eye of a storm.

When Theatrix's Hollywood and Hollywood High were installed on the same computer, the two could be combined by using a key received by calling Theatrix after launching the "Unlock Hollywood" program; however, since the developer is now defunct, this feature is no longer available, and Scholastic has not picked this back up, due to low demand.
A web series, based on and created with the game was launched in 2012, using the same settings and characters but with drastically altered personalities and roles.


First Episode of Hollywood High Web Series


</doc>
<doc id="1990727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1990727" title="GunZ: The Duel">
GunZ: The Duel

GunZ: The Duel (), or simply GunZ, was an online third-person shooting game, created by South Korean-based MAIET Entertainment.

It was free-to-play, with a microtransaction business model for purchasing premium in-game items. The game allowed players to perform exaggerated, gravity-defying action moves, including wall running, stunning, tumbling, and blocking bullets with swords, in the style of action films and anime.

In Quest mode, players, in a group of up to 4 members, went through parts of a map for a certain number of stages, which were determined by the quest level. In each stage, players were required to kill 18 to 44 creatures, and the game ended when every member of the player team died or completed all of the stages. Quests could take place in the Prison, Mansion, or Dungeon map.

Players could make the quests tougher and more profitable by using special quest items to increase the quest level that could be bought from the in-game store or obtained during a quest. Quest items in-game were stored in glowing chests that spawned where the monster that it came from died; certain items could have been dropped depending on the monster killed. Players ran through these to obtain an item randomly selected from the possibilities of that monster. The items obtained depended on the monster that the chest came from. By sacrificing certain items in combination, players could enter a boss quest. Boss items were obtained through pages and other boss quests, and pages were obtained through the in-game shop. The quest system was designed to reduce the amount of time needed to prepare for boss raids that are typical in many other online games.

A significant and unique part of the gameplay was the movement system. Players could run on walls, perform flips off of them, and do quick mid-air dodges in any horizontal direction. Advanced movement and combat techniques were commonly referred to as "K-Style" or Korean style; a variety of techniques fell under this category. These usually exploited the game's animation and weapon switch systems through a series of animation cancellations to allow the player to perform another action rapidly after the first. One example was the wall cancel; unlike the normal limited method of running on walls intended by the developers, the player can simply jump, dash while mid-air in the direction of the wall, and when close enough to the wall, slash or stab it depending on if the player was using a dagger or a sword. This would cause the player to gain height and momentum by back flipping upwards off of the wall once. With each successive timed wall cancel, it is possible to stay in the air near walls and travel along them indefinitely using this method. This, in addition to the fact that these techniques were possible as a result of exploiting flaws in the animation system, has resulted in them being controversial but they became largely accepted as part of the game.

"GunZ"s networking system in most parts of the game was peer to peer. Players connect to other players through their client, instead of through a central server.

The closed beta for ijji "GunZ" ended on November 17, 2006. ijji "GunZ" subsequently went live on November 29, 2006. The live service included clan wars and quest mode. The premium item shop was opened on January 8, 2007. Quest mode was updated on February 14, 2007. New sounds and voice narrations were added to the game on May 9, 2007.

In 2011 the source code of GunZ 1.5 became available online.

The game was managed on an international gaming portal by ijji games until management shifted to the Aeria Games gaming portal in March 2012.

In the first week of May 2013 (1st on the forums and on the homepage), Aeria announced that the game would be cancelled on May 31, and that the forums would be deleted in June. They would only refund AP purchased during those final four weeks. AP purchased in prior months/years used to build characters would not be refunded to players.

This closure happened 2 months following the announcement that GunZ 2 would be released for free in English on Steam.

In 2016, Masangsoft picked up the rights to both GunZ: The Duel and GunZ 2.

PC Gamer UK awarded "Gunz" a 55% review score. MMOHuts gave the game a 3.6 out of 5.

In July 2008, MAIET signed a contract to release the sequel for "GunZ", titled "GunZ: The Second Duel". "The Second Duel" was to be created more inline with what the creators had originally planned for the original game. In March 2009, MAIET pushed back the date of release from 2009 to 2011, citing "new materials".




</doc>
<doc id="1995536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1995536" title="Food Force">
Food Force

Food Force is an educational game published by the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) in 2005. Due to its content, it is considered a serious game (game with educational purpose). Players take on missions to distribute food in a famine-affected country and to help it to recover and become self-sufficient again. At the same time they learn about hunger in the real world and the WFP's work to prevent it.

In 2011, a new, socially interactive game was launched in November by the World Food Programme in partnership with Konami. The game, which is takes place entirely on Facebook, is amongst the first games ever to feature a real world impact through virtual goods.

The game takes place on the fictional island of Sheylan in the Indian Ocean, which is suffering from both drought and civil war. The player's character is a rookie who has joined a team of UN experts, including a nutritionist, a logistics officer, a pilot, an appeals officer, and the director of food purchasing.

The game contains six missions:

Most of the gameplay is arcade oriented, with time-limited sequences. All six missions could be played through in under an hour, though players might replay the individual missions, as their high scores could be uploaded online for worldwide comparison with other players, until another game, under the same name, was made by the WFP and Konami.

The game was freely downloadable, but with the release of a game under the same name by WFP, the game's website has been shut down along with all of the official download links. The game is still mirrored on various websites, but there is no official download link. It had versions for the Windows and Macintosh. Linux users could use Wine to install the Windows version of the game and the QuickTime bundled with the package. The Macintosh version of the game is PowerPC only and as such, the game could only be run on PowerPC Macs with Mac OS X Jaguar or higher or on Intel powered Macs running Mac OS X Tiger to Mac OS X Snow Leopard. Users are encouraged to burn the game onto CDs and distribute it to friends. Developed by the British studio Playerthree and the Italian company Deepend, the program uses Macromedia for gameplay and QuickTime for video.

The "Food Force" website also had lesson plans for teachers, reports on recent WFP work, a high score table and other features.

"Food Force 2", based on "Food Force", has been developed as free software under the terms of version 3 of the GNU General Public License. It is cross-platform as it is written in the Python programming language, and runs on platforms including the One Laptop Per Child XO and the Sugar desktop environment. Food Force 2 is available for download on Linux, Windows and Mac OS X platforms.



</doc>
<doc id="1997775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1997775" title="The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (video game)">
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (video game)

The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2002 action-adventure video game developed by WXP for the Xbox. It was ported to the Game Boy Advance by Pocket Studios and the PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows by Surreal Software. The game was published by Vivendi Universal Games under their Black Label Games publishing label. In North America, it was released for Xbox and Game Boy Advance in September, and for PlayStation 2 and Windows in October. In Europe, it was released for Xbox, Windows and Game Boy Advance in November, and for PlayStation 2 in December.

The game is an officially licensed adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien's 1954 novel, "The Fellowship of the Ring", the first volume in his "The Lord of the Rings". Although the game was released roughly a year after Peter Jackson's film "", and several weeks prior to his "", it has no relationship with the film series. This is because, at the time, Vivendi, in partnership with Tolkien Enterprises, held the rights to the video game adaptations of Tolkien's literary works, whilst Electronic Arts held the rights to the video game adaptations of the New Line Cinema films. EA chose not to publish a game based on Jackson's "Fellowship" film, although they did incorporate some of the plot and footage into their 2002 "" game, which was released a few weeks after Vivendi's "Fellowship" game.

"The Fellowship of the Ring" received mixed to average reviews, with critics praising the fidelity to the source material, but finding the combat rudimentary and repetitive, and the graphics poor. Many critics also compared the game's depiction of Middle-earth unfavorably with the darker depiction seen in the films. Although the game was a financial success, selling over one million units across all platforms, it was heavily outsold by EA's "The Two Towers", which sold almost four million units. Vivendi initially planned to make two sequels to the game, covering all three books in the trilogy, but the first sequel, called "The Lord of the Rings: The Treason of Isengard" (a discarded title for Tolkien's "Two Towers" book), developed by Surreal Software and slated for release in late 2003, was cancelled late in development.

"The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" is an action-adventure game played from a third-person perspective. The player controls one of three characters at various points in the game: Frodo Baggins, Aragorn, and Gandalf, each of whom has their own weapons and abilities. Frodo is the only character who can jump, shimmy along ledges and sneak. Only Frodo and Gandalf can push and pull items. Gandalf is the only character who has access to magic. Aragorn has the most health, is physically the strongest character and has more melee combat moves.
In combat, Frodo has access to three melee weapons at different stages in the game. Initially, he is armed with a walking stick. Later, he acquires a dagger, and finally, he can use the short sword Sting. Frodo can also throw stones, and can turn invisible for limited periods of time by using the One Ring. Aragorn is initially armed with a basic longsword, but later acquires Andúril. He also possesses a bow, and he can kick out at enemies. Gandalf uses his sword Glamdring and has several magical abilities, such as a fire attack, chain lightning and healing. The player can also switch to first-person view at any time during the game. This can help targeting when Frodo is throwing stones or Aragorn is firing arrows. Movement during first-person view is limited to strafing left and right.

When playing as Frodo, there are two meters on screen. One represents his health; the other represents his "purity." As soon as Frodo puts on the One Ring, he begins to draw the gaze of Sauron, and his purity begins to diminish. If the purity meter empties before he takes the Ring off, he will become corrupted, and the game will end. Once he removes the Ring, the meter will begin to fill again. Gandalf also has two meters; health and magic spirit. As he uses magic, his spirit meter will begin to deplete. When it is empty, he can no longer cast spells. He can refill the meter by drinking miruvor. Aragorn has only one meter; his health bar.

The game features a number of collectible items. Often, they are quest items necessary for progressing in the story, but occasionally, the player can find health items; mushrooms for Frodo's health, cram bread and lembas for Aragorn and Gandalf, and miruvor for Gandalf's magic spirit. The Xbox version of the game features secret areas in many levels, where special items can be found. The Ring itself helps guide the player to these locations as its on screen image begins to rotate when a player is near such an area; the faster the rotation, the closer the player is to the secret location. The Xbox version also features numerous side-missions absent in the other versions of the game.

The Game Boy Advance version is different from the other three versions insofar as it is more RPG based, and is played from an isometric three-quarter top-down view. Gameplay focuses on turn-based combat, and at various points, all nine members of the fellowship (Frodo, Sam, Pippin, Merry, Aragorn, Gandalf, Legolas, Gimli and Boromir) are controllable, each with their own strengths, weaknesses and growth charts. During combat, the player has the choice to fully control each member of their active party (up to four characters), or instead, control only the main player character, and have the other three controlled by the AI.

The game is presented against the background of the history of the One Ring. At the dawn of the Second Age, after the defeat of the Dark Lord, Morgoth, the elves of Eregion forged the nineteen Rings of Power to help themselves, the dwarves and men rule Middle-earth. However, the elves were unaware that Sauron, Morgoth's closest ally, had survived his master's defeat, and in the guise of Annatar had been the one who taught the Elven-smiths, led by Celebrimbor, how to forge the Rings, whilst, in secret, he forged his own One Ring in the fires of Mount Doom, a Ring far more powerful than any of the others. However, in order for the One Ring to be powerful enough to control the other Rings, Sauron had to transfer most of his power into it. As soon as he put it on, the elves became aware of his ruse, removing and hiding their Three Rings, which Celebrimbor had forged without Sauron's aid. Sauron waged war on the elves, conquering much of Middle-earth and killing Celebrimbor. Thus began the Dark Years, when Sauron took possession of the remaining sixteen Rings, giving seven to the dwarves and nine to men in an effort to corrupt them. The dwarves proved relatively immune to the powers of the Rings, acquiring only a greed for gold, and becoming unconcerned with events in the wider world. Men proved less resilient, and the nine kings given the Rings become the nine Ring-wraiths, or Nazgûl, led by the Witch-king of Angmar.

In his ongoing efforts to conquer Middle-earth, Sauron regained the allegiance of many of Morgoth's servants from the First Age, and successfully corrupted Númenor. However, in doing so, he expended a great deal of his power, and lost the ability to ever again assume a pleasing disguise. Returning to Mordor, he regained his strength, eventually capturing Minas Ithil. However, realizing that if they did not join together, Sauron would destroy both men and elves, Elendil, High-King of Arnor, and Gil-galad, High-King of Noldor, formed the Last Alliance of Men and Elves, and attacked Sauron in his fortress, Barad-dûr. The alliance was victorious, with Isildur cutting the One Ring from Sauron's hand. However, although presented with a chance to destroy the Ring forever, Isildur, already beginning to succumb to its corruption, chose not to do so. As such, although Sauron's physical form was vanquished, his spirit, bound to the Ring, survived. Some time later, Isildur was attacked and killed by a band of orcs, and the Ring was lost in the river Anduin for over two thousand years.

Meanwhile, during the Third Age, a still weakened Sauron covertly established a stronghold at Dol Guldur. In response to this undetermined evil, the Valar sent five Maiar to Middle-earth. Taking the form of wizards, they were led by Saruman. Unsure of the origin of the evil power in Dol Guldur, the wizard Gandalf was sent to investigate. However, Sauron hid from Gandalf, waiting for four hundred years before returning. Around the same time, the One Ring was found by a Hobbit named Sméagol, who became utterly corrupted by it, living in the caves of the Misty Mountains, and physically transforming into a creature known as Gollum. For five hundred years, Gollum was consumed and corrupted by the Ring. Eventually, Gandalf was able to determine the evil presence in Dol Guldur was indeed Sauron. Gandalf reported back to the White Council, but Saruman dissuaded them from moving against Sauron. Only when he learned the One Ring may be in the vicinity of the Gladden Fields did Saruman agree to attack Sauron, hoping to find the Ring himself. The Council drove Sauron from Dol Guldur, unaware that he knew the Ring had been found. Just prior to Sauron's departure, the Ring passed to another hobbit, Bilbo Baggins, who used it to assist in the victory of elves, men and dwarves at the Battle of the Five Armies. Sixty years later, Gollum was captured by orcs, and taken to Mordor, where he was tortured into revealing the owner and location of the Ring; Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. In the meantime, Bilbo had left the Shire to live in Rivendell, and upon the advice of Gandalf had (very reluctantly) given the Ring to his nephew, Frodo Baggins. With the information given him by Gollum, Sauron, still unable to take physical form, thus sent the Nazgûl to the Shire to retrieve the One Ring.

The game begins with Gandalf (voiced by Tom Kane) visiting Frodo (Steve Staley) and explaining the significance and history of the Ring. Frodo suggests it be destroyed, and Gandalf explains only the fires that created it are powerful enough to do so; the fires of Mount Doom, deep in Mordor. As Gandalf cannot take the Ring himself, for fear it would corrupt him, Frodo volunteers to do so. An eavesdropping Samwise Gamgee (voiced by Scott Menville in PC & PS2, but Cliff Broadway in Xbox) volunteers to join Frodo and Gandalf agrees, telling them they must head to Rivendell and speak to Elrond. He also tells Frodo never to use the Ring, as to do so will begin to corrupt him, and will draw the attention of Sauron and the Nazgûl. On the night of Frodo's departure, a Nazgûl arrives in The Shire looking for the Baggins' home. Frodo is able to evade the Nazgûl and heads to meet Sam, whom he finds accompanied by Peregrin "Pippin" Took (James Arnold Taylor) and Meriadoc "Merry" Brandybuck (Quinton Flynn). Much to Frodo's surprise they know about the Ring and Sauron, as they have been spying on Bilbo, Frodo and Gandalf for years. They vow to join Frodo on his quest.

With the Nazgûl in pursuit, the hobbits head through the Old Forest. As they reach a large willow tree, Sam, Pippin and Merry fall asleep, and are swept up into the tree's branches. Frodo is then approached by a man, Tom Bombadil (Daran Norris), who tells him the tree is called Old Man Willow. Tom puts Willow to sleep, and releases the hobbits. They go to his house, meeting his wife, Goldberry (Kath Soucie). The hobbits spend the night, before heading to the Barrow-downs, where Sam, Pippin and Merry are captured by a Barrow-wight. Tom arrives, again saving them, and leads them to Bree, advising them to stay in the Prancing Pony.

In the inn, Pippin has too much to drink and begins to tell stories about Bilbo. Afraid that he will reveal too much, Frodo climbs on a table and begins to sing and dance to distract the crowd. However, he slips, and the Ring lands on his finger, turning him invisible. An angry ranger takes the hobbits into another room, warning them they are drawing too much attention to themselves. He introduces himself as Strider (Daran Norris) and asks if he may join them on their journey. At this point, the innkeeper, Barliman Butterbur (Daran Norris), arrives with a letter from Gandalf which informs Frodo that Strider is really Aragorn, a trusted friend. Attracted by Frodo's accidental use of the Ring, the Nazgûl come to Bree, but Aragorn successfully hides the hobbits.

They head towards Rivendell, stopping at Weathertop for the night, where they are attacked by the Nazgûl. In an effort to evade them, Frodo puts on the Ring, not realizing it does not hide him from them. The Witch-king stabs him with a morgul-blade. Aragorn manages to fight off the attackers, but Frodo's blood is corrupted by evil. As they race to Rivendell, they are met by Glorfindel (Steve Staley), who gives Frodo his horse. Frodo crosses the River Bruinen, and the Nazgûl attempt to follow, but the waves of the river, under the control of Elrond, rise up, washing the Nazgûl away. At this point, Frodo faints.

He awakens to see Gandalf by his bedside. Gandalf tells him that Saruman has joined with Sauron, and that Aragorn is not just a ranger, but the last surviving descendant of Isildur, and rightful heir to the throne of Gondor. They head to the council chambers, where Elrond (Jim Piddock) is presiding over a debate about what to do with the Ring. Aragorn says the Ring must be destroyed, but Boromir (James Horan), a man from Minas Tirith, disagrees, arguing instead they should use it as a weapon against Sauron. Gandalf says this cannot be so, as anyone powerful enough to wield the Ring would become as terrifying as Sauron. As the debate becomes heated, Frodo volunteers to take the Ring to Mordor and cast it into the fires of Mount Doom, and Elrond agrees, forming a company of nine; Frodo, Sam, Pippin, Merry, Gandalf, Aragorn, Boromir, a silvan elf from Mirkwood named Legolas (Michael Reisz) and a dwarf from Erebor named Gimli (James Horan).

They set out, and attempt to cross Caradhras, but a snowstorm causes an avalanche, closing the pass. They reluctantly decide the only way past the Misty Mountains is to go under them, via the dwarven mines of Moria. In Moria, they fight off orcs as they pass through the chambers. Near the exit, they are attacked by a Balrog. Gandalf stands against it, defeating it by destroying the bridge on which it is standing. However, as it falls, it catches Gandalf with its whip, pulling him down after it. The distraught party leave Moria, entering Lothlórien, and meeting Galadriel (Jennifer Hale). She takes Frodo to see the Mirror of Galadriel, where he sees images of the coming War of the Ring. Frodo offers her the One Ring and although she is tempted, she turns it down, explaining that his resistance to its evil is because he has never tried to use it to control others.

The party leave Lothlórien via the river Anduin. Boromir tries to convince Frodo to take the Ring to Gondor to use it as a weapon against Sauron, but Frodo refuses. As they travel on the river, a Nazgûl riding a Fellbeast seizes Sam. The party give chase, and on the hill of Amon Hen, Aragon and Legolas slay the creature and rescue Sam. The game ends with Galadriel looking into her mirror, noting that although the Fellowship has succeeded in getting Frodo close to Mordor, she sees him and Sam alone in the future, with Gollum following closely behind them.

The game was first announced on May 15, 2001, with publishers Sierra On-Line revealing it would be an Xbox exclusive title, developed by WXP Games, with some non-gameplay pre-rendered cutscenes to be made available at the upcoming E3 event. Sierra were keen to emphasize the game would be based wholly on J. R. R. Tolkien's 1954 novel "The Fellowship of the Ring", and would have no connection to the upcoming Peter Jackson directed of the novel. This was because Vivendi Universal Games, Sierra's holding company, owned the rights to video game adaptations of Tolkien's literary works, but Electronic Arts owned the rights to the video game adaptations of the New Line Cinema film series. Sierra's "Fellowship" game was slated for release early in 2002, and was set to be followed by an adaptation of "The Hobbit", and shortly thereafter, adaptations of "The Two Towers" and "The Return of the King", and an as-yet untitled MMORPG set in Middle-earth.

Originally, WXP planned for "The Fellowship" to be an RPG, but they soon came to feel this might alienate potential players, and as they wanted to attract as many people as possible to the title, including people who had never read the books, they decided to develop the game as a third-person action-adventure instead. At the time, Frodo was the only controllable character, with the other members of the fellowship featuring as NPCs, although the player was to have the choice as to which character(s) to fight alongside at each point in the game. The developers were also working closely with Tolkien Enterprises to ensure any action sequences or enemies that moved beyond the immediate events of the novel kept with the general tone of the narrative and were true to the spirit of Tolkien's legendarium.

Discussing the technical aspects of developing the game for the Xbox, WXP co-founder, Patrick Moynihan stated

On December 21, Vivendi announced a Game Boy Advance version of "The Fellowship" would also be released. Developed by Pocket Studios, the game was to be called "Lord of the Rings, Part I", and was to feature the full plot of "The Fellowship" and roughly half of "The Two Towers". This would be followed soon after by "Lord of the Rings, Part II", featuring the second half of "Two Towers" and all of "Return of the King". Vivendi revealed little about the games other than the fact that they were to be more RPG based than the Xbox "Fellowship" game, and would be played from an isometric three-quarter top-down view.

In February 2002, Vivendi announced the Xbox version of the game would now feature three playable characters; Frodo, Aragorn and Gandalf, as well as multiple NPC allies and twenty-eight types of enemy. They also announced the release date had been pushed back to late 2002. Also in February, Vivendi revealed more about the GBA "Lord of the Rings, Part I", explaining it would feature turn-based combat, and all nine members of the fellowship would be controllable at some point. During combat, the player would have the choice to fully control each member of their party, or instead, control only the main player character, and have their allies controlled by the AI.

At E3 in May 2002, Vivendi announced the previously Xbox-exclusive "Fellowship of the Ring" game was also being developed for the PlayStation 2 and Windows. Both versions were being developed by Surreal Software. However, as with WXP's Xbox version, Surreal were working closely with Tolkien Enterprisers to ensure the game stayed within the parameters of Tolkien's fictional "milieu". A non-playable E3 demo of the PlayStation 2 version featured combat from the Weathertop and Moria levels, showcasing the game's combat and graphics. Both the PlayStation 2 and PC versions were using a modified form of the Riot Engine from "". Also at E3, it was revealed the GBA "Lord of the Rings, Part I" had been renamed "The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring", and would now cover only the first book. However, Vivendi emphasized how faithful an adaptation of the novel it was by showing footage of Tom Bombadil and Old Man Willow, characters usually cut from adaptations.

In June, Vivendi continued to push the fidelity of the game on all platforms by revealing the voice actors would be reciting over 5000 lines of dialogue taken "verbatim" from the novel. They also explained that as in the novel it is mentioned there are 200 steps at the entrance to Moria, so in the game, there are exactly 200 steps. Previewing the PlayStation 2 version of the game, GameSpot's Gerald Villoria wrote "Although the game is by no means a replacement for reading the books, those who have only watched the movie should look forward to seeing a vision of Tolkien that lies much closer to home."

In August, Vivendi announced the game would be published by the newly created Black Label Games; a label which Ken Cron (Vivendi Universal Games CEO) stated "will focus on delivering innovative, high-quality titles to satisfy the growing consumer appetite for increasingly sophisticated content." The first playable versions of the game were shown at the ECTS in August, with the Weathertop level from both the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions made available. Speaking of the competition between Vivendi's "Fellowship" and EA's "Two Towers", IGN's Douglass C. Perry wrote "the game looks to fulfill the dreams of diehard Tolkien fans who demand that their Tolkien be accurate to the books. The larger levels, various character changes, and attention to story detail will prompt buyers to weigh their decisions heavily before laying down their money on one or the other Tolkien games." In September, just prior to the release of "The Fellowship", Vivendi reiterated that more Middle-earth games would be coming soon; the already in development "The Hobbit", the two sequels to "Fellowship" (both of which would feature online multiplayer) and two newly announced games; "The Lord of the Rings: Middle-earth Online" and "".

"The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring" was met with mixed to average reviews. The Game Boy Advance version holds an aggregate score of 51 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on eighteen reviews; the PC version 59 out of 100, based on sixteen reviews; the PlayStation 2 version 59 out of 100, based on nineteen reviews; and the Xbox version 59 out of 100, based on twenty-three reviews. In 2014, IGN included the game in their list of the "5 Worst "Lord of the Rings" Video Games."

GameZone's Michael Lafferty scored the Xbox version 8 out of 10, writing "the essence of the fantastic adventure is there, and while the game does chart an extremely linear path through the lands of Middle-earth, there are enough challenges along the route to enable players to joyfully experience the urgency and terror of the journey." IGN's Kaiser Hwang scored it 6.7 out of 10. He was critical of the combat, the enemy AI, and how the plot was handled. He concluded "the book itself is very non-linear in format and can be very hard to translate into an effective game without leaving some of the detail out. But to reduce to the story to almost childish levels is not what I had in mind. Didn't we learn that from 1978's "Lord of the Rings" animated movie?" GameSpy's Steve Steinberg scored it 3 out of 5, arguing "the actual gameplay takes a backseat. The die-hard Tolkien fan will get a kick out of slugging and spell-casting their way through the first book of the "Rings" trilogy, but the casual gamer will only be disappointed by an otherwise generic action/adventure title. GameSpot's Brad Shoemaker scored it 5.7 out of 10, writing "even the blessing of Tolkien Enterprises isn't enough to save the game from its bland design and tedious gameplay." He called it "an average game at its best and a frustrating and boring one at its worst." Eurogamer's Kristan Reed scored it 4 out of 10, comparing it unfavorably with EA's "Two Towers"; "EA shames Vivendi's effort for presentation and general slickness." He was heavily critical of the inability to invert the camera controls, which he referred to as an "industry standard option" in third-person games. He concluded "this has "licensed toss" written all over it. The goal was "to create the most authentic "Lord of the Rings" game experience possible." Quite honestly, Melbourne House's had more going for it."

IGN's Douglass C. Perry scored the PlayStation 2 version 7.5 out of 10, writing "the inclusion of chapters from the book skipped over in the movie, and the general variety of missions, spread out over the large landscapes work to its favor." However, he was critical of the lack of an autosave feature, the implementation of the Ring, which he felt was completely optional, and the combat system, which he called "basic and repetitive." He concluded "what this game has that the EA game doesn't have - chapters, characters and events from the book - is important to a Tolkien fan, and it warrants playtime [...] but without this license, this game is very, very average." GameZone's Michael Knudson scored it 7.4 out of 10 arguing "the game has a lot of potential, but a few gameplay quirks ruin it." He concluded "this game will only suit hardcore fans of the J.R.R. Tolkien series." GameSpot's Brad Shoemaker scored it 5.5 out of 10 calling it "an average adventure game with a high-profile license attached." GameSpy's Bryan Stratton scored it 1.5 out of 5, comparing it unfavorably with the film; "the reason that the movie worked was that Peter Jackson knew what to keep from the book, what to fast-forward through, and what to cut altogether. "Fellowship" doesn't have the benefit of so capable an editor." "Game Informer"s Andy McNamara scored it 3 out of 10, writing "There are so many things wrong with this one, it's hard to decide. For one, the story is delivered with all the emotion of a grade school play. This wouldn't be such a bad thing, if the gameplay weren't absolutely abysmal."

IGN's Steve Butts scored the PC version 6.5 out of 10, praising the game's fidelity to the novel and its inclusion of characters such as Tom Bambadil, but criticizing the truncation of the narrative, suggesting players unfamiliar with the book or film would not be able to follow the plot. However, he did argue "the artists here have done a really excellent job of creating a world that's similar enough to be familiar but distinct enough to stand on its own." GameSpot's Andrew Park scored it 5.7 out of 10, writing "thanks to "Fellowship of the Ring"s limited gameplay, only true Tolkien enthusiasts will enjoy the game for very long." He concluded "the game generally looks and sounds quite good, but unfortunately, it just isn't that much fun to play." GameSpy's Avi Fryman scored it 2 out of 5, and was critical of the gameplay, controls, camera and the lack of an autosave, although he did praise the graphics and voice acting.

The Game Boy Advance version was generally considered the weakest version of the game. IGN's Marc Nix scored it 6 out of 10, and was especially critical of the combat; "enemies get the jump on you with the first attack, and since there can be several enemies on screen, it can take a long time for your turn to come up. Then you have to watch every swipe of battle, which all begin and end with the characters taking a LONG walk across the screen to attack and then retreat - just the time that it takes for sprites to rotate back into the ready position is enough time for you to lose interest." He called the game "a rough start for the journey." GameSpy's Avi Fryman scored it 1.5 out of 5, criticizing the graphics, and finding the game buggy, writing "I wonder if it was even tested prior to its clearly rushed release." GameSpot's Frank Provo scored it 2.1 out of 10, writing, "the range of interactivity is so low and the action is so infrequent that Frodo's quest to Mount Doom is reduced to nothing more than a trivial errand. What's more, the entire game is so unpolished and full of bugs that it's unfathomable how it ever passed quality assurance in the first place."

The game sold over one million units across all platforms and was a commercial success. However, it was heavily outsold by EA's "The Two Towers" game, which sold almost four million units and received considerably better reviews. In the United States, the computer version of "The Fellowship of the Ring" sold 230,000 copies and earned $7.8 million by August 2006, after its release in October 2002. It was the country's 91st best-selling computer game during this period.

Although the planned "Hobbit" game, "Middle-earth Online" and "War of the Ring" were all ultimately released, the two sequels in the "Lords of the Rings" trilogy were not. The first game, an adaptation of "The Two Towers", was renamed "The Lord of the Rings: The Treason of Isengard" (a discarded title for the original "Two Towers" novel), so as not to cause confusion with EA's 2002 "Two Towers" game. "Treason" was first announced on April 24, 2003, with plans for a non-playable demo at E3 in May. The game was being developed by Surreal Software, who had handled the PlayStation 2 and PC versions of "The Fellowship". Vivendi planned to release the game under the Black Label Games banner on Xbox and PS2, which had seen the highest sales of the "Fellowship" game. Vivendi also hired Daniel Greenberg, a self-professed Tolkien fanatic, to work on the game.

At E3, a non-playable demo was shown. Following the mediocre critical reaction to "Fellowship", Surreal had built a new game engine from scratch. Additionally, the rigidly linear gameplay from "Fellowship" was replaced with a mixture of both linear and non-linear levels. Vivendi also announced that a secret playable character could be unlocked in the game, but only if the player performed very specific actions. They refused to say who the character was, however, saying only "The secret character is not Gandalf, it's actually cooler than him." The demo featured a level set in Fangorn Forest, with Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli fighting a group of Uruk-hai and orcs. In total, apart from the secret character, the game was to feature six playable characters; Aragorn, Gimli, Legolas, Boromir (in a flashback level), Sam and Gollum. Another new feature in the game was that the player-character often switched mid-level, adhering to the main point-of-view of the given moment in the novel. Multiplayer co-op was also available, and online multiplayer was said to be in the works. The character models were not the same as those used in "The Fellowship", with considerably more detail for each character. In July, Vivendi revealed that Treebeard had been added as a playable character.

However, on September 12, Vivendi announced that both "The Treason of Isengard" and the "Return of the King" games had been cancelled. The official reason given by Vivendi was that "Treason" "was not shaping up as strongly as anticipated and would likely not satisfy the expectations of Tolkien fans." Vivendi reiterated that "The Hobbit", "Middle-earth Online" and "War of the Ring" were all still on schedule. Andrew Shiozaki, senior brand manager of Vivendi Universal Games, commented that "it was determined that "The Lord of the Rings: The Treason of Isengard" was not going to achieve the strict, but crucial, standards for our Tolkien games. With that, the decision has been made to cancel this title and focus on the remainder of the Tolkien lineup." The game had been slated for a November 2003 release, and upon its cancellation, Surreal declined to comment.


</doc>
<doc id="1998929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=1998929" title="Scrapland">
Scrapland

American McGee Presents: Scrapland is a game developed by MercurySteam, with American McGee as a producer and published by Enlight Software.

Scrapland's story is set in the robot-populated world of the same name, also known by the inhabitants as Chimera, which seems like a giant asteroid vastly industrialized as a metropolis and surrounded by a world-scaled energy field and an orbital ring, both used to control entrance and exit of the planet. The world of Scrapland is filled with violence, clandestine racing, gambling and common illegal actions punishable with death, but both victims and perpetrators can both be resurrected thanks to the Great Database, a huge machine created and controlled by the Bishops of Chimera that is capable of resurrecting robots, but the "extra lives" for robots are quite expensive, as Bishops determine the prices and even incite massacres or take part in combats and murders to boost the extra live sales. Robots that can't pay the extra lives when they're killed are resurrected in a cell, guarded by the corrupt Chimera Police Department. The inhabitants suffer a great burden on their economies as well, mostly the passive ones, as the police officers extort other robots for money in broad daylight and/or have their money stolen by Banker robots who can empty a person's economy without him even noticing. Chimera's inhabitants are also intolerant towards humans or any other organic beings, called "viscous beings" by the inhabitants, considering them extremely dangerous and arresting any non-robot who ever attempts to enter Chimera.

Players take control of the story's protagonist D-Tritus, a robot who attempts to act friendly with the inhabitants, but soon adapts to the violent lifestyle of Chimera. As the player progresses through the story, the player will get the ability to use D-Tritus' natural skills or take the shapes of other robots or even possess them (called "overwriting" in the game) and use their skills, which vary depending on the robot's shape. Many on-foot missions, inside of the game's primary buildings, will require the player to make use of those skills to progress into the game, many times with the consequence of attracting police attention. In the outside world, the player is capable of using varied types of faster and stronger gunships, acquired through the game, for missions as well as racing and combat not related to the story, with a variety of weapons like missiles, explosive cannons, Tesla coils and anti-matter lasers that often behave like rail guns.

The story begins with D-Tritus Debris, an unknown robot from outer space, arriving to Chimera through the usual check-in process and being assigned as a reporter, the "job no robot wants in the planet". Meeting with his new colleague, the over-active and optimistic Berto, D-Tritus gradually meets the city's inhabitants, like the Crazy Gambler, the local violent sports sponsor, Rusty, a mechanic specialized in building gunships and selling stolen ones (to avoid trouble with the law enforcement), his boss in the Press Room (called "The Boss") and Betty, a seductive robot who's the Boss' fiancée and news anchor for Chimera's television network. He also meets Sebastian, a very old photo camera who transfers D-Tritus his photo shooting program and a special matrix, that allows D-Tritus to either overwrite other robots or take their shapes in a Great Database terminal.

All apparently goes fine with D-Tritus' routine, with him learning combat and racing with the city's inhabitants and his co-colleague Humphrey, until after his first failed interview with the Archbishop of Chimera, who's murdered in his hot tub bath moments after D-Tritus leaves the scene. This normally wouldn't scare the population of Chimera, as, thanks to the resurrection capabilities of the Great Database, murder and combat is quite normal, were not for the fact the Archbishop's matrix was stolen from the Great Database. Put in charge of the case, D-Tritus starts the investigation that is the center of the story, working in all methods to gain clues concerning the matter, like assuming the forms of other robots, including the City Mayor, making part of the violent gangs of Chimera, infiltrating the corrupt Chimera Police Department and the Temple, where resides the Great Database and the Bishops controlling the resurrections, enforcing for the Mayor in his electoral campaign and even participating in Crazy Bets, challenges set by the Crazy Gambler who often gets the player in trouble with the local law enforcement.

With the clues initially appointing to a viscous creature (A Human), D-Tritus dives himself in a conspiracy as he's contacted and guided by Deep Throat, a strange robot who seems to have more information than D-Tritus or others. Soon, as the investigation progresses, he discovers the viscous creature is a fake, it's organic fluids and other features fabricated by a Bishop named Gus as a disguise being used by a robot. Progressively through the story, along with D-Tritus' investigation, the viscous creature scores more victims, like the Chief of Police and the Mayor, murdering them and stealing their matrices to prevent their resurrection. Things turn for the worse when D-Tritus is targeted by the conspirators, who steal his matrix several times and attempt to kill him, either using proxies and Mercenaries or manipulating people like Berto and others in killing him with some unknown form of mind-control.

The investigations take a definitive turn with the arrival of a human to Chimera, a software seller named Bill, who's arrested upon touchdown. Protecting Bill while fighting the conspiracy itself, D-Tritus firstly believes the Crazy Gambler (revealed as the Chief of Bankers in disguise) is the responsible for the murders when he tries to kill him personally, but, after stopping him, he's contacted by Deep Throat to meet him in person. D-Tritus does it, discovering Deep Throat is actually Betty, who's been "helping him in the backstage" all along. With a plan to attract the viscous creature and stop it, D-Tritus, Betty and Berto use a false carcass of the Crazy Gambler to lure him to a cell in the Police Station, but the creature gets away, but not before revealing himself as Humphrey.

Killing Humphrey in a lengthy pursuit, D-Tritus returns to the Press Room to discover his Boss is the de facto mastermind of the conspiracy, who used Humphrey through a mind control program to murder Chimera's influent leaders. He reveals his plan to D-Tritus of using a replica of the Great Database, built through materials D-Tritus himself has collected throughout the story, to mind-control all of Chimera's population and then sets all of Chimera's robots, both on foot and on gunships, against him. Discovering Bill's software is the key to destroying the Boss' mind control machine, the Crazy Gambler, the only robot along with some Mercenaries who weren't affected by the program, secrets Bill to the Press Room as D-Tritus and the Mercenaries fight off Chimera's population and destroy the relay buoys transmitting the mind control program. Bill and D-Tritus succeed as Bill installs his software directly into the Boss' database, freeing Chimera's population and ending the conspiracy. In a last-ditch attempt, the Boss reveals to D-Tritus and the Crazy Gambler that Chimera is the destroyed old world of Earth, that the humans abandoned it after poisoning the planet and waging countless wars, and that they left their nuclear arsenal behind. Determined to trigger all nuclear warheads at once and vaporizing Chimera after reaching a safer distance, the Boss flees to Chimera's orbit, but he's trapped when the Crazy Gambler activates a force field blocking the only accessible exit to outer space, as that area was once used for the Gambler's Super Crazy Bets. D-Tritus teleports himself there and engages the Boss in a violent gunship battle, ultimately killing him. With order restored and Chimera saved, Bill is considered innocent and is freed as D-Tritus and Betty, rescued from the Boss' captivity, rides off to outer space with D-Tritus in the same space bike he used to enter Chimera in the beginning.

According to American McGee, the game was designed and produced by Enrique Alvarez, the studio head at Mercury Steam. McGee refers to himself as a "marketing tool". Alvarez pitched the idea for "Scrapland" to McGee while McGee was working as an executive producer at Enlight.

"Scrapland" received "average" reviews on both platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. "Game Informer" criticized the Xbox version's on-foot sections, "which would appear to be in the game for the sole purpose of annoying people. Scrap indeed." IGN gave the same console version a more positive review, saying "I would have liked to have seen more variety and lateral flexibility in the single-player... Overall, the game's refreshing sense of personality wins out over everything else."

The editors of "Computer Gaming World" nominated "Scrapland" for their 2004 "Action Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "".


</doc>
<doc id="2001209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2001209" title="Ufouria: The Saga">
Ufouria: The Saga

Ufouria: The Saga, known in Japan as , is a side scrolling action-adventure video game developed and published by Sunsoft for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was released in Japan on September 20, 1991, in Europe on November 19, 1992 and in Australia in the same year. It is the first game in the "Hebereke" series with almost every "sequel" being a completely different style of game. Hebereke is the name of the Japanese version's title character, which is colloquial and roughly translates to 'drunk' or 'untrustworthy'. The game was later rereleased in a two-in-one Sony PlayStation game, "Memorial Series Sunsoft Vol.5", which also included "Raf World" (known outside Japan as "Journey to Silius"). In 2010, "Ufouria: The Saga" was rated by the Australian OFLC, implying a future rerelease. It has been confirmed that this game would be released on the Wii Virtual Console in the PAL region on July 2, 2010 and as an import in North America on August 23, 2010.

The games design is in the style of "Metroid" and "Blaster Master" where the player traverses an uninterrupted game world collecting items and power-ups enabling the player to reach even more locations, fighting bosses and minibosses. Throughout the game the player locates the main character's three friends who each have unique skills. The game allows the player to switch between the characters at any time to utilise their skills when needed.

The game sports bright characters and graphics that are typically Japanese in design, done in the style of "Bomberman", "Kirby" and particularly "Hello Kitty".

As a result of the limited release of English versions of the NES game, it has become quite in demand, and is considered a sought after item by collectors.

Bop-Louie and his friends live in a world named "Ufouria", The characters stumble upon a crater, into which his friends fall. Bop-Louie climbs in, but suddenly blanks out. He finds out that he must find all three of his other friends, all of which suffer from amnesia and take on Bop-Louie as a threat.

Each time Bop-Louie locates one of his friends, the player must battle them in an attempt to help them regain their memory. Once all four are back together the game revolves around collecting keys to open a gate. Unyo the alien will then battles the player to the death with a giant hovering robot, that looks like him, connected to him.

Long ago, Peace was in their world, now to this day, there's such a big war. The battle is involving around the world, because the space-time is so twisted, The world started to collapse.

All of the heroes are due to go and fight, They fell to the cleft of time and space. To all who are in grief, he eventually cares, now he decided to begin the adventure from their original home to their world.

Somewhere in this world, The Hero, known as Hebereke, must find his three other colleagues: O-Chan, Sukezaemon, and Jennifer are hiding. So to survive in this weird world, you must find your friends, determine the skills of your team, and all three must venture into this magical world. To fight against an alien mastermind named Unyo!

"Ufouria" is the title of the game when released in PAL regions. The game had some alterations;

Hebe (Bop-Louie)

O-Chan (Freeon-Leon in Ufouria)

Sukezaemon (Shades In Ufouria)

Jennifer (Gil in Ufouria)




</doc>
<doc id="2004444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2004444" title="Universal Combat">
Universal Combat

Universal Combat (sometimes abbreviated to UC) is the second video game series by the developer 3000AD and is the successor of the "Battlecruiser" series of games.

"Universal Combat" offers the player a very large game world to play in using varying forms of transport and combat. The player can pilot spaceships of varying sizes, as well as land on and explore planets. On land, they can drive varying land craft. The size of the playing area is seen as one of the game's main attractions, where traveling from place to place can take considerable quantities of time as there is no time compression. The game has a high learning curve that is daunting for newer players.

Every crew member aboard the player ship is tracked in location, hunger, AI level, and fatigue. Every system on board the player's starship can be monitored and controlled. In order for the player to fly a shuttle, they must first take time to walk through the ship to the shuttle bay, forcing the player to plan ahead for tactical encounters.

The project began as early as 2000 when Derek Smart announced that he had licensed Croteam's Serious Sam game engine for "Project ABC", for "After Battlecruiser", as replacement for the Battlecruiser Tactical Engagement add-on module intended for Battlecruiser Millennium. The game's scheduled release date was in late 2001, developed for PC and Xbox.

Development started in late 2001 as "Battlecruiser Generations", the 5th game in the Battlecruiser series. As part of its design, the upcoming game was intended to make use of newer technology. With a new publisher, DreamCatcher Games, on board and offering more oversight, the direction of the game changed towards more action-based gameplay than the Battlecruiser series had previously been known for. The changes warranted a new title, and the name was changed to "Universal Combat".

"Universal Combat" was not ready in time for the 2003 holidays, despite expectations. It was shipped in early 2004 by the publisher, DreamCatcher Interactive, at half of the originally announced price. Smart pursued legal action against his publisher. A cease and desist letter was issued on behalf of 3000AD to DreamCatcher alleging, among other things, that the price reduction was "clearly calculated to inflict economic harm on 3000AD". In the hearing, DreamCatcher Interactive claimed that the game's quality did not justify a midrange price, citing the graphics as an example of the overall quality of the game. A hearing was held to determine if DreamCatcher would be prevented from shipping the title at the reduced price. The presiding judge denied the injunction, stating that 3000AD "made bold but unsupported assertions regarding the irreparable harm to it", allowing DreamCatcher Interactive to ship the game and 3000AD to proceed with their lawsuit. The matter was later settled out of court under undisclosed terms.

In 2005, 3000AD, Inc. also announced termination of DreamCatcher's publishing right for Universal Combat, but the deal expired on 18 December 2007.

When 3000AD announced they would release the game as freeware, the company reported it had told DreamCatcher to initiate a DIF (Destroy In Field) order to its various retailers so that the remaining copies can no longer be sold, and any unsold copies would be filed as losses in Q4 2007.

After terminating a publishing deal with DreamCatcher Interactive, Smart released an updated release titled "Universal Combat Gold". Starting with this release, Smart has made a policy of releasing games through online resellers.

In 2005, Turner Broadcasting licensed both Battlecruiser Millennium and Universal Combat Gold for their games-on-demand system, GameTap.

Full localization supports Russian, French, Italian, German, and Spanish languages. Additional custom language interfaces are possible.
"Universal Combat - A World Apart" is a sequel to the original "Universal Combat" games.

The game was originally announced on 18 November 2004 as an expansion pack for "Universal Combat", which would feature newer and more advanced technologies found in the then-upcoming "Universal Combat - Hostile Intent" and "Galactic Command Online".

DreamCatcher Interactive originally announced the publication of "Universal Combat: A World Apart" in May 2005, but several issues with the publisher (DreamCatcher) held up the boxed retail release of the title, and led to the termination of the publishing agreement. As a result, the publishing rights reverted to 3000AD Inc.

As a result of the termination, the boxed version of the game was not released, and the developer also removed DreamCatcher-created content from the retail game.

Although the game had switched to DirectX 9, graphics improvements only began in this edition. The audio engine was also based on FMOD, starting in the v1.00.11 patch.

A compilation release that includes all previous Universal Combat games, plus all outstanding updates and fixes.

Terrain rendering engine now uses improved texturing technologies such as high resolution textures support, reflections, volumetric clouds. Multiplayer and audio engine are also improved.

New scenarios include:

Total scenarios now 58 Instant Action scenarios, 5 Campaign Mode scenarios ('A Fragile Hope', playable from the perspective of the Commander career; 'Way Of The Titans', playable from the perspective of the Commander and Elite Force Pilot careers; 'A World Apart : Episode 1', playable from the perspective of the Commander and Elite Force Pilot careers; 'A World Apart Episode 2', playable from the perspective of the Commander and Elite Force Pilot careers).

In addition to the standalone title, a version exists as expansion pack to the "Universal Combat - A World Apart" game, which only works with Direct2Drive version of the game.
In December 2006, Smart announced a collectors' edition consisting of his "Battlecruiser" and "Universal Combat" games.

The Collectors' Edition consists of a compilation that includes all previously published "Universal Combat" and "Battlecruiser" games running on improved versions of the "Universal Combat Special Edition" game engine. Unlike previous releases, it is distributed via DVD, and Windows 98 and 2000 are no longer supported.

"Universal Combat Collectors' Edition v2.0" is an updated version "Collectors' Edition", that uses game engine from Galactic Command: Echo Squad Second Edition. Multiplayer support is no longer functional. A free upgrade to v2.0 was available for existing owners of "Collectors' Edition" until 1 January 2010.


The game was reviewed and rated in several print and online game magazines. Metacritic gave it an aggregate review score of 54%. GameSpot scored it 59% and said "This wildly ambitious simulation is torpedoed by an almost incomprehensible interface, the absence of a tutorial, numerous bugs, and many fit and finish issues, including dated production values." 
"Universal Combat" was criticized for an unfamiliar interface and voluminous documentation (a manual of over 100 pages, 200-page downloadable appendix, and 80-page downloadable tutorial).

"Universal Combat - A World Apart" was rated 54% by GameRankings and 48% by Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="2005389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2005389" title="Armed and Dangerous (video game)">
Armed and Dangerous (video game)

Armed and Dangerous is a 2003 video game created by Planet Moon Studios and released by LucasArts. It is a third-person action-adventure shooter which parodies both other games and several other media such as "The Lord of the Rings", "Star Wars", and "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", using humorous in-game dialogue and cutscenes. The game features known actors and voice actors such as Brian George as main hero Roman, Jeff Bennett, John Mariano and Pat Fraley as his sidekicks Jonesy, Rexus and Q (respectively) and Tony Jay as villain King Forge.

"Armed and Dangerous" is a third-person shooter action game, the camera hovering behind Roman, the player character, at all times. The game is played mostly on foot, with most levels incorporating usable gun emplacements, although there are some base defense levels where the player is inside a movable gun turret mounted on rails on top of a defensive wall; these levels are played in first-person.

Playable weaponry and equipment in Armed and Dangerous is a mix of shooter staples, including bolt-action and sniper rifles, submachine guns and rocket launchers, but also more unusual fare like the 'Land Shark Gun', which fires into the ground a rapidly maturing infant Land Shark, a creature that 'swims' through the earth, seeking out and devouring enemies. Other unusual devices include a miniature black hole, a gas grenade that turns enemies against each other, and a device that temporarily reverses gravity, causing enemies to 'fall' into the sky and literally turning the world upside-down before the device shuts down, returning gravity to normal and returning affected enemies to earth, killing them by the fall. Apart from weaponry, some of the later levels equip the player with a jet pack, allowing flight over moderate distances.

The game received "generally favorable reviews" on both platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

On November 28, 2007, Microsoft released the backward compatibility update for the Xbox 360 which allows Xbox 360 owners to play the Xbox disc version of Armed and Dangerous.

On June 10, 2019, Microsoft announced the ending of the backward compatibility program for the Xbox One for both Xbox Original and 360 titles. Armed and Dangerous were among the last batch of Xbox Original titles made compatible on the Xbox One system.

The ending of the backward compatibility program is to add more focus on the upcoming new Xbox "Project Scarlet" as well as backward compatibility for the new system including Original, 360 and One titles, so Armed and Dangerous will be playable on all 4 generations of Xbox.

Along with the June 10 announcement, Armed and Dangerous was added to the Xbox Marketplace available as a digital download for Xbox 360, Xbox One and the upcoming "Project Scarlet". All disc versions of the game will also be playable on all systems.



</doc>
<doc id="2006409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2006409" title="Doom 64">
Doom 64

Doom 64 is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by Midway Games. It was released for Nintendo 64 in 1997 as a sequel to "Doom II", and will be re-released for Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in March 2020.

"Doom 64" plays similarly to earlier games in the "Doom" series; the player must advance through 32 levels battling demons, collecting weapons and keys, and activating switches in order to reach the level's exit while surviving deadly ambushes and traps. Changes were made to the "Doom" engine for use in "Doom 64", and gameplay elements were altered.

All the weapons from "Doom II" are present, but redrawn with new sprites and sound effects. The chainsaw has two blades instead of one, the fists have bloodstained gloves instead of brass knuckles, the plasma gun has an electric core that emits a sparking sound when equipped, the rocket launcher has a small kick when fired, pushing the player back slightly, the shotgun's priming handle is at the grip instead of under the barrel, and the double-barreled "Super" shotgun reloads faster and causes recoil.

A new weapon known as the Laser, or "Unmaker", was added, using the same cell ammunition as the plasma gun and BFG 9000. It was first mentioned in the "Doom Bible" and was planned to be featured in the PC "Doom" games, but never appeared. Its appearance in "Doom 64" is its only official appearance. With the power of three ancient artifacts found in the game, it becomes more powerful by shooting three laser beams (at a quicker rate than default) instead of one. The first artifact increases the laser speed, the second artifact adds a second laser, and the third artifact allows the weapon to fire three simultaneous lasers which can automatically aim separately from one another, allowing the weapon to attack three different enemies at once.

Following the conclusion of the original "Doom "series, the sole Marine who survived the horrors of Hell returned to Earth, reclaiming it from the invasion that almost eradicated the human race. Demons still lingered within the abandoned halls and complexes of Phobos and Deimos. As a last-ditch effort, the military decided to bombard the moons with extreme radiation in hopes of killing off any remaining demons. It was initially successful, however, something survived the exposure. The radiation blocked the military's sensors, and allowed something to slip past them undetected. This mysterious entity, possessing the ability to resurrect any demon it came across, recreated the entire demonic horde and made it stronger than ever before. A Marine strike force was ordered to contain the advancing armies of Hell, but was mercilessly slaughtered within moments. The player's character is the sole survivor of this group.

"Doom 64" was developed by Midway Games at its San Diego studio. id Software, the primary developer of the "Doom" franchise, supervised the project. Development began in late 1994. Midway's original title of the game was "The Absolution", however the name was changed to "Doom 64" for brand recognition ("The Absolution" was reused as the name of the last level in the game). Midway wanted to include every demon from the original games, as well as a few extra levels, into the final product, but deadlines and memory constraints of the small capacity of the N64 cartridges made them scrap the levels and leave a few demons out of the game. Midway stated that a multiplayer mode was not included because Nintendo did not provide the necessary resources for multiplayer programming. The developer justified the decision based on alleged slowdown during split-screen multiplayer in other games on the console and the competitive nature of the mode. "Everyone knows that the best part of playing multiplayer is not knowing where your opponent is," stated a Midway representative, "and with a four-player split-screen, everyone can easily see where their opponents are."

The environments were built from 3-dimensional polygon models, while the enemies were created by pre-rendering sprites with SGI workstations. The Nightmare Imp was originally developed for the PlayStation version of "Doom" and appeared in a near-complete beta of the game, but was removed just prior to release for unknown reasons. As such, it made its debut in "Doom 64" instead.

"Doom 64" was slated to be a North American launch title, but near the deadline id Software expressed dissatisfaction with many of the level designs, so Midway postponed the game until April 1997 while they worked on redesigning the levels. Nintendo's then-recent decision to remove the ability to run over animals from the Nintendo 64 version of "Cruis'n USA" raised concerns about the possibility of "Doom 64" being censored, but Midway vice president of software Mike Abbot said Nintendo had not voiced any concerns about the game's violent content. He pointed out that "Cruis'n USA" was perceived by the public as a family game, while the "Doom" series was targeted towards mature gamers, making violent content less of a concern.

The music and sound effects were composed by Aubrey Hodges, who also created the original sound effects and music for the PlayStation port of "Doom" two years earlier. The original "Doom 64" team was working on a potential sequel titled "Doom Absolution" designed only for two-player deathmatches not long after the first game was released, but decided to scrap it. Because id Software were impressed with their work on "Doom 64", they were assigned to the Nintendo 64 version of "Quake" at this time, and this presumably kept them too busy to work on other projects.

Midway Home Entertainment shipped "Doom 64" on March 29, 1997, for release on April 4.

By the time "Doom 64" was released, the original "Doom" had received ports on nearly every platform capable of running it. Critics agreed that "Doom 64" was by far the best-looking "Doom" to date, exceeding even the PC version, and were enthusiastic about the level designs, deeming them imaginative and much more challenging than those of the original "Doom". A "Next Generation" critic remarked that "even the most skillful "Doom" fans will have their hands full. And pushing door switches often causes whole rooms to rearrange and fold out into new shapes."

However, most reviewers felt that the new graphics and levels were not enough to keep the game from feeling like yet another port of the original "Doom". Peer Schneider of "IGN" concluded, "Make no mistake about it, this is the best update to "Doom" so far -- but if you've played the PC, PSX, SNES, Mac, Saturn, etc versions to death, you can do without this one." "GamePro" disagreed with the majority on this point, stating that ""Doom 64" pumps the tried-and-true corridor-shooter formula full of life, with another challenging, intense experience that showcases the system's capabilities." They rated it a perfect 5.0 out of 5 in all four categories (graphics, sound, control, and funfactor). Shawn Smith of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" instead regarded the lack of advancements in the basic "Doom" gameplay as a positive: "Some of you may want to see your space Marine jumping around or swimming underwater. Purists wouldn't want these features added because "Doom" wasn't about that stuff. I'll have to agree with the purists."

Most critics praised the game's musical score for its atmospheric effect. Schneider and "GamePro" were both pleased with how well the analog control works, but Jeff Gerstmann of "GameSpot" felt it was off and said of the game overall, "On paper, "Doom 64" sounds better than the original could ever hope to be, but the end result feels more like a bastardization of the original." Comparing it to contemporary Nintendo 64 shooter "", Schneider and "GamePro" both remarked that "Doom 64" has less freedom of exploration and depth of control, but is more intense and "anxiety-filled".

In the following years, "Doom 64" has garnered a cult following from fans, with Patrick Klepek from "Kotaku" labelling it as the most underrated "Doom" game.

Bethesda Softworks announced a re-release of "Doom 64" for the Nintendo Switch in a Nintendo Direct on September 4, 2019, to release on November 22, 2019 with Nightdive Studios handling the port. In October 8, 2019, the re-release was delayed to March 20, 2020, along with "Doom Eternal". The "Doom 64" re-release will be included as a pre-order bonus of all versions of "Doom Eternal".


</doc>
<doc id="2008127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2008127" title="Mount &amp; Blade">
Mount &amp; Blade

Mount & Blade is a medieval action role-playing game for Microsoft Windows, developed by the Turkish company TaleWorlds, and published by the Swedish company Paradox Interactive.

"Mount & Blade" initially received a mixed critical reception overall. Reviewers praised the game for its innovative combat mechanics, complex character skill system, and large modding community, but also criticized it for its repetitive quests, dialogues, and locations, as well as low graphics quality.

A standalone expansion, "", was released in March 2010, and a spin-off stand-alone expansion, "", based on the historical novel "With Fire and Sword", was released in May 2011. As of 2015, the series sold over 6million units. A sequel, "," is currently in production.

"Mount & Blade" is a single-player, action-oriented role-playing game without any fantasy elements, which takes place in a medieval land named Calradia. The game features a sandbox gameplay style, in which there is no storyline present. The player is able to join one of the five battling factions, fight as a mercenary, assume the role of an outlaw, or take a neutral side.

At the start of the game, the player is offered a set of options to customize the character. The player answers a series of multiple-choice questions about the character's past, including sex, which generate the character's initial attributes. Then the player has the option to sculpt their character's facial features.

Traveling to other locations, or interacting with other parties is done by point and clicking the desired destination. Upon encountering enemy parties, the player can try to avoid a conflict, or can engage in a battle with them. In "Mount & Blade" each battle is attributed a renown value, according to the number and power of the members of each party. The player gains the renown if he or she wins the battle. With increased renown, the player achieves higher standing in the game and may be offered vassalage by the leaders of one of the five factions. By becoming a vassal, the player is given control over a certain fief, which he or she can manage and collect taxes from. By solving quests or defeating opponents the player is awarded experience points, which can be used to improve attributes, skills, and weapon proficiencies to further develop the character. Weapon proficiencies can also be improved over time by inflicting damage on other opponents.

There are four main areas where battles take place: on the open map when two or more hostile parties meet, in tournaments organized in town arenas, in siege combat where the player is either defending or attacking a fortification, or in settlements after a triggering event (e.g. a village is infested by bandits, guards catch the player sneaking into a hostile settlement, the player is ambushed, villagers rebel while the player is collecting taxes, or the player plunders a village). The number of soldiers each party can hold is limited by the "leadership" skill and the renown of the leader. Participants in a battle can be either mounted or on foot. The player has to indicate the direction in which he or she wants to swing by moving the mouse accordingly, unless they have changed the options so that the game automatically chooses it for them. Aiming with a ranged weapon is also done by using the mouse.

Damage is dealt depending on multiple factors. Aside from each weapon's quality, its effectiveness is also influenced by the character's skill with that type of weapon, and the speed of the player relative to the target: for example, a javelin thrown while running or riding a horse will be potentially more damaging than a javelin thrown while standing still. Further, weapons have certain ranges where they are minimally and maximally effective, which gives the different weapon types different playing styles. A spear, for instance, will do minimal damage when used on an enemy very close to the player, where a hammer could cause maximum damage.

"Mount & Blade" has a very minimal plot, most of which is up to the player. Although certain things are constant, such as towns and kings, the player's own story is chosen at character creation, where the player can be, for example, a child of an impoverished noble or a street urchin. This has little impact besides starting skills and dialogue (e.g. a lord may treat the player better if they are a nobleman rather than a steppe child.) Player choices also make an impact on dialogue; if the player spends time raiding caravans, a lord may treat them as criminals, as opposed to a player who spends time doing tasks for a king or trading items. There is no overarching storyline, however, so the player is left to their own devices.

The game originated as an independent project of Armağan Yavuz, founder of TaleWorlds, and his wife, İpek Yavuz. According to Armağan Yavuz, the game's inspirations include "Sid Meier's Pirates!", "", "", and older Koei strategy video games such as "Genghis Khan", as well as historical fiction novels, particularly those by Bernard Cornwell.

Prior to its retail release, beta versions of the game were published on the developer's website beginning in 2004. The game was made available on Steam on September 30, 2008.

Paradox Interactive lost the "Mount & Blade" license on January 31, 2014.

"Mount & Blade" received "mixed or average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. Reviewers acknowledged the game's potential, but also said it suffers from poor production values. GameSpot concluded that the game "feels more underdeveloped than it does flat-out bad", and "Eurogamer" made a similar review, saying that "Mount & Blade" has "foundations [...] for something really quite special, but in its current state the game is nowhere close to delivering on its promises". The game also received more positive reviews, IGN saying that it may be "the best game about medieval life ever made", while "TechAdvisor" called it "the first, great medieval role-playing game".
Combat has been one of the game's most widely appreciated elements. Critics like "Eurogamer", GameSpot, IGN and "TechAdvisor" praised it, describing it as one of the best implementations of medieval combat ever created. Not all reviewers agreed on the quality of the combat system; "PC Zone" criticized it, claiming that melee combat feels random in its effectiveness on both foot and horseback. The complexity and thoroughness of the character skill system was also well received.

"Mount & Blade" has received negative criticism for its repetitive quests, dialogues, and locations, as well as poor graphics quality. "Eurogamer" said the graphics engine "does little to entice you deep enough", and GameSpot said that conversations with NPCs feel more like "consulting a travel guidebook for Calradia than actually speaking to a human being".

The fandom has received positive attention from both developers and critics. During an interview, TaleWorlds declared itself to be "most proud" of its community, considering that ""Mount & Blade" has arguably some of the best mods developed for a computer game". Reviewers such as "GamePro" and Game Industry News also admired the number of mods made available for the beta versions even before the game's official retail release.
Paradox produced a standalone expansion for the game, titled "", which includes multiplayer support with up to 250 players as well as improved diplomacy, graphics and artificial intelligence. "Warband" also has an updated map and a sixth faction. The expansion was set to be released in Q3 2009, but was delayed until March 2010. Closed beta testing began on August 2009, and became open in February 2010, before the sequel's release on March 30, 2010.

Paradox released a spin-off titled "", based on the historical novel "With Fire and Sword" (Polish: "Ogniem i Mieczem") by Henryk Sienkiewicz, developed by Snowberry Connection, Sich Studio, and TaleWorlds Entertainment. The game is set in Eastern Europe, and includes the playable factions Poland–Lithuania, Cossack Hetmanate, Russia, Sweden and the Crimean Khanate. The game was released on May 4, 2011.

A sequel, "Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord", was announced in September 2012. In an interview with "PC Gamer", a TaleWorlds producer confirmed that there would be a prequel to the original game "Mount & Blade". A Turkish documentary featured footage of what would be seen as early alpha footage of the upgraded engine. Over time, Taleworlds had released Work in Progress screenshots of "Bannerlord".



</doc>
<doc id="2011001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2011001" title="Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords">
Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords

Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords is a 4X turn-based strategy by Stardock for Microsoft Windows. It is the sequel to the original "Galactic Civilizations" (in turn based on the OS/2 games "Galactic Civilizations" and "Galactic Civilizations 2"), and was released at retail and on Stardock's online subscription service, TotalGaming.net, on February 21, 2006. An expansion, "", was released in February 2007. A second expansion, "", was released in April 2008.

"Dread Lords" is set in the 23rd century, when multiple alien civilizations, including Terrans, scramble to conquer the galaxy, planet by planet, by force, diplomacy, influence (culture), or technology. "Dread Lords" focuses on the single player experience that consists of a Campaign mode and a "Sandbox" mode, and omits multiplayer. The game is notable for its artificial intelligence, which is challenging without being given resources and abilities not available to the player, as is common in the majority of strategy games. The game was a modest commercial success, and it was received favorably by critics, winning multiple Editor's Choice awards. Stardock also opted for a rather unusual distribution strategy that lacks copy prevention, and allowed for extensive modding by the community.

A sequel, titled "Galactic Civilizations III" was announced by Stardock on October 15, 2013. A pre-release version was made available through Steam in March 2014, which allowed customers to play the game while it is still in development. The sequel was the first game in the series to feature multiplayer and used hex-based game tiles. The full version of the game was released in May 2015. The game's first expansion, titled Mercenaries, was released in February 2016.

The story of "Galactic Civilizations II" and the back plot of the ingame universe it inhabits is based on a series of short stories written by Stardock CEO Brad Wardell.

A powerful, highly advanced civilization, remembered in legend as the "Precursors", colonized much of the galaxy thousands of years ago. As younger specimens throughout the galaxy began to develop the beginnings of their own primitive civilizations, it led to a philosophical rift within Precursor society, splitting it into two factions. The Arnor faction wanted to guide the younger civilizations toward enlightenment. The Dread Lord faction wanted to exterminate them.

This dispute erupted into a catastrophic civil war. The Dread Lords came close to destroying the Arnor in the war's final battle. However, before the final blow was struck, the Dread Lords and the Arnor both mysteriously vanished.

The younger civilizations eventually began to explore the galaxy on their own but their progress was slow. The first wave of exploration was made possible after the invention of stargates. A stargate was expensive to build and would only transport a ship to another stargate, which first had to be constructed at the destination.

The youngest civilization, Humanity, obtained plans for the construction of a stargate after the Arcean civilization initiated first contact with them. Human scientists realized that, with the inclusion of a fusion power source, the technology behind the stargates could be modified to create a hyperdrive engine. Hyperdrive allowed starships to travel great distances on their own.

With the entire galaxy now within easy reach, the major space-traveling civilizations began a race to explore, colonize and, in some cases, conquer the galaxy. Armies were mobilized, fleets of warships were built and the galaxy was once again on the verge of total war. As the younger civilizations prepared themselves for the coming conflict, the Dread Lords began to return.

The player must guide Humanity's actions as they attempt to prevent Precursor technology from being discovered by their enemies, fight a galactic war between the major powers and survive the onslaught of the genocidal Dread Lords.

The game is played in what is known as a "sandbox" galaxy mode, where the objective is to achieve victory over AI opponents in one of four ways - military conquest, cultural domination, universal alliance or technological supremacy. The sandbox analogy represents the free-form style of playing, where the player is free to develop the game however he/she chooses. This "sandbox" may be customized in terms of galaxy size, planet habitability and similar features as well as difficulty of the opposition. The game also includes a story-driven campaign, featuring the titular "Dread Lords".

The game has 10 playable preset civilizations, and also allows the user to create a custom civilization. Eight of the preset civilizations return from the original "Galactic Civilizations" game and its expansion: the Terran Alliance, the Yor Collective, the Drengin Empire, the Altarian Republic, the Drath Legion, the Torian Confederation, the Dominion of the Korx, and the Arcean Empire. The other two preset civilizations are new: the Iconian Refuge and the Thalan Empire. Minor civilizations (which do not factor into winning conditions, and have a weaker AI), such as the sentient rodent-like Snathi, can also appear in the game.

Each preset civilization has a distinct combination of AI, personality, and built-in advantages. The Korx, for instance, focus on money, and thus have an economic bonus. The Terrans are excellent diplomats, the Drengins have superb ships and soldiers, the Torese have fast population growth, and the Yor have very loyal populations.

One criticism of the original "Galactic Civilizations" was its lack of ship design features. New ships simply became available when the appropriate technology was researched to create them. "Galactic Civilizations II" includes a highly configurable 3D ship design editor. Technological research now unlocks components that players use to create their own custom ship designs in 3D from a variety of hull bases. The users' ships are rendered in real time and shown on both the main screen and in fleet battles. Other than component selection, the design of a ship has no effect on its combat abilities, since tactical combat is not a feature of the game.

Every ship is designed around a particular class of hull - tiny, small, cargo, medium, large and huge - and has a predetermined number of hit points and capacity. Each ship component takes up a certain amount of space. Technological advances can lead to enhanced components that take up less space (but which typically cost more to construct). Existing ships may be upgraded to use these new components, although it is often cheaper to use them as cannon fodder and replace them with newer ships.

There are three types of paired "offense-defense" combinations:

Defenses work best against the offensive weapon with which they are matched. A defense mechanism used against a mismatched attack is diminished to the square root of the defense value (with a minimum of 1). For example, nine units of shield defenses would afford the same protection as only three units of armor when used to defend against mass drivers.

Engines are another component, and become available in increasing power/size ratios with later research. Several extra components available at all times include sensors, life support (for extra range), colonization, and construction modules. Each component may be added multiple times with summing effect; a player could create a fast long-range fighter with two lasers, two ion engines, a support module, and a shield.

A wide variety of non-functional components ("jewelry") such as wings, pylons, wheel structures, and lights may be added for artistic purposes. These take up no space and cost nothing to build. There are several sets of jewelry, one of which is assigned to each civilization, though the player is not restricted to choosing from these.

"Galactic Civilizations II" is powered by a custom 3D game engine, although most user interface elements are displayed in 2D. Planets and ships are restricted to a single plane in space, but the user may pan and zoom as they wish, even to view the details of individual ships. Players may zoom out to view the galactic map on a wide scale, at which point the ships, planets and anomalies are replaced by icons. It is possible to play the game in this mode.

The player's ship designs are tested in full-screen fleet battles in an environment separate from the main screen. The battles are not user-directed, but it is possible to watch from several viewpoints and fast-forward and reverse through them. Planetary invasions are dealt with separately, depending on a combination of general technology, soldiering ability, quantity of forces available to each side, and optional methods of attack (which tend to provide advantages at the cost of decreasing planetary quality or destroying planetary improvements).

A major focus of "Galactic Civilizations II" is the artificial intelligence of its opponents, due in part to the deliberate omission of multiplayer in favor of the single-player experience. The game offers 12 levels of AI intelligence for opponent civilizations. Full AI capability is granted at the 7th level ("intelligent"). Levels 1 through 6 implement less sophisticated strategies/counter-strategies and (except for level 6) are hindered by economic handicaps. Levels 8 through 12 are aided by economic advantages and other bonuses.

The AI also makes use of technological developments to design ships of its own. At higher difficulty levels these ships are tailored to the opposition, so players sending fleets of laser-armed ships may find them repulsed by shielded defenders, while those preferring to employ mass drivers will find that they come up against heavily armored opposition instead.

Stardock has changed the AI's capabilities with various updates.

In the original "Galactic Civilizations", planets were part of a star system, and located in the same square. In "Galactic Civilizations II", each planet (or colony) is a completely separate entity in space. Moreover, planets may now only have a limited number of improvements built upon them. A planet's class determines the number of improvement tiles that are available for building. There are improvements to aid manufacturing, research, planetary influence, morale, and the economy, as well as several "wonder"-style improvements similar to those popularized by the "Civilization" series of games.

Certain technologies allow the unlocking of extra tiles, a feature that allows more advanced civilizations to make better use of a low-quality planet. Planets may be focused on military production or research, allowing the creation of military outposts or research bases. In addition, a proportion of tiles offer bonuses for manufacturing, research, agriculture, influence or morale improvements built upon them.

The necessity of customizing planetary improvements (which is a big part of the game) can be an increased burden on the player. To help with this, the game offers an auto-update system that can automatically upgrade any available planetary improvements as new technology becomes available.

The largest departure made by "Galactic Civilizations II" from other 4X games is its economic system, which is very different from the systems used in most strategy games. Typically, 4X strategy games receive money based on a tax rate or based on the income of specific tiles in use by a city or planet. "Civilization IV" uses this system, and most other 4X strategy games use a variant of it. These incomes are increased by economic structures and sometimes by population, and the profit made off this economic income is used to pay maintenance fees and rush-build units. "Galactic Civilizations II" adds another layer of complexity by requiring that the income of an empire is used to pay for all forms of production. In order to produce one unit of product, be it research or manufacturing, the player must pay credits (usually in denominations of a Billion Credits, or BC). It is therefore critical that the player balances the economic income of their empire with their industrial output, and not just with the maintenance of their empire. If the player does not have the economy required to support an industrial planet, then they will have to spend at a deficit, and if the player does not correct their economy, they will eventually go broke. This stands in stark contrast to the Civilization series, where industrial output has nothing to do with the player's economic income.

At random times throughout the game, though commonly in colonizing new planets, the player is presented with ethical choices in the form of events where a wide-ranging decision needs to be made. Typically the good choice will cost the player something (either directly or indirectly). Conversely, the evil choice can bring benefits, albeit at the expense of other civilizations or the player's own population. A neutral choice is also presented as a compromise. To keep the game's ethics uncontroversial, the choices are made very clear-cut.

For example, one random event involves the creation of a super-serum that can enhance soldiers' performance at the expense of decreasing the life expectancy of those who take it. The player may forbid its use and destroy all of the research at government's expense (good), only allow it to be used by those who volunteer (neutral), or require all army recruits to take it (evil). In this case, the "loss" of the good choice is mostly an opportunity cost in terms of the foregone advantage.

The main advantage to making good choices comes in diplomacy with other civilizations; good civilizations are more picky about interacting with evil civilizations than evil ones are with good ones. In addition, once the "Xeno Ethics" technology is researched, it is possible to "pick" one of the three alignments, which grants access to various bonuses and improvements. Picking an alignment other than that already established by the player's actions costs significant amounts of money.

Some random events affect not only individual civilizations, but also the entire galaxy. These galaxy-wide events can upset the balance of power, transform weak civilizations into powerful ones, lead to wars between allies and even result in chaos. In one event, a civilization unearths an archeological relic that will eventually transform them into "god-like" beings. Some events can spawn devastating pirate fleets across the galaxy or triple one civilization's influence. Others are more benign, with all civilizations experiencing a short-term economic boom, or a "wave of xenophobia" (usually triggered by prolonged warfare) that halts tourism.

A late addition to the original "Galactic Civilizations" game, starbases are a central component in "Galactic Civilizations II". There are four main types of starbases:

All four kinds of starbases may also be upgraded with defensive capabilities. The AI is more than willing to make its own starbases, and may take exception to the player building them too close to the AI's planets.

When designing a custom civilization, the player is given a set of points that can be allocated to various bonus abilities. These bonuses cover most game mechanics - it is possible to make a civilization with highly militant and loyal researchers, or with influential and highly prolific diplomats.

At the beginning of the game, the player chooses one of eight political parties, each with its own advantages. These advantages are cumulative with the civilizations bonuses, so they may be used to cement an established advantage, or to shore up a potential weakness. However, these bonuses are only preserved as long as the player's party stays in power, which depends on keeping morale up (generally above 50%). If the player loses an election they do not lose control of the game, only the bonuses previously granted. In addition, the bonus of the party currently in power (if you are not) is applied as a penalty to your civilization instead. Morale also has an effect on reported population, and thus on tax revenue, so it is important not to tax for short-term gain.

The player can eventually research advanced forms of government that grant significant bonuses to the economy and social production. However, it becomes increasingly harder to keep morale up while progressing from an imperial government to a republic, democracy or galactic federation.

The United Planets is a council formed of all major civilizations in the galaxy that regularly convenes to make decisions. The number of votes a civilization has in the council depends on their influence, which is partially a factor of population, but which is also affected by planetary improvements and civilization bonuses (among other factors). The United Planets does not "usually" have a great effect on the game, but some of the propositions — for example, the transfer of unique researched technologies, or the imposition of a certain governmental system — can be extremely destabilizing if passed. The player does have the option of permanently leaving the United Planets, but at the expense of losing all trade revenue.

Diplomacy is a key part of the game. Players — both human and AI — may trade technology, starbases, ships, planets, and trade goods (unique improvements built by one civilization that provide a bonus to those obtaining them). Negotiation skill is an important factor which varies with inherent civilization bonuses and research; it can be possible to gain a significant technological advantage through careful trading with less sophisticated civilizations.

Each civilization has customized text used during negotiation that signifies their current relations with the player. Relations depend on a number of factors, including current trade, relative ethical alignment, belligerence, military might and past actions. AI players may decide to initiate technology trades or demand tribute from the player, or to warn them of perceived threats.

Upon release, "Galactic Civilizations II" received positive reviews from GameSpot, GameSpy, and IGN. The overall critical reception was highly positive, awarding an average score of 87%.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" presented "Galactic Civilizations II" with their 2006 "Best AI" and "Best Independent Game" awards, and named it the year's sixth-best computer game overall. They wrote, ""Galactic Civilizations II" may not lead to a resurgence of space conquest games, but as long as it's available, the renaissance can wait."

Ten days after its launch, "Galactic Civilizations II" had matched the lifetime sales of its predecessor, with 75,000 copies sold. According to Stardock's CEO Brad Wardell, as of March 2008, Galactic Civilizations II has sold around 300,000 copies in total, bringing in an eight-figure revenue, on a development budget of less than $1 million.

Stardock has not instituted any stringent or cumbersome copy prevention schemes in accordance with what its CEO Wardell has defined as the Gamer's Bill of Rights.

The game's CD contains no copy prevention and there is no requirement to have the disc loaded into the computer to play the game. Stardock's anti-piracy plan is that players must complete product activation with a valid serial number before they may receive any of the several game updates. Serial numbers can be used multiple times and the company owner, Brad Wardell, has stated that they are taking an approach based on the view that people who install the game illegally were unlikely to purchase it anyway.

Reselling copies of the game is against Stardock's license terms. Resold/used copies will not be supported, meaning that the buyer of a used copy cannot download game updates.

Copies of the game purchased from Stardock's online store use product activation before the game can be played. The game can only be installed and activated a limited number of times before needing to contact support. Installing on a computer without an internet connection require the files to be downloaded into an archive on another computer, and an activation data blob emailed to Stardock; a signature file is returned to be used on the activated computer.

On November 21, 2015 "Galactic Civilizations II: Ultimate Edition" was released DRM-free and without product activation on the digital distribution website gog.com.

On March 5, 2006, a StarForce employee publicly posted a working link to a BitTorrent search engine listing of "Galactic Civilizations II" torrents during a discussion about the popularity of the game. Their action was publicized on various websites, including Digg, Neowin, and Penny Arcade. Stardock also posted an article, partially in response to inaccurate reporting of their own reasons for releasing the game without copy protection. Starforce later closed the thread, posting an apology and stating that the employee "just wanted to show that every non-protected game can be cracked".

Stardock has released two expansion packs for the game as well as a major update (GalCiv 2.0). It will not release any more as they are currently working on their upcoming projects.

Stardock released an expansion pack named "Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar" in February 2007. A number of things are added in the expansion, such as:


A second expansion pack named "Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor" was released in April 2008, the expansion added new content to the game, such as:


According to Stardock, "Twilight of the Arnor" is the final expansion for "Galactic Civilizations II".

"Galactic Civilizations II: Endless Universe" is a compilation featuring the content of "Dread Lords", "Dark Avatar" and "Twilight of the Arnor". It was released exclusively in Europe on September 26, 2008 and it was published by Kalypso Media. The compilation was released as "Galactic Civilizations II: Ultimate Edition" in North America on February 9, 2009.

Significant modding features have been built into the game in terms of user-editable XML files. The ship designs are also intended to be redistributed to others, and popular models (both derivative and original) appeared shortly after the game's release.

Since September 2014, the game's community works on a Stardock endorsed community patch, whose beta version was already applied on the November 2015 gog.com release. On December 17, 2015 the community patch was canonized as official patch version 2.20 by Stardock.



</doc>
<doc id="2015218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2015218" title="SimSafari">
SimSafari

SimSafari is a construction and management simulation game released by Maxis on March 19, 1998. It is similar to "SimPark", except that the park is set in Africa rather than in North America, and therefore has African animals and plants.

The game is divided into three different zones, the nature park, the tourist grounds, and the African village. The ultimate aim is for the players' park to reach five stars, although like most Sims games the player can continue playing indefinitely. To gain five stars, the player needs to make sure each zone is being run properly. The player can control tourism and staff.


There are several scenarios, including one where the park is overrun by rabbits and another where the camp is burned down.


</doc>
<doc id="2017664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2017664" title="Star Wars Episode I: Battle for Naboo">
Star Wars Episode I: Battle for Naboo

Star Wars Episode I: Battle for Naboo (known as Star Wars: Battle for Naboo on the PC) is an arcade-style action game co-developed by Factor 5 and LucasArts. It is a spiritual sequel to "" released two years earlier. Despite the similarities between the two games, the development team designed a new game engine for "Battle for Naboo" and included land- and water-based combat in addition to aerial combat.

Set in the fictional "Star Wars" galaxy, the game takes place during the events depicted in the film "". Players control Gavyn Sykes, a lieutenant in Naboo's Royal Security Forces. As the game progresses, Sykes and the Royal Security Forces fight the Trade Federation in 15 missions that take place on Naboo or in the space surrounding it. The game concludes after the player completes a mission that recreates the film's climactic assault on the Trade Federation's Droid Control Ship.

"Battle for Naboo" was published by LucasArts and THQ and released for the Nintendo 64 in . A Windows port was released three months later in . The Nintendo 64 version received generally positive reviews; critics praised the game's tight and responsive controls, but expressed dislike for the game's "Episode I" setting. The game's PC port was less well-received, with critics citing poor visuals and difficult controls.

A follow-up to "", "Battle for Naboo" is a fast-paced, arcade-style action game. Each of the game's 15 levels introduces mission objectives that must be completed to progress to the next level. Enemy aircraft are primarily composed of Trade Federation Droid starfighters and air mines. Ground defenses are more varied and include battle and destroyer droids, laser and missile turrets, Armored Assault Tanks (AATs), Multi-troop transports (MTTs), gunboats and Single trooper aerial platform (STAPs).

The heads-up display features a health meter, a radar and an ammunition count for secondary weapons. Depending on the level, the player can control several different air, land and water vehicles. Aircraft are the Naboo N-1 Starfighter, the Naboo Bomber and Police Cruiser, while land and watercraft are the Flash and Gian speeders, the Trade Federation Gunboat and the Heavy STAP. Each vehicle offers a unique armament arrangement, as well as varying degrees of speed and maneuverability. The game initially restricts the player to a particular craft for each level; however, after a level is completed, it can be replayed with any available craft that falls within its air, land or watercraft specification. Some levels offer the player the option to change craft mid-level. Seven bonus power-ups are hidden in different levels throughout the game. These bonuses improve a craft's weapons or durability and are applied to each eligible craft for the remainder of the game.

The player's performance is measured throughout the game, and performance statistics are checked after each level against four medal benchmarks. Each benchmark contains six categories: completion time, number of enemies destroyed, shot accuracy, number of friendly craft and structures saved, number of bonuses collected and lives remaining. If a player's performance exceeds one of the level's four benchmarks in all five categories, a medal—bronze, silver, gold or platinum—is awarded on completion. Unlike other medal benchmarks, platinum medal benchmarks are undisclosed to the player. Acquiring medals promotes the player's rank and helps unlock hidden content.

"Battle for Naboo" includes a number of unlockable secrets. The player can unlock three bonus levels: "Trade Federation Secrets", "Coruscant Encounter" and "Dark Side". These levels are made available when the player obtains all bronze, silver or gold medals, respectively, on every level. Alternatively, they can be unlocked via password. Several craft are also available when unlocked. The Sith Infiltrator, a Swamp Speeder and an AAT may be selected when the player enters the correct passwords or achieves all gold or platinum medals, respectively, on all levels. A TIE fighter and a playable model of a 1969 Buick Electra 225 based on a car owned by the game's sound designer, Rudolph Stember, can be unlocked via password only.

The development team also included early game design sketches and audio commentary for each of the game's 15 standard levels, unlockable via passwords. Each level features more than five minutes of audio that totals over an hour of commentary in all. IGN likened the "captivating" commentary to DVD bonus material and believed the addition could start a trend in video games. MTV reporter Stephen Totilo believes that this audio commentary "may very well be" the earliest in video gaming.

"Battle for Naboo" takes place in the fictional "Star Wars" galaxy. The overarching conflict is an escalating battle between the Trade Federation and the people of Naboo. All 15 missions occur during the events depicted in "". The taxation of trade routes is in dispute and the Trade Federation has sent an invasion force to the planet's capital city of Theed hoping to capture the planet and steal its resources. The planet's queen, Padmé Amidala, has left the city for Coruscant to try to gain support from the Galactic Senate. To help defend the planet, Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes must form a resistance movement.

The game starts with an opening crawl resembling the ones featured in the "Star Wars" films. Further story details are presented through the game's instruction manual, pre-mission briefings, characters' conversations during the game and in-game cut scenes. During the Trade Federation's initial invasion of Theed, Lieutenant Gavyn Sykes and Captain Kael are able to escape the capital and head into the surrounding farmland. The two attempt to protect civilian farmers, but Federation presence is too strong, and they retreat into the nearby swamps. There they learn of a smuggler hidden in the mountains who might aid them. With the help of farmer Ved Deviss, Sykes and Kael find Borvo the Hutt. Borvo agrees to assist the resistance movement against the Trade Federation after the group helps him escape Federation forces.

In their first strike against the Trade Federation, Kael, Sykes, Ved, Lutin Hollis and Kol Kotha, a mercenary agent of Borvo's, destroy the communications satellite Comm 4. The satellite's destruction temporarily disables a Federation base on the planet, allowing the resistance to successfully attack it and destroy numerous droids and heavy equipment. During the fight, Sykes commandeers a Federation gunboat and uses it to liberate labor camps along the Andrevea River, escorting the freed prisoners to a rendezvous point among ruins to the north.

However, during the escort mission, Kael disappears and Sykes begins a search and rescue mission for the missing Captain. Sykes discovers a mortally wounded Kael near his crashed fighter, and it is revealed that Borvo had shot down Kael after he'd learned of the Hutt's secret plan to sell the escaped prisoners into slavery. Seeking vengeance and the freedom of his people, Sykes hunts down Borvo, assisted by a disgruntled Kotha who disagrees with Borvo's betrayal. Though the Hutt is able to escape to Nal Hutta, the prisoners are saved.

Now in charge of the resistance on Naboo, Sykes leads a mission to liberate the Camp 4, a detention center where the Trade Federation has placed most of Naboo's important leaders. After the camp is freed, Sykes is contacted by Captain Panaka, and the plan to finally liberate Naboo is set in motion. After taking part in the diversionary attack on Theed that allows Queen Amidala and Panaka to infiltrate the Palace and capture Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray, Sykes joins the rest of Bravo Flight in the climactic assault on the Droid Control Ship. Partnered with R2-C4, Sykes knocks out the Droid Control Ship's Shield Generator, which allows young Anakin Skywalker to destroy the ship from within. With the Trade Federation army disabled, Naboo is freed.

With "" and "" already released under a three-game exclusivity agreement signed by Nintendo, LucasArts began planning for the third and final game. After the success of "Rogue Squadron" in 1998, LucasArts and Factor 5 started initial testing for a follow-up in February 1999. The team discussed how they could build on that success and began planning the development of a new game engine. Possible plot ideas involving the film "" were also discussed. After it was released in May 1999, the team watched the movie several times in an attempt to find interesting characters, situations and craft for the game. Factor 5 stated that tying a movie plot into a vehicle combat game was "hard". They included all the characters and vehicles from the movie they could, and attempted to mix these elements with entirely new content.

During the development process, LucasArts supplied most of the art and level-design, while Factor 5 provided the programming, tools, sound, and most of the cut-scene and art post-production work. After contemplating the idea of reusing "Rogue Squadron" game engine, the team decided it was necessary to develop a new engine from scratch. Being more familiar with the Nintendo 64, Factor 5 was able to write "Battle for Naboo" microcode by identifying the previous engine's strengths and weaknesses. Factor 5 stated that many of "Battle for Naboo" technical aspects (such as a farther draw distance) "simply would not have been possible" using the "Rogue Squadron" engine. The game uses a particle system that was written in microcode for the Nintendo 64's Reality Signal Processor. The team first developed the technique to display falling snow in "Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine", another Nintendo 64 game that was developed simultaneously by the company. The result allowed "Battle for Naboo" to have rain and the snow effects that display up to 3,000 particles at any given time without compromising the game's frame rate and without using the system's central processing unit. Explosions and fountains also use these particle effects.

Skywalker Sound supplied the development team with sound directly from "The Phantom Menace" for use in "Battle for Naboo". Because its music is fully interactive and in real-time, the game required new material to be composed and pieces from the movie to be rewritten. Factor 5 again used its own sound drivers called MusyX to handle the game's sound, as it did with "Rogue Squadron" (then called MOsys FX Surround). The game includes voice work from voice actors Jeff Coopwood, Roger L. Jackson, Doug Boyd and Terence McGovern.

Unlike "Rogue Squadron", which was developed and released for the Nintendo 64 and Windows simultaneously, "Battle for Naboo" was ported to Windows and released two months later. The Windows version features enhanced resolution and textures and includes a mouse-supported menu interface. On October 24, 2001, it was re-released as a part of the LucasArts Archive Series.
Many reviews compared "Battle for Naboo" to "". "GamePro" remarked that the games share the same "exciting aerial combat, sturdy controls, and ... absorbing story line", and IGN's Fran Mirabella III wrote, ""Battle for Naboo" proves to be a worthy follow up to "Rogue" by improving on nearly everything that held it back from perfection." EGM believed that, "if you liked "Rogue Squadron", it's a good bet you'll like "Naboo" even more." GameSpot's Ryan Davis, however, thought that the game remained fun despite the "general lack of innovation over its predecessor" and believed it to be "one of the best "Episode I" titles to hit the market". The Nintendo 64 version received mostly positive reviews and received an aggregate score of 82 percent and 84 from GameRankings and Metacritic, respectively.

"Battle for Naboo"s controls were described as tight and responsive. Reviewers praised the addition of ground vehicles, which were completely absent from "Rogue Squadron". Both Davis and Mirabella remarked that this addition keeps the game from getting stale or redundant. "Nintendo Power" thought that the game is at its best when the action isn't grounded, however, describing some of the ground missions as "tedious" and "uninspired". Some reviewers believed that the game's "Episode I" setting is less engaging than "Rogue Squadron"s original trilogy setting. Mirabella stated that "any fan of "Rogue Squadron" should enjoy "Battle for Naboo" just as much if they can get past the "Episode I" barrier", and Davis wrote that the game's setting "does not carry the same impact as the story of the original [trilogy]."

The game's visuals were a source of disagreement between some critics. "Extended Play"'s Matthew Keil wrote that the game's visuals are the "most notable improvement" over "Rogue Squadron". Mirabella agreed and went on to call "Battle for Naboo" "one of the prettiest games to grace the N64." Both Keil and Mirabella praised the game for being less dependent on distance fog and "vastly" improving the draw distance over "Rogue Squadron". Davis, however, wrote that "the graphics in "Battle for Naboo" are exactly the same as those of "Rogue Squadron", flaws and all", and "Nintendo Power"s Andy Meyers cited "drab backgrounds and dry cinemas". EGM enjoyed the game's models and lighting, but thought the environments looked "blurry". Reviewers' opinions on the game's music and sound effects were generally less divided. Keil stated that the game showcases Factor 5's audio talents, and Mirabella and Davis described the audio as "atmospheric" and "immersive", respectively. One EGM reviewer lamented "the low-quality cartridge "Episode I" music", but another thought the sound was impressive.

With aggregated scores of 57 percent and 54 from GameRankings and Metacritic, respectively, "Battle for Naboo"s PC port garnered significantly lower review scores than its Nintendo 64 counterpart. Many complaints about the PC version stemmed from the fact that the game was not optimized for the PC when it was ported. "Computer Games Magazine"s Adam Fleet thought the game was ugly, citing "truly bland textures and sad-looking 2D sprites". "Next Generation"s Jim Preston bluntly wrote that the "graphics suck." Of the audio, GameSpot's Giancarlo Varanini wrote, "[it] isn't that bad, but it isn't quite as good as the audio in other similar games", and goes on to describe the music as sounding "tinny." Varanini also took issue with the PC version's aiming controls, stating that because "Battle for Naboo" was originally designed for the Nintendo 64's analog controller, it is difficult to aim using a PC's digital keyboard. Preston agreed, writing that controlling the game is "nearly impossible" with a digital controller or mouse.


</doc>
<doc id="2022760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2022760" title="Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Dominion Wars">
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Dominion Wars

Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Dominion Wars is a 2001 space combat/real-time tactics video game for Microsoft Windows developed by Gizmo Games and published by Simon & Schuster. The game is based on the "Star Trek" TV show "".

Gameplay is a mix between real-time tactics and space combat simulation. The game allows simultaneous control of up to six different ships from any of the four main combatant powers in the Dominion War - the Federation, the Klingons, the Cardassians and the Dominion. Missions include both primary and secondary objectives that allow a multitude of solutions for completion. To this end, before most missions, players may choose their ships, captains and accessories from a range of available personnel and ship classes.

Completing each mission earns the player credits, which can be used between missions to purchase new ships, more experienced captains or more powerful ship upgrades. Captains gain experience points for every mission they complete, and the more experience points they earn, the more competent they become. If a captain's ship is destroyed, although that captain will still be available for selection for the next mission, his or her experience points will have reverted to zero.

The player can issue commands to either each ship individually, or the fleet as a whole. They can also divide their fleet up into small units and issue separate commands to each unit. Players can choose how their ships attack the enemies by selecting from several pre-set patterns, and can also select what part of the enemy ship to focus their attack on (shields, engines, weapons or general). The player can also choose to divert power on their own ships from one system to another at any time. Players can also utilize transporters to send, for example, a team of engineers to help fix a damaged vessel quickly, or a team of troops to commandeer an enemy vessel.
The game can be played from either side of the conflict; the Federation/Klingon alliance or the Cardassian/Dominion alliance. Depending on which side the player chooses, the levels, missions and overall objectives are very different.

In the game's online multiplayer mode, up to 48 ships can compete in a single game. Available game modes include "Free-for-all"; "Domination", "Find the Founder", "Capture" and "Hold and Conquest".

"Dominion Wars" is set roughly over the course of seasons five, six and seven of "Star Trek: Deep Space Nine", in which the Federation and their allies battle against the invading Dominion forces.

Each mission is introduced by (voiced by Barry Jenner).

The game begins shortly after Gul Dukat has betrayed his allies in Starfleet and joined the Dominion (see "In Purgatory's Shadow" and "By Inferno's Light"). This move has prompted the Federation and the Klingon Empire to form an alliance in anticipation of the seemingly unavoidable war. Admiral Ross points out that the Cardassians are still bitter about some of the defeats they suffered at the hands of the Maquis (Bajoran resistance fighters) several years previously, during the border disputes after the Federation-Cardassian Treaty. Starfleet believe that now the Cardassians have the Jem'Hadar backing them up, they will try to wipe out any Maquis settlements in the Badlands. As Starfleet is using the Maquis to transport civilians from Cardassian space, they head into the area to escort the ships. Having successfully evacuated the civilians, Starfleet must now move to defend against a Dominion offensive on Deep Space 9 itself. As they are outnumbered and unable to adequately defend the station, Starfleet have decided to abandon it temporarily, with the aim of recapturing it at a later date. However, before they leave, they activate a cloaked mine field at the entrance to the wormhole, preventing any Dominion reinforcements from coming through (see "").

As the war is now in full swing, Starfleet is continually finding itself outmaneuvered by the Dominion, who seem to know everything Starfleet is doing. The reason for this is a massive sensor array in a remote region of space near Betazed, hidden in an asteroid belt. Starfleet decides that to have any chance in the war, they must destroy the array. Having done so, however, it soon becomes apparent that even without that tactical advantage, the Dominion are building ships much faster than either Starfleet or the Klingons can. A Klingon task force is dispatched to attack and cripple a Dominion shipyard, but a Dominion fleet is simultaneously sent to attack the now defenceless Klingon border. As such, Starfleet must race to get in touch with the Klingons and defend the borders until the Klingons return.

Starfleet then receives word that the Cardassians are planning the public execution of Thomas Riker, a former Starfleet officer who joined the Maquis before being captured by the Cardassians and sentenced to life imprisonment. Refusing to allow his execution, Starfleet sets out to intercept the fleet taking Riker to Cardassia Prime. Having saved Riker, it is then revealed that the Dominion are breeding Jem'Hadar soldiers far faster than was initially thought. To counteract this, Starfleet target the Dominion's largest Ketracel white (a drug to which all Jem'Hadar are genetically addicted) facility in the sector.

The destruction of the Ketracel white facility slows the production of soldiers by 50%. However, the Dominion form a new and unexpected alliance with a powerful but mysterious race known as the Breen (see "" and ""). However, at the same time, a new starship has been commissioned by Starfleet, the "USS Imperious", an "Achilles"-class vessel, with Thomas Riker as captain. The introduction of this new vessel, coupled with the recent alliance with the Romulans (see "In the Pale Moonlight") means Starfleet are now ready to retake Deep Space 9 (see "Favor the Bold" and "Sacrifice of Angels").

Haven retaken the station, Starfleet learns that the Dominion are once again building ships at a dangerous rate. As such, their largest shipyard is completely destroyed. At this stage, with little options left to them, the Dominion go on the offensive, launching a massive invasion of Earth, which Starfleet prevent. The Dominion forces then retreat back to Cardassia Prime to regroup, but the Federation, Klingons and Romulans decide to invade Cardassia, dealing a final blow to the Dominion and winning the war (see "What You Leave Behind").

Each mission is introduced by either Gul Dukat (Marc Alaimo) or Weyoun (Jeffrey Combs).

As with the Federation missions, the game begins shortly after the formation of the Cardassian/Dominion alliance, with the Cardassians moving to wipe out the Maquis, who are attempting to flee the Badlands. Having destroyed the Maquis, the Dominion then move to save a Founder who has been located on a Klingon ship. Having done this, the Dominion are enraged with Starfleet's attempt to block the entrance to the wormhole with a blanket of cloaked mines, attempting to cut the Dominion off from their reinforcements in the Gamma Quadrant. As such, they decide that Deep Space 9 itself must be captured and the mine field destroyed before activation.

Having done so, the Dominion detect a series of Starfleet/Klingon task forces attempting to capture Dominion sensor arrays and shipyards. As such, they send a fleet to block the attacks. However, it is revealed that there was never any intention of attacking the arrays - the entire mission was a feint to catch the Dominion off-guard so Starfleet could rescue Thomas Riker. Now Riker has been placed in charge of a new class of ship, the "Achilles"-class "USS Imperious". The Dominion thus set out to kill him and destroy the new ship. Having successfully done so, the Dominion then send a fleet of Cardassian ships to capture a sensor array. However, upon reaching the array, the Cardassians hand it over to Starfleet and then do the same thing with Deep Space 9. Dissatisfied with their place in the new alliance with the Breen, the Cardassians have abandoned the Dominion and joined with the Federation/Klingon/Romulan alliance (see "The Changing Face of Evil"). As such, the Dominion determine to destroy the Cardassians as a sign of their strength. They begin to annihilate Cardassian colonies and settlements, and then destroy Deep Space 9 itself.

With the destruction of Deep Space 9, reinforcements from the Gamma Quadrant pour through the wormhole and the Alpha Quadrant forces retreat. The Dominion decide to attack the Klingon and Romulans first, destroying their borders and then invading both homeworlds simultaneously. With this accomplished, only the Federation stands against the Dominion. It is determined that Starfleet's main offensive starbase must be destroyed to ensure no major resistance can be launched. With this done, only one objective remains - the invasion of Earth. A massive assault is launched and the Dominion invade the planet, crippling Starfleet and the Federation and taking complete control of the Alpha Quadrant.

"Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Dominion Wars" received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

"Eurogamer"s Tom Bramwell called it "a fairly bland, totally linear strategy romp through space by the numbers." He praised the online multiplayer mode and graphics, but was critical of the overly complicated controls and several recurring bugs, such as commands not registering with ships and a bug which made mid-level saves impossible in the initial release version of the game (although he acknowledged a patch had been released to fix this). He concluded that ""Star Trek: Dominion Wars" is an interesting, occasionally exciting game that suffers from a few notable flaws. It's not really an accurate portrayal of the final series of "DS9" because it's so faceless, but it's pretty good in its own right. If you think the bugs and plodding pace won't trouble you too much, and you like the idea of piloting a band of huge starships around the universe, you could do worse than to check it out."

GameSpot's Bruce Grey was highly critical of the amount of bugs in the initial release version of the game ("Lockups, crashes, bizarre video effects, saved games that disappear for no reason--all of these issues plagued the game when it hit store shelves"). He criticized the lack of a single-player skirmish mode, as well as the rigid linearity of the game. However, he praised the graphics, sounds and camera control. He concluded that ""Dominion Wars" does a nice job of capturing the feel of the "Deep Space Nine" universe, and the show's fans will find a lot to like about it as a result. But gamers who are interested in a general space strategy game might find the strategy elements a bit thin. If you're a big fan of "Deep Space Nine" and just want to fight for the future of Alpha Quadrant, and you also have some patience with potential technical problems, "Dominion Wars" is worthwhile. But if you want a comprehensive space combat strategy game, you should look elsewhere."

IGN's Dan Adams felt that the game paled in comparison to the TV show; "the game just doesn't hold the same interest as the show. It was just soulless compared to the vibrant portrayal of the situation in the show." He too praised the graphics and sound, but was highly critical of the interface and controls, and argued that the patches released to combat the bugs failed to do their job; "even after all of the patches to fix what was a horribly buggy mess at release, the game still has a bunch of problems -- weird crashes, graphical glitches, a sticky interface and a scrolling feature that barely works just to name a few." He was also critical of the lack of tactical options, arguing that every level "comes down to overpowering your enemies either by numbers or by equipping your ships with special weapons and shield enhancements."



</doc>
<doc id="2030653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2030653" title="The Bizarre Adventures of Woodruff and the Schnibble">
The Bizarre Adventures of Woodruff and the Schnibble

Woodruff and the Schnibble of Azimuth (marketed in North America as The Bizarre Adventures of Woodruff and the Schnibble) is a 1994 French adventure game developed by Coktel Vision. The creator of the "Gobliiins" series, Pierre Gilhodes, worked on the game, of which "Woodruff" shares its visual style, gameplay and offbeat humor, though is not an official part of the "Gobliiins" series or canon.

"Woodruff" was distributed in North America in 1995 by Sierra On-Line.

Following the near-annihilation of Earth during the last atomic war, the surviving human population retreated to the center of the planet where the last traces of life-sustaining warmth remained. Waiting out the surface radiation, centuries passed before the humans finally ventured back into the world above, discovering that their planet had sprouted a lush, overgrown jungle in their absence along with various races of mutants, including a peaceful race known as the Bouzouk (spelled "Boozook" in the US release), who differ from humans by their tails, pointed ears, and extraordinarily long noses. In the societal structure of the Bouzouk there was a King and a Council of Wisemen, seven mystics who had successfully maintained universal harmony by guarding the Chprotznog, a sacred containment unit used to channel and subsequently trap evil spirits.

Having failed to learn their lesson from last time, the humans immediately waged war on the tranquil Bouzouk tribe in what became known as "The Great Battle". In a mere day, the humans destroyed the Bouzouk civilization, massacring many innocent civilians and looting their holy artifacts, including the Chprotznog. The surviving Bouzouks were enslaved and forced to construct a new society for the humans, the great vertical city of Vlurxtrznbnaxl, an economically self-sufficient city run on wind power and surrounded by rich farmland. Its citizens live in different parts of the city according to their socio-economic status: the poor live on the lower levels while the rich and powerful live on the higher levels. The remaining Bouzouk peoples became exploited and oppressed; their once great society in shambles, they're left to work menial jobs and manual labor, living uneasily alongside the humans while their deposed King now spends his days in his dilapidated castle, drinking beer and watching TV.

The game begins about a century later, where the great city has since devolved into a nightmarish dystopia under the rule of a bureaucratic and totalitarian government. Heading the government is the reclusive President, who's represented by his corrupt advisor, a hideous man known only as the BigWig. In the lower levels of the city, relations between humans and Bouzouks have grown to their most tense, giving rise to a group known as the Bouzouk Freedom Party, a terrorist organization who, being natural pacifists, have yet to commit any actual acts of terrorism.

Professor Azimuth, an eminent political and scientific human personality known for his work on manipulating the aging process of cells, sympathizes with the plight of the Bouzouks and becomes determined to help end their oppression. In his research, he discovers the legend of the Schnibble, a mystical entity that is believed to have the ability to cause peace and prosperity to flourish in times of need, and begins work on finding a way to unleash it. Word spreads about his goal, and Azimuth is hailed as a hero by the Bouzouk community. Unfortunately, word of the Schnibble also reaches the ears of the BigWig. To stave off any chance of a revolution, the BigWig and his thugs storm the home of Professor Azimuth and his young adopted half-human, half-Bouzouk son, Woodruff.

Azimuth barely has time to hide Woodruff before the BigWig breaks into their home, kidnapping the Professor and ruthlessly gunning down Woodruff's beloved teddy bear in the process, but not before befitting him with a Viblefrotzer, an invention of his own design that helps rapidly speed the aging process. Within seconds, Woodruff ages about fifteen years, finding himself now prepared (albeit without shoes or the ability to read) for an epic quest: rescue his adopted father, avenge the death of his teddy bear by exacting revenge on the BigWig, and unravel the mystery of the Schnibble to help bring harmony back to the city.

"Woodruff"'s relatively simple point-and-click interface is nearly identical to the one featured in Sierra's "": by moving your cursor over certain objects, they'll become highlighted, indicating that it's an item or person Woodruff can interact with. Woodruff’s inventory is accessed by clicking the right mouse button; clicking and dragging an inventory item onto a highlighted object will combine the two. However, if the items do not connect, Woodruff may openly mock you.

Despite a less-than-heralded release in America, "Woodruff" was released to primarily positive reviews, with most praise being given to its visual style and sense of humor. Strategy Plus (now "Computer Games Magazine") gave it its most notable review, claiming it was "so addictive, you may lose your job", which ended up being printed on the box's front cover and used in most of its advertisements. The review further elaborated with "…features splendid high-resolution graphics that provide further evidence that Sierra is on a roll". PC Gamer also praised the game for its "exceptional graphics and sound", comparing it to other offbeat adventure games such as "Day of the Tentacle" and "Sam & Max Hit the Road". French magazine "Joystick" called it "truly wonderful" and "a real cartoon". MobyGames currently gives it a ranking of 85 out of 100.

Of the negative aspects of the game, "Gamer’s Zone", although having given it a positive review, complained about the often ludicrously hard puzzles, the lack of original music, and the repetitive background sound effects, complaints that were often echoed in other reviews.

Despite critical acclaim, however, "Woodruff" failed to find a mass audience and turned out to be a financial disappointment for Sierra, eventually slipping into obscurity behind most of the company's better-known titles. Although "Woodruff" has been more or less largely forgotten within the adventure game genre (so little information is there that the game's English voice actors have never been identified; the French version, however, features the voices of Edgar Givry as Woodruff and Claude Piéplu as the narrator), there still remains a small, yet devoted cult fanbase.




</doc>
<doc id="2031804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2031804" title="Lords of the Realm III">
Lords of the Realm III

Lords of the Realm III is a medieval themed real-time strategy computer game published in March 2004 by Sierra Entertainment, a subsidiary of Vivendi Universal Games. It is the third installment in the "Lords of the Realm" series, and the last game made by Impressions Games.

At the start of a game, the player must choose a noble by either selecting one of the default nobles or creating a new one. Nobles act as user accounts within the game, wherein completed campaigns and saved games are local to each noble. A noble consists of three customizable features: "housename", "portrait", and "heraldry".

Once a noble is selected, the player can choose to play a campaign or battle map, or load a saved game. While all the battle maps are available when a noble is created, the campaigns require that the player complete each level in sequence. The game has four campaigns, each with several scenarios.

In a battle map, the player is placed in a battlefield and is provided with predefined companies of soldiers available to them. The only victory condition of these battles is to defeat all enemy companies. The gameplay is consistent with that of the battle mode in the campaigns.

Except for the tutorials, campaigns consist of three layers of gameplay: the "strategy layer", the "diplomacy layer", and the "battle layer". The layers allow the player to control different components of the game.

The strategy layer allows the player to see a large overview of the lands to command their armies and assign vassals to the lands they possess. The land that the player possesses is subdivided into parcels. The player must assign a vassal to each parcel to manage the land for them.

There are several different types of parcels that dictate what they will produce. Furthermore, each parcel is of a certain quality which determines how fast they will upgrade their land and produce units. The different categories of vassals are as follows:





In the diplomacy screen, the player may assess his progress and the progress of the other nobles as well as engage in politics such as trade, war declarations, and forming alliances. The diplomacy screen shows a diplomatic map of all the lands, colored by the nobles who own them, that displays parcel usage, army locations, and territorial control. The player can view their "chivalry", "Christianity", and "honor" levels, and their progress in obtaining the next level in each of them.

The battle layer engages the player in the battlefield, allowing them to manually control their companies.

"Lords of the Realm III" received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. A common complaint was, relative to its predecessors, the simplification of province management and the departure from the turn-based strategy map.

"Lords of the Realm III" was a runner-up for "Computer Games Magazine"s 2004 "Best Budget Game" award, but lost to "The Political Machine".


</doc>
<doc id="2034146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2034146" title="Still Life (video game)">
Still Life (video game)

Still Life is a 2005 adventure game by Microïds. "Still Life" is a sequel to "Post Mortem". A sequel, "Still Life 2", was released in 2009. The game has since sold 240,000 copies worldwide.

A major theme throughout the game is art, especially the technique of still life that the game is named after. The game also uses a storytelling device of switching back and forth between two player characters.

FBI Special Agent Victoria McPherson is investigating a series of brutal murders in 2004 Chicago. While visiting her father for Christmas she discovers an old notebook that belonged to her grandfather, private investigator Gustav McPherson. Victoria is surprised to learn that Gus had been involved with investigating a very similar series of murders in 1920s Prague. The player alternates between these two characters as they work to hunt down what seems to be the same serial killer more than 70 years apart.

In both cases the murderer targets sex trade workers: street prostitutes in Prague, and employees of an exclusive Chicago massage parlor and S&M club called the Red Lantern. The killer or killers are disguised in a dark cloak, top hat, and silver mask.

Gus eventually identifies the man responsible for the Prague murders, but the killer escapes justice and relocates to America. Near the end of the game Victoria discovers that similar murders occurred in 1931 Chicago and later in 1956 Los Angeles.

The identity of the 2004 Chicago killer is never revealed. Victoria encounters him several times, but never sees behind his mask. She does not believe he is the same person as the Prague killer, but rather a younger person who has been influenced by the Prague killer in some way. At the climax of the game, Victoria manages to shoot the Chicago killer, but he plunges into the Chicago river and does not surface. As the game ends, the Chicago police are still searching the river for the killer's body. Victoria plans to travel to Los Angeles to learn more about the 1956 killings.

A controversy surrounding the game is its lack of an ending. Originally planned as the second of a trilogy, with "Post Mortem" as the first, "Still Life" ends without revealing the villain. The story was meant to continue in a third game, but it seemed unlikely that the finalé would ever be made, as part of the development arm of Microïds in Canada was bought out by Ubisoft. However, on December 6, 2007, Microïds announced the development of a sequel, "Still Life 2", which was released in 2009. On September 19, 2008 a new "Still Life" series website was opened, covering the three games.

"Still Life" was made with Virtools applications; the same software as "Post Mortem" and some other Microïds games. The point and click gameplay is also based on the first two games in the "Syberia" franchise.

According to Microïds, "Still Life" and its predecessor, "Post Mortem", were commercial successes. The publisher reported combined global sales for the series above 500,000 units by September 2008. The worldwide sell-through of "Still Life" alone surpassed 240,000 units by May 2009.

"Still Life" received fairly favorable reviews from critics. Its Metacritic scores are 75/100 for PC and 70/100 for Xbox, based on reviews by respectively 27 and 29 critics. Its GameRankings scores are 75.77% for PC and 68.68% for Xbox, based on reviews by respectively 35 and 31 critics. David Clayman of IGN commented: ""Still Life" is an enjoyable albeit short diversion for fans of classic adventure games. As usual, this type of game controls better on a PC and character movement feels slow and clunky with the Xbox controller." Eurogamer's John Walker: "There's a lot that "Still Life" does well, but in the same way adventure games were doing things well ten years ago. There is therefore no excuse for it to not manage other basic, fundamental elements when rehashing these decade-old ideas." Shannon Hall of Just Adventure: "Anyone who loves a mystery and has an investigative mind will get many hours of pleasure from "Still Life"." Ryan Davis, writing for GameSpot: "Its slavish dedication to convention will scratch the methodical, cerebral itch all diehard adventure game fans have. As a genre exercise, though, it exerts little energy to draw in new players."

"Still Life" was a finalist for "PC Gamer US"s "Best Adventure Game 2005" award, which ultimately went to "Indigo Prophecy".

In 2011, Adventure Gamers named "Still Life" the 20th-best adventure game ever released.




</doc>
<doc id="2034912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2034912" title="The Simpsons: Cartoon Studio">
The Simpsons: Cartoon Studio

The Simpsons: Cartoon Studio is a computer program based on the animated television series "The Simpsons" that was released for PC and Mac computers in 1996 by Fox Interactive. It allows users to create their own "Simpsons" cartoons, using characters, sounds, music, and locations from the show. The cast members of "The Simpsons" provided their voices for the program. "The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" has received generally positive reviews, although there has been some criticism too.

"The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" is a design program for creating cartoons using characters, sounds, music, and locations from the American animated television series "The Simpsons". To create a cartoon, one first selects a background, then inserts characters, props, and special effects, and after that adds dialog, sound effects, and music. The program allows users to send the finished cartoons to friends through email or save it onto a hard drive or a floppy disk.
There are 17 characters, 50 special effects, 270 props, and 35 backgrounds in "The Simpsons Cartoon Studio", with thousands of individual cels hand-drawn by actual "The Simpsons" cartoonists. Every character has a set of actions; for example, Homer can crawl, ride on a tube, and run away screaming, while Bart can run, trip over, cycle, ride his skateboard, and paint graffiti with spray-paint. Backgrounds featured range from the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant to Bart's room, and props include tables, blenders, and the three-eyed fish Blinky.

"The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" was released for PC and Mac computers in the middle of 1996. It was developed by Big Top Productions and published by Fox Interactive, and uses an improved version of the interface from "Felix the Cat's Cartoon Toolbox" that was developed by Big Top Productions. The dialogs featured in the program were provided by the actual cast members of "The Simpsons".

Critics gave "The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" generally favorable reviews, and it received a lot of hype in the United States around the time it was released. A reviewer for "The Palm Beach Post" wrote that it is not very easy to create the cartoons: "Layering characters, props, sound effects and dialogue into seamless animation is no small task, and you'll invest a good chunk of time with this CD-ROM before you're ready to premiere your own "Simpsons" episodes. But if you're fan enough to go the distance, this is a remarkably versatile program that turns out great-looking cartoons." Similarly, Jane Clifford of "The San Diego Union-Tribune" called it "quite a challenging product" which produces cartoons that "really look professional." Benjamin Svetkey of "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a B+ rating, commenting that the cartoons created "can be entertaining, but they're hampered by a failing common to the make-your-own-movie genre: Since "Cartoon Studio" has a limited number of voice clips ('Ay, caramba!', 'Mmm... donuts', and about 50 variations on 'Bart!'), your plot choices are restricted to the usual pranks, pratfalls, and catchphrases. Still, as Homer would say, "The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" is more 'Woohoo!' than 'D'oh!'."

"Wired"s Erika Milvy commented that "Fox's "Simpsons Cartoon Studio" may be more the '90s answer to Colorforms than a finely tuned animation resource, but dang if it isn't fun to watch Smithers and Mr. Burns hula across the monitor as a three-eyed fish swims by," and added that "for the anally inclined, there's certainly a way to have these cartoons make more sense. But I prefer to toss rhyme and reason out the window." Joseph Szadkowski of "The Washington Times" wrote that "For the amount of complicated computer stuff going on — frame by frame editing, character motion, voice overlays — even the most computer-illiterate individual should be able to figure this out. "The Simpsons Cartoon Studio" is a very fun, relatively inexpensive jaunt into the mind of Mr. Groening."

Mike Langberg of Knight Ridder was less positive, writing in his review that "At first glance, the CD-ROM provides a lot of raw material. There are 350 brief animations, running two or three seconds each, showing 17 characters from the show in numerous poses. The CD-ROM delivery, unfortunately, falls flat[...]." He explained that ""Simpsons Cartoon Studio" is awkward to operate and limited in what it can accomplish, producing animated sequences that are jerky and out of sync. The CD-ROM comes with 15 cartoons created by the developers, running from 10 seconds to 55 seconds. None flow smoothly or tell funny stories. There's no reason to expect the rest of us will do any better." Similarly, Nancy Malitz of "The Detroit News" wrote that "you move the characters around and invent the scenarios, but in the end you might feel your creativity wasn't heavily challenged. The whole deal is essentially a cut-and-paste operation. You can't create characters of your own, and the kind of automatic synchronization of sounds with movement that you see in a simple product like Video Jam isn't available, so things look sort of choppy no matter how hard you try."


</doc>
<doc id="2034923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2034923" title="The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield">
The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield

The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield is a Windows and Macintosh computer game released in 1997 and published by Fox Interactive. It allows players to explore the fictional town Springfield featured in the animated television series "The Simpsons", and the goal is to collect an entire set of character cards throughout the town. The game was developed by Digital Evolution and features dialog by the cast members of the series. Critics have given "Virtual Springfield" mixed reviews. The plot and gameplay have been the target of criticism, while the game has been praised for its humor.

"Virtual Springfield" is a first-person adventure game that allows players to explore a 3D simulation of Springfield, the fictional town featured in the animated television series "The Simpsons" and the home of the Simpson family. Many of the familiar locations from the show are present, including Moe's Tavern, Springfield Elementary School, the Kwik-E-Mart, Krustylu Studios, and the Simpsons' house. Players can interact with "Simpsons" characters such as Mr. Burns, Principal Skinner and Ned Flanders in the game.

"Virtual Springfield" has the overall goal of collecting an entire set of character cards throughout Springfield. To fully do so, the player must unlock hidden areas by obtaining secret items. A map of the town is featured that gives instructions to players on where to go so that they can progress through the game. Various minigames can be played at certain locations in the game. These include some video games that have previously been seen on "The Simpsons", such as the boxing game "Slugfest" that Homer and Bart played in the season one episode "Moaning Lisa".

"Virtual Springfield" was published by Fox Interactive for Windows and Macintosh computers in 1997. It was developed by Digital Evolution. When the designers were working on the 3D-visualizations of Springfield at Fox Interactive for the game, they conceived of the project to construct a real-life replica of the Simpsons' house and gave it away in a contest.

Cast members of "The Simpsons", including Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer, Pamela Hayden, Russi Taylor, Tress MacNeille, Maggie Roswell, and Phil Hartman, provided their voices for the dialog in the game. Bonita Pietila, who has worked on the show, directed the voice actors. The game also includes the theme song from "The Simpsons" by Danny Elfman. "Virtual Springfield" was rated Teen (T) in North America by the Entertainment Software Rating Board for "animated violence", "comic mischief", and "suggestive themes".

Critics have given the game mixed reviews. "Billboard"s Doug Reece commented that "Unfortunately, the detail is so great that there are moments when "Virtual Springfield" can become somewhat tedious." Nancy Basile of About.com gave the game a three out of five rating, criticizing the lack of a plot but praising the humor. She wrote that "Virtual Springfield" "isn't so much a game as an interactive tour of Springfield and "The Simpsons" characters. Though your task is to collect trading cards around town, it doesn't offer any difficulty in finding them. The game controls make it difficult, however, to pick up the cards and collect them. The real fun of "Virtual Springfield" is browsing the Kwik-E-Mart, visiting Krustylu Studios or hangin' on Evergreen Terrace with the Simpson family. The entire cast lent their voice to this game, so meeting the characters and hearing their quotes is a lot of laughs."

Mark Kanarick of All Game Guide also gave "Virtual Springfield" a three out of five rating. He praised the game for its references to the television series, noting that "The inside jokes and story-lines alone make the game worth it for those that are fans. For casual viewers and non-viewers, however, there is not enough here to warrant purchase of "The Simpsons: Virtual Springfield"." Kanarick further wrote that while exploring Springfield was fun at times, "it is also very tedious. Reading the map can be a problem, especially for younger kids. If you do not utilize the map to its full extent, you will most likely find yourself lost in the town and unsure of where to go next. Although it is a full town, you do at times feel very constricted, as you can only change directions at certain corners. The rest of the time you are just moving where the computer is telling you to."

Joe Toledo of "Animation World" wrote in his review that "While the software has game-like elements, it is lacking the depth of a true game. The individual objectives to get into each location are very easy to achieve. Once you've been around town a few times, traveling in real time between locations starts to get a bit long. [...] Plus, even though there are 17 great locations to visit, once you've been to them several times, the novelty starts to wear off. [...] "Virtual Springfield" would have benefited from having a better gaming element incorporated into it, slowly revealing more locations around town and introducing the characters one by one to extend playing time and add an extra layer of depth."


</doc>
<doc id="2039642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2039642" title="Double Switch (video game)">
Double Switch (video game)

Double Switch is an adventure interactive movie video game originally released for Sega CD, Sega Saturn and Microsoft Windows and later remastered for mobile, Steam, PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch. The game was produced by Digital Pictures and had a similar "trap-em-up" format to "Space Panic", "Heiankyo Alien", and their earlier game, "Night Trap". Apart from the HUD, the graphics consist of live action full motion video clips starring Corey Haim.


The game takes place in an apartment complex called the Edward Arms, which was built by the famous industrialist Lionel Atwater Edward III at the turn of the 20th Century. Built following an archaeological expedition to the Valley of the Kings, the building has an ancient Egypt theme and is rumored to hide a valuable statue of Isix (named after the precursor to Digital Pictures) stolen by Edward during his expedition. The player character, an anonymous, silent protagonist, is contacted via video call by the current owner of the Edward Arms, a young man named Eddie. Eddie says that he has equipped the building with cameras and traps to protect the tenants from the local criminal element, but one of the tenants has locked him in the basement. He gives the player character control of the cameras and traps and directs him to protect the tenants, trap the handyman Lyle whenever possible, and find the security codes to get him out.

After the player character acquires all the security codes, Eddie confides in him that one of the tenants is a killer. When he emerges from his basement prison, Eddie runs into Lyle and Elizabeth, the building's manager. Eddie and Lyle's argument reveals that Eddie is mentally unhinged, that Lyle and Elizabeth are his parents, and that Lyle locked him in the basement to keep him from doing harm to himself or others.

Each tenant has their own plot line that overlaps into the main plot. Alex, a journalist fresh out of college, enthusiastically investigates the many dangerous goings-on. Laura, an aspiring architect, and Phoebe, an archaeology student, share a room and have acquired a unique Egyptian statue. Another room is occupied by Scream, a hard rock band in search of a record deal. Brutus is an aging mobster whose father worked on the construction of the Edward Arms. His father told him of gold concealed in the building, and Brutus wants to find it so he can pay off a debt to a dangerous mob boss. Elizabeth is trying to rekindle her relationship with Lyle. Though Lyle is held back by fears that any children they have will turn out like Eddie, he ultimately yields to her seductions.

Members of a secret society infiltrate the Edward Arms and go after Phoebe and Jeff as soon as they spot them with the statue. They escape and Jeff hides the statue in his room just before an A&R man arrives to audition Scream. One of the secret society attacks Jeff during the audition, but the player character uses a trap to save him and the A&R man decides to give Scream the label's fullest support. Meanwhile, Lyle goes around the building showing the player character dangerous traps that Eddie either did not know about or chose not to share with him. Lyle rewires these traps to give the player character control so that he can stop Eddie.

The building's killer appears dressed as a mummy. He herds the tenants into reach of the traps and tries to spring the traps using a remote control. The player character saves the tenants, and as the mummy is locked into a chair trap, Alex and Phoebe take the remote control away and unmask the mummy as Eddie. Enraged, Eddie vows to kill everyone in the building.

Alex and Phoebe petition Elizabeth for help, but Elizabeth is in denial of Eddie's problems. Angered by the girls' accusations, she locks the Edward Arms's entrance, trapping the tenants inside. Aided by the player character's trapping Eddie, the girls reunite with Laura and Jeff. Jeff suggests that Brutus likely has a gun that they can use to protect themselves. They find Brutus in his room, where Eddie attacks them, but is again trapped by the player character and returned to his basement prison. Elizabeth takes the statue from the girls and explains that Eddie had figured out that the statue is actually a key which transforms the entire Edward Arms into a giant treasury. The tenants stare in unified awe at the riches on display. Afterwards, someone takes the statue out of the lock to the treasury, resealing it.

The objective of the game is to protect the tenants of the Edward Arms. The player character never actually enters the building, and must protect the tenants using the surveillance cameras, sensors, and traps installed in eight of the rooms. Using the cameras, the player may view any of the rooms, but can only view one room at a time, as with "Night Trap". However, unlike "Night Trap", at all times a mini map shows the player whether tenants, intruders, or both are present in each room, and an alarm sounds when an intruder enters any room. In addition, many of the intruders' appearances occur at random. Success in the game thus depends on quickly and effectively responding to situations rather than on determining when and where enemies appear.

When a tenant or intruder approaches a trap, the player may trap them by arming and then activating the trap. Trapping a tenant sometimes has no real consequences, but often results in a game over. If the player does not trap a solid majority of intruders as they appear, the game ends. Also, while most intruders do no particular harm when they appear, the player must trap any enemies who try to shut off the building's power, disconnect the phone lines, or attack the tenants. If an enemy succeeds in any one of those three things, the game immediately ends.

In addition to these objectives, each of the game's three levels (referred to in the manual as "acts") has its own special objective. In the first level the player must view the security codes needed to free Eddie from the basement. In level two the player must gain access to new hidden alcove traps. Level 3 includes a boss who the player must trap six times. If the player misses any opportunity to trap the boss, the boss will attack one or more of the tenants, resulting in a game over.

The Windows, Sega Saturn, and Mac editions were released later with enhanced video quality and Eddie's references to the Sega Genesis controller removed, though a TV in the game shows a screenshot from the Sega CD version no matter what version is being played.

"Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave the Sega CD version a 6 out of 10, describing it as "like "Night Trap", [but] a little more involving". Manny LaMancha of "GamePro" praised the full-motion video quality and Thomas Dolby's music for the game, and said that "Double Switch is good enough that it'll sit in your CD tray until you're done – and you'll be glad you stuck it through the end."

Reviewing the Saturn version, a "Next Generation" critic felt that "Double Switch" holds up fairly well as a movie, with high production values, decent acting, and "top-notch" sets, but not as a game. He particularly noted the awkward interface and the repetitiveness of having to rewatch the same video segments over and over while using trial and error to figure out the correct course of actions. He also said that the poor video quality would have been acceptable on the Sega CD, but not on the Saturn. While "Electronic Gaming Monthly" never published an official review of the Saturn version, their preview based on a 90% complete beta was written in the manner of a review. They agreed that the graphics, while an improvement over the Sega CD version, are not up to Saturn standards, and also criticized the "highly confusing" gameplay. They concluded, "Players who are expecting a revamped version of "Night Trap" are sadly mistaken. This title boasts nothing more than a fallen star thrown in with other B-actors that have as much of a future as this title."

After Digital Pictures' bankruptcy, the games were purchased by a consortium that included visual effects company Flash Film Works. In December 2016, "Double Switch" was remastered from the original source video and released as an app for Google Play and iTunes. Additionally, in June 2018 it was announced that William Mesa and Flash Film Works had partnered with Screaming Villains and Limited Run Games to release the game on PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch as "Double Switch: 25th Anniversary Edition".



</doc>
<doc id="2039991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2039991" title="Tomcat Alley">
Tomcat Alley

Tomcat Alley is an interactive movie FMV video game developed by The Code Monkeys for Sega CD. It was the first Sega CD game to feature extensive full screen, full motion video. It was later released, with higher quality video, for Windows-based PCs. A 32X version was also in development, but never released.

The player controls a United States Navy pilot who has to bring peace and stability to the world after the cash-poor former Soviet Union sold off some of its military equipment to an unfriendly government.

The game takes place in a full screen, full motion video, first-person perspective, and the player has to move quickly to launch missiles at enemy aircraft.

"GamePro" named "Tomcat Alley" the best Sega CD game at the 1994 Consumer Electronics Show, commenting, "The demo at CES was stunning. It still had that grainy Sega CD look and feel, but you actually felt like you were flying inside the Tomcat." They later reviewed the game and gave it a perfect score, stating: ""Tomcat Alley" uses actors, sets, and outstanding aerial footage to create a breathtaking aerial battlefield." "Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave the game a largely negative review: "Aaargh, another full-motion video game! If you've played "Night Trap" or "Double Switch", then you've played Tomcat Alley. ... the video [is] very blocky and often hard to see".



</doc>
<doc id="2041331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2041331" title="I-War (1997 video game)">
I-War (1997 video game)

I-War (known as Independence War in North America) is a space combat simulator developed by Particle Systems. The game was first published in 1997 in Europe by Infogrames Multimedia, and in late August of 1998 in North America. An additional campaign was designed, packaged with the original game and released in 1999 as Independence War Deluxe Edition in North America and Independence War Special Edition in Europe.

The sequel "" was released in 2001.

As the captain of "Dreadnaught", the player could assume the command of any of the four workstations on the command bridge. From the "command" station ("CMD"), the player received his/her mission briefings and could sometimes control other ships through a remote link. The station also had access to an accurate star map. The ship was normally flown from the "navigation" station ("NAV"). From the "weapons" station ("WEP"), the player had an outside view of "Dreadnaught's" wire frame model. Following a locked target, the angle of view could rotate 360 degrees on all axes. This workstation also had a ripple fire mode which allowed attacking quickly a large group of enemies. The fourth station "engineering" ("ENG") was for controlling the repairs when the ship was damaged by weapons or a collision with another object. However, the automated repair functioned well and player supervision was rarely needed. The station also had a fuel gauge, which was nonfunctional because the game design was changed to give "Dreadnaught" limitless fuel.

In the game, the player takes the role of an unnamed 23rd century spaceship captain in the Earth Commonwealth Navy. The primary opponents were rebellious insurgents called the Indies, a group distinguished by their elaborately and colourfully painted ships.

I-War was notable for its use of Newtonian physics; unlike other popular space combat games such as "Wing Commander" and "", the flight model is subject to inertia caused by a ship's mass and the absence of drag in outer space. In addition to common flight dynamics, vessels can move and accelerate in all directions: up, down, forward, backwards and sideways.

The game features two gameplay modes: campaign mode, and a mode for immediate space battle with endlessly spawning enemies. The campaign consists of a series of 40 linear missions, with one or more missions being available at a time. After completing a key mission, one or more new missions become available. Sometimes a different set of missions can be unlocked depending of the outcome of the previous mission, thus setting the campaign in different directions. Three different endings to the campaign were possible. The nature of missions varied greatly; there were many combinations of combat and problem solving. The puzzles often made use of the game's physics modeling.

Depending on the mission, "Dreadnaught" can be acting alone, supporting another vessel, or commanding a group of wingmen. During other missions, various special equipment is at the player's disposal, such as a reconnaissance drone.

The player ship is armed with Particle Beam cannons and various kinds of missiles. For protection, the ship is equipped with energy shields, that are capable of tracking and absorbing enemy fire from a single ship at a time. The bridge of the player ship is a small ship of its own, called the 'command section'. It is capable of detaching from the rest of the ship.

During LDS-travel, ships are not able to use any weapons except missiles designed to stop LDS-travel. Ships in LDS cannot be attacked, either.

The game began with a 14 minute long high quality CGI animation to introduce the game's setting and even some gameplay features through the story of Jefferson Clay and his last battle. Along the campaign, shorter pieces of CGI encoded in RAD Game Tools's Smacker video format would be shown within missions as cutscenes. These sometimes provided clues to solving some problematic aspect of the current mission. Simple CGI animations utilising wire frame models were used in mission briefings. Occasionally, external camera views were used for kind of real-time, game engine rendered cutscenes, such as when "Dreadnaught" docked or undocked with another ship or a space station.

The development of "I-War" was led by Particle Systems co-founders Glyn Williams (whose previous games include "Warhead" for Amiga and Atari ST) and Michael Powell (whose previous games include "Subwar 2050" for PC/DOS). With Williams and Powell included, "Independence War" had a development team of six men, which was the full personnel of Particle Systems at the time.

The games polygon models were created using BRender. The team wrote their own low-level routines for texturing.

The game had some naming troubles. "I-War" was originally signed to Philips Interactive Media, Inc., who were moving into PC games. At the time the game had merely a working title, "big ships". The first suggested name was "Dreadnaught", per the player ship, but it was considered to be meaningless to French and German audiences. The next name candidate was "Infinity War", which was found to be also a name of a Marvel Comics comic book miniseries, "The Infinity War". Therefore, the name was shortened to "I-War". At this time Philips Media was taken over by Infogrames, who became the publisher of the game.

"I-War" was first released in Europe in November 1997, under the label of Ocean Software. Ocean was acquired by Infogrames earlier that year. This version, having no 3D hardware support, had only software rendered graphics. The game was released in English, French and German. "I-War" was a critical success, but wasn't selling as well as expected.

In late August, 1998, the game was released in North America, but as "Independence War". The reason for the name change was that 'I-War' was already trademarked in the US by Atari Corporation for an Atari Jaguar game of that name.

The American version was successful and won 'Space-Sim of the year' awards from many magazines and websites. Encouraged by this, an expanded edition was designed. "I-War" / "Independence War" sold around 250,000 copies worldwide. Including the special editions the total sales were about 300,000. 

Later, an additional campaign from the Indie side of the conflict, called "Defiance", was developed. The campaign consisted of 18 missions and it mirrored the "I-War" campaign. This time the player assumed the role of Edison Hayes, a captain of the Indie fleet and the "Dreadnaught"-class corvette "Spartacus". "Defiance" had three new features: in-mission savepoints, limited customisation of player ship's weapons and a zoom mode for longer range weapons fire.

Originally "Defiance" was supposed to be released as an expansion pack, but Infogrames decided they would prefer a special edition that would have both the new campaign and the original game in the same box. This special edition was released in the US as "Independence War Deluxe Edition" in 1999. The European version was released the same year, but was called "Independence War Special Edition" instead since it was reasoned that 'deluxe' doesn't mean much to the French or German audiences. The American version also included a $10 rebate for owners of "Independence War", but no rebate was included with the European version. On May 25, 2010, GOG.com re-released "Independence War Deluxe Edition" digitally.

The development of "Defiance" was led by Stephen Robertson who also maintained a strong and long lasting on-line presence helping players of the "Independence War" series.

The game won "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s 1998 "Sci-Fi Simulation of the Year" award. The editors wrote, "With mission-driven play, good graphics, and detailed space combat action, this European import turned out to be quite a hit on this side of the Atlantic."

The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "I-War" for its 1998 "Simulation Game of the Year" award, although it lost to "".



</doc>
<doc id="2041402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2041402" title="Independence War 2: Edge of Chaos">
Independence War 2: Edge of Chaos

Independence War 2: Edge of Chaos, released as Edge of Chaos: Independence War 2 in Europe, is a sequel to the space combat simulator video game "Independence War" (also known as "I-War" in Europe). Developed by Particle Systems - the developers of the first game - and published by Infogrames, the game was released in 2001. It was nominated for an interactive BAFTA award for its soundtrack which was composed by Christopher Mann.

"Edge of Chaos" is set in the 24th century, 100 years after the first game, in an isolated part of space called the Badlands Cluster. The star cluster is far removed from Earth, the Core Systems, and their central governing body, the New Alliance; also, the Alliance government was in a state of near-collapse due to corruption and massive overspending. As a result, huge corporations step in to take control, and they rule quite tyrannically.

The game begins with a CGI video showing the murder of 12-year-old Cal Johnston's father by industrial heir Caleb Maas. The player then assumes the role of young Cal as he is instructed in space ship piloting by the digitized personality of Commonwealth Navy captain Jefferson Clay, a character familiar from the original "". After getting used to basics of space flight, Clay guides Cal to the base of his space pirating grandmother. After some more practice missions, Cal encounters the infamous Caleb Maas. Trying to avenge his father, Cal ends up in prison instead. The story then fast-forwards 15 years showing a now-adult Cal Johnston with some of his fellow inmates escaping the prison space station, where the core gameplay begins.

Upon returning to his grandmother's base, Cal begins to set up his own piracy organization. Other groups in Hoffer's Wake begin to notice his work, and as he advances in fame and fortune he learns more about the current situation affecting the Badlands. For a long time, a group called the Marauders have been attacking at random—essentially terrorizing the people of the Cluster. Despite numerous attempts to run them down, the Badlands government and gangs have had no luck in stopping the attacks: the Marauders don't seem weakened even by major losses, and they don't seem to have any single base of operations.

The player is soon given access to other systems in the Cluster, with the assignment to find help fighting the Marauders in Hoffer's Wake. Most are only too happy to lend ships, supplies, and personnel once their own Marauder problems are taken care of, and the Marauders are successfully driven from Hoffer's Wake before long. However even that loss didn't slow them down, and further investigation on Cal's part reveals that they have been maintaining their primary base in the Dante system, long abandoned and thought uninhabitable after the unstable binary star flooded the system with radiation and cut it off from outside travel. The Rebel Fleet, now very large and well-organized, mounts a successful assault—only to be nearly destroyed anyway when the Marauders receive help from the Maas Corporation, who started the Marauders to "keep you peasants in line."

The Rebels can't hope to directly match Maas's forces, so they fall back and try to think of alternative strategies. They conclude that the most effective action would be to find help outside of the Badlands, so they attack and secure the Santa Romera Jump Accelerator, a highly advanced piece of technology that allows travel over significantly longer distances than even Lagrange points. Cal arrives in the Fomalhaut system in the Gagarin Cluster to find much the same situation as in the Badlands: oppressive corporate rule, roving Marauders, and a desperate need for assistance.

After working for a while, Cal receives a seemingly innocuous mission in which he is sent to spy on a number of corporate cruisers in the Gagarin Cluster. The story takes a sharp turn when, against Caleb Maas's wishes, corporate scientists activate an alien artifact that Cal himself stole for them, thinking to use it as some sort of weapon. The device goes out of control and begins to emit glowing red alien ships that eat (and thus destroy) any advanced power sources (such as ships) in their path; within days, the entire Gagarin Cluster is overrun. Cal and the fleet hold the aliens back from the Fomalhaut Jump Accelerator as refugees escape, then dash through at the last second and destroy the Accelerator, effectively isolating the Badlands indefinitely from the rest of human civilization. Cal remarks that they are safe from the aliens, but he's not sure about human civilization elsewhere.

The gameplay is a mix of free movement in space and missions. In free play, Cal can act independently, move throughout the Hoffer's Wake system and eventually the entire Badlands Cluster, and steal cargo. Game missions allow the player to gain new weapons and ships, and contribute to the rebellions against the corporations that control the Badlands.

The game may only be saved when a player returns to their 'base'. While docked here, in addition to saving, the player can also elect to change their current ship type or equipment loadout; check their inventory of current equipment and cargo; trade stolen cargo for new equipment on the black market; and manufacture various types of munitions from recycled scrap. A final and highly important function of the base is to allow access to the player's email file, which is the main process to learn about new missions and plot developments.

When the game first starts, the player as the younger Cal is flying a Command Section or ComSec, a detachable mini-ship that is intended to be part of a larger vehicle and has minimal capabilities of its own. After the player docks at their base for the first time, they will gain access to the "Storm Petrel", a lightly armed but very fast fighter craft which is easy to fly for new pilots. After crossing Caleb Maas and being sent to prison, the "Petrel" is lost, and the player now flies a "Spider"-class tug. Later in the campaign, the player will also be given access to the "Tachyon"-class patrol-combatant (PatCom) and the "Devastator"-class heavy corvette. These craft only become available after key, difficult missions and are much more powerful and capable than the tug ship.

There are a wide variety of upgrades available to the player. Some few are given in the form of stolen cargo pods or through mission rewards: most are gained on the black market through the base's trading interface. Upgrades can either add new features to the ship (like installing the Imaging Module, which lets the player zoom in their view dramatically), others simply improve the ship's performance (such as installed cold gas thrusters, which are not quite as powerful as standard thrusters but much more stealthy in use). Once gained, upgrades are permanently available to the player, though may be moved between ships as desired.

Weaponry in "Edge of Chaos" is modular. Each ship has some number of hardpoints available, and the player is left with the option of how to arm the ship from the available weapons in their inventory. Weapons are divided into three categories:


The Heads-Up Display in the game includes several features iconic to the Independence War franchise, including:


Because it is a partially freeform game modeling an entire star cluster at plausible scales, players of "Edge of Chaos" will often find it necessary to transit considerable distances. There are three forms of travel in "EoC":


The game's autopilot system can be used most of the time to eliminate the tedium of travel. However it is completely possible (and in some situations, necessary) to choose one's own capsule jump destination or to manually operate the LDS drive.

The game adheres well to the laws of Newtonian physics, realistically approximating the actual behavior of spacecraft; ships have inertia and take time to change speed and direction. The player's vessel is equipped with lateral thrusters that allow it to change facing while moving (e.g. face 'backward' while flying 'forward').

This has immediate effects on the game; for example, combat is often won based on how well the respective pilots can use their ship's inertia to best advantage, rather than who has the best weaponry.

The physical simulation applies to even weapon shots and missiles, which inherit their initial speed from the ship that created them: flying left and firing will create a bolt that goes straight from the firer's perspective, but to outside observers would seem to travel partially sideways. This behaviour makes it challenging to use weapons without the automatic computer-assisted weapon tracking behaviour.

The technological improvements over the first game included support for Direct3D compatible hardware accelerated 3D graphics, network multiplay and a new user interface. "Edge of Chaos" gave a nod to "Elite" style gameplay by adding free roaming piracy to the "Independence War" games' universe. The familiar Newtonian mechanics obeying flight model with a flight computer assistance was retained, although combat was somewhat simplified and made more accessible to the player.

"Edge of Chaos" was initially developed for both Windows based PCs, PlayStation, Nintendo 64 & Dreamcast, but the PlayStation, Nintendo 64 & Dreamcast version was cancelled. The dual platform development affected some design decisions. Most of the ship's function interface was made navigable through a joystick hat control, but on the negative side, partly due to being designed for a game console without a hard disk, game progress could only be saved between missions, in the home base.

A browser-based game, "Edge of Chaos Online", was created as part of the marketing campaign in late 2001.

On July 6, 2010, GOG.com re-released the game digitally.

The game has extensive modding support. Mods can introduce new gameplay elements, models and textures, interface enhancements and can bring modifications to existing elements of the game such as ships, NPC interactions and quests. The game's powerful modding capabilities has attracted a large modding community, including mod releases by Particle Systems itself

"Independence War 2" was a nominee for "Computer Gaming World"s 2001 "Best Simulation Game" award, which ultimately went to "IL-2 Sturmovik".

The game was a critical, but not financial, success, contributing to the eventual acquisition of developers Particle Systems by Argonaut Games, which changed the team name to Argonaut Sheffield. "Edge of Chaos" was distributed by Infogrames Entertainment.



</doc>
<doc id="2045534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2045534" title="Dracula Unleashed">
Dracula Unleashed

Dracula Unleashed is a 1993 video game created by ICOM Simulations and published by Viacom New Media for the Sega CD, Apple Macintosh and DOS platforms.

It was one of the earliest titles to make heavy use of full-motion video as an integral part of the gameplay. Other contemporary titles utilizing full-motion video include "Night Trap", "Sewer Shark" and "".

The player assumes the identity of a young Texas businessman named Alexander Morris, who has come to London during the winter of 1899 to research the strange surroundings involving his brother Quincey's death 10 years earlier. In the process, he meets an English woman named Annisette Bowen and becomes engaged to marry her.

Due largely to their "extremely close relationship", Quincey's good friend, Lord Arthur Holmwood, has proposed Alexander's induction into the mysterious and exclusive Hades Club. However, Alexander Morris soon discovers a part of his brother's life he had no knowledge of: Quincey Morris was part of a group which destroyed the legendary vampire, Count Dracula.

As Alexander Morris, the player must travel to specific locations in London at certain times with certain items gathered throughout Morris' travels in order to gather clues about the events which occur during the game and achieve victory over Dracula.

In 2002, Infinite Ventures, Inc. released the game on DVD. The game is identical in play, but uses full-screen, DVD-quality video. It also has a "behind the scenes" featurette, as well as some audio bloopers.

There are some minor differences between the DVD version and the Sega CD and PC versions:

When it was released for the Sega CD, it was given an MA-13 label by the Videogame Rating Council. The game has a spooky atmosphere and musical score, along with some images of blood and a very effeminate bookstore owner. It was also reviewed by BBFC and attributed a 15 rating.

"Computer Gaming World" in January 1994 called the PC version of "Dracula Unleashed" ICOM Simulations's "most compelling interactive adventure yet" and "the most effective 'interactive movie' to date". The reviewer compared it to "Dark Shadows" and MacVenture games such as "Uninvited", and approved of the improvements on the "" series' graphics and user interface. He concluded that "computer and theater have been brought one step closer together". In April 1994 the magazine said that players "can count on many hours of haunting play ... Live actors and sets add a strong cinematic realism", with "memorably creepy performances throughout", recommending the game to "anyone with more than a passing interest in the horror genre". "GamePro" gave the Sega CD version a positive review. They criticized that the slow-moving cursor and long load times can make the game painfully slow, but highly praised the audio, gameplay, and "well-acted and nicely staged video", especially the "eerie" dream sequences. "Electronic Gaming Monthly" commented that despite the full motion video being excessively grainy, the riveting storyline and "excellent" soundtrack keep the player invested in the game. They scored it a 7.25 out of 10.


</doc>
<doc id="2048632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2048632" title="NS-Tower">
NS-Tower

For the offices owned by Norfolk Southern Railway, See Norfolk Southern Tower.
NS-Tower is a shareware computer game that was originally produced in the late 1990s by Nagi-P Software for the Macintosh, but later ported to Windows. The game is unusual in that it only requires one control: either the space bar or the mouse button.

NS-Tower is a platform game in which the player attempts to climb a tower. The main character continuously moves back and forth across the tower at a constant speed. When he hits a wall, he reverses direction, even if this happens in the middle of a jump. Holding down a button causes a meter to fill up. When the button is released, the main character jumps to a certain height based on how full the meter was at the moment of release. If the meter fills up, it goes back to empty and begins filling up again. A player loses when his character falls off the bottom of the screen. It is not possible to "win," though NS-Tower does keep track of the top five scores at each skill level.

NS-Tower was announced in January, 1996. The latest version, NS-Tower 2.5 (English) was released for Windows on July 9, 1997, and no updates have been released since. A Java version appeared on the Nagi-P website, but it is presented as an alpha version, and has not been updated since December 31, 2000. This version lacks many features of the Macintosh and Windows versions, including top scores, springs, moving platforms, conveyor belts, levels of difficulty, and platform layouts that become more difficult as you climb. This makes achieving a high score in the Java version a simple matter of time, rather than the combination of luck and skill required in the standard version.

The most recent releases (in 2003) have been for various Japanese cell phones, including NTT DoCoMo.

The Japanese version of NS-Tower for Windows appears to have been updated more recently than the English version, but the download link is broken. It is unknown whether Nagi-P will continue development of NS-Tower and its sister game, NS-Shaft.



</doc>
<doc id="2052373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2052373" title="Corpse Killer">
Corpse Killer

Corpse Killer is a game released for the Sega CD, Sega CD 32X, 3DO, Sega Saturn, Windows 95 and Macintosh computers that features live-action full motion video in a format similar to other games developed by Digital Pictures. It was later remastered for Steam and PlayStation 4. The quality of the full motion video on the Sega CD version is less than that of the others. "Corpse Killer" was the first CD game released for the Sega 32X.

Footage from the game was later recycled for the 2003 film "Game Over".


An unnamed United States Marine is airdropped onto a tropical island on a top secret mission to stop the evil Dr. Hellman, who plans to release his army of zombies on the world. He is bitten by a zombie and also meets an attractive female reporter and a Rastafarian male driver. Four of the marine lieutenant's comrades are captured by Hellman and turned into zombies. To rescue them, the lieutenant infiltrates Hellman's compound and shoots each of them with bullets coated with extract from Datura plants, which can turn freshly-created zombies back into humans.

Most of the gameplay is similar to other shooting full motion video games such as "Lethal Enforcers". The player moves through the jungle shooting various zombies, collecting better ammunition (to prepare for a raid on Hellman's compound) and medicine to recover health.

John Lafia directed the live-action footage, which was filmed on location in the Caribbean, with most scenes being shot in Puerto Rico. The actors portraying the zombies wore latex masks.

The Sega Saturn version of the title was released with the subtitle of "Graveyard Edition". This version features a few exclusives such as a full-screen video (other versions have the FMV boxed in), improved video quality, a difficulty selection (ranging from normal to bloodthirsty to cannibal), items and power-ups that drop down from the top of the screen and can be shot and collected, and "in your face" zombie attacks. These attacks involve a zombie that pops up immediately in front of the "camera" and attacks the player. They can only be killed with armor-piercing rounds or Datura rounds. The Saturn version is also the only version of the game to lack light gun support (though there is no mention of light guns in the manual or packaging for the 3DO version, it does in fact include light gun support).

Reviewing the Sega CD version, "GamePro"s Game Over Man wrote that "This frisky first-person blast-a-thon looks and feels like a bad live-action movie. But your taste for 'bad' just might bring this Corpse to life." He particularly praised the B-movie production values, "typically grainy but stylish" FMV graphics, and the effective controls even when using a standard gamepad instead of a light gun.

The four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" said that the "campy, bad b-movie" cutscenes are entertaining but the gameplay is dull, and that the graphics are only slightly improved from the Sega CD version. A reviewer for "Next Generation" commented that the game itself is "decent", but that the improvement in graphics over the Sega CD version "is so small that only an expert could notice." Toxic Tommy of "GamePro" reviewed that the 32X version retains the elements that made the Sega CD version fun and has far better graphics.

"Electronic Gaming Monthly" reversed their position on the game's cutscenes when reviewing the Saturn version, with all save Andrew Baran now saying that the scenes are dull and repetitive. They also criticized the substandard video quality of the FMV and the "laughable" gameplay. "GamePro"s brief review, while acknowledging the FMV is grainy, noted it was at least superior to any previous version of the game. The reviewer praised the cursor movement's easy control and concluded, "This'll do for zombified Saturn gamers." A brief review from "Next Generation" published over a year after the game's release criticized the "cheesy graphics and extremely repetitious gameplay".

William Mesa, Flash Film Works and Screaming Villains remastered the game from the original source material in 2019 and re-released it as a "25th Anniversary Edition" for Steam, and PlayStation 4. It was also released in physical PS4 media by Limited Run Games. The new version contained several hours' worth of behind-the-scenes video from the original production as well as hundreds of still images, the original production script and other assorted documents.



</doc>
<doc id="2052512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2052512" title="Knights of Honor (video game)">
Knights of Honor (video game)

Knights of Honor is a real-time strategy (RTS) game developed by Bulgarian Black Sea Studios. It was published by Sunflowers Interactive in Europe in 2004 and Paradox Entertainment in North America in 2005. The game takes place in Medieval Europe, spanning the early centuries of the second millennium in three historical time periods. The player can choose to play as one of over 100 playable kingdoms.

In 2019, a sequel titled Knights of Honor II: Sovereign is announced and the game is being developed by Black Sea Games, which consisted of former Creative Assembly Sofia employees who worked on the original game, and will be published by THQ Nordic.

"Knights of Honor" is played on a large map of Europe spanning from Ireland to Caucasus and from Scandinavia to the northern coast of Africa. The map is divided into parcels of land called provinces. Each province is governed by a city and contains several "Rural Areas" which can be towns, farms, monasteries and coast towns. These rural areas can't be altered and are placed randomly across the map before each game. The city, however has room for several buildings which can give bonuses to the rural areas or the city itself, such as more piety in the monasteries when a church is built or a higher income from the towns when a market is present in the city. Other buildings are needed to recruit certain units (such as a swordsmith for sword-wielding units or a fletcher for bow-wielding units) or to defend the city such as walls and towers. A city only has limited room for buildings. Thus, not all buildings can be built in a city and the player must carefully consider what to build for a particular city. Compared to other strategy games, building structures in "KOH" takes a rather long time. The main goal of the game is to become emperor of Europe. However, the player is free to do whatever they wish. There is no set time limit.

There are three kinds of resources which can be spent on a variety of upgrades. Money is needed to recruits units, build buildings, etc. It is earned by taxes, trading and kingdom power. Piety is used for increasing your kingdom power and converting provinces to your religion. Books are used to educate your knights and adopting provinces. Towns themselves also generate hammers (used to construct certain buildings) and food which determines how long they can withstand sieges.

Religion plays an important role in Knights of Honor. There are 4 different types of religion: The Catholic Church, The Orthodox Church, Islam, and Paganism. The catholic Pope has much influence in medieval Europe. He can excommunicate catholic kingdoms and call for crusades against non-catholic kingdoms. When a player chooses to go on a crusade they are granted powerful Crusader units. When the Pope dies, his successor is chosen among several clerics throughout Europe. If the player happens to have a very experienced cleric, there is a chance he will be chosen as Pope. From then on, the player controls the Pope and can choose to excommunicate kingdoms and call for crusades, a successful crusade can result in a puppet state that is unquestionably loyal to the leader of the crusade or plunder the town for a huge sum of gold. The Catholic Church is located in Western Europe and the Mediterranean. Orthodox factions are located in south east Europe and answer to Byzantium. These factions can declare independence and form their own churches which grants them a greater sum of gold while lacking the disadvantage of being excommunicated which results in a gold penalty. Islamic empires have the ability to call a Jihad which is similar to a Crusade and will cause armies to spawn at their borders and attack any invaders or rebels. This is a powerful ability but it has a long cool down period . Islam is found in north Africa and the middle east. Paganism is the smallest religion being found only in Scandinavia and some parts of eastern Europe. Pagans do not collect piety (a religious resource used to build certain units and buildings and perform some diplomatic options) so are free to focus on gold and are not troubled by religious problems such as religious tension but they have a penalty on their income and have bad relations with all other religions. Paganism is the only religion the player or other kingdoms cannot convert to, the only way to play as a pagan nation is to start the game as one. The player can renounce his faith and adopt another official religion (except paganism) but such religious conflict will often split the kingdom up and one must reunify the nations as a result.

Provinces can have up to three attributes called ""province features"" which allow the construction of certain buildings. For instance if a province contains fertile soil, an apiary can be built in that province. These buildings give access to ""trade goods"" which have a number of positive effects on the kingdom. For example, horses allows mounted units, wine makes a population happier and silver brings in extra money. Controlling such provinces is the key to success in "Knights of Honor".
Besides trade goods, which can be obtained in provinces where the right province features are present or by importing them from other kingdoms, there is another type of goods called ""exotic goods"". These goods can't be produced within a province but have to be imported by means of an admiralty, the upgraded version of a harbour. Examples are ivory, gems and spices.
Exotic goods, together with trade goods, are needed to activate so called ""kingdom advantages"". There are ten different kingdom advantages each requiring a different set of trade and exotic goods and each giving a different advantage. For instance, the kingdom advantage ""Secret Order"", which gives a bonus to spies, requires the following trade goods: columns, statues, silver and dyes and the following exotic goods: ebony and ivory.

Controlling many provinces certainly gives an advantage over other kingdoms not only because of more income but also because of the goods and eventually the kingdom advantages. However, larger kingdoms are harder to maintain and defend.

A large community of modders created a lot of content for the game, though nowadays almost all has been lost in the closure of Sunflowers/Black Sea Studios Website. But some mods have been restored and have been recently developed thanks to the nostalgia of some players. One of them has created a mod which allow to play on new monitor resolution such as Full HD - 1920x1080 and 1366x768p. It adds many new content and tweaks. 


</doc>
<doc id="2053053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2053053" title="Command &amp; Conquer (1995 video game)">
Command &amp; Conquer (1995 video game)

Command & Conquer is a 1995 real-time strategy video game developed by Westwood Studios and published by Virgin Interactive. Set in an alternate history, the game tells the story of a world war between two globalized factions: the Global Defense Initiative of the United Nations and a cult-like militant organization called the Brotherhood of Nod, led by the mysterious Kane. The groups compete for control of Tiberium, a mysterious substance that slowly spreads across the world.

Westwood conceived "Command & Conquer" during the final stages of the development of "Dune II", and it expands on ideas explored in that title. Inspired by the events of the era, particularly the Gulf War, the team gave the game a modern warfare setting. The game contains live-action full motion video cutscenes, which star Westwood employees and a single professional actor, Joseph D. Kucan, who plays Kane.

"Command & Conquer" was a commercial and critical success, selling over three million copies and winning numerous awards. It has been cited as the title that defined and popularized the real-time strategy genre. The game was the first in the "Command & Conquer" series, which sold 30 million copies by 2009. To mark the 12th anniversary of the franchise, Electronic Arts, the current publisher and owner of the series, released the game for free in 2007.

"Command & Conquer" involves players operating as one of two playable factions on a map - the Global Defense Initiative (GDI), and the Brotherhood of Nod - developing bases, gathering resources and using them to produce troops, and then defeating their opponents by eliminating their army and either destroying or capturing their base. Base production and unit training is funded by gather Tiberium, the game's sole resource, through the use of harvesting units, and processing them into credits through a refinery structure. Each faction has it own type of units, its own superweapon, and its own combat strategy: GDI rely on large-scale strategic attacks with expensive, but sturdy and powerful units; while Nod rely on bigger armies and using unconventional tactics with cheap and unusual units.

Producing units requires establishing a base through a special unit called a Mobile Construction Vehicle (MCV) - MCVs can only be deployed in open flat land, and structures must be placed within close proximity with each other. Bases can be protected with defensive structures, and units are produced in production structures (i.e. Barracks for infantry), with tech buildings helping to unlock more advanced units; construction options function on a tech tree, in that certain buildings must be constructed to unlock new options. Silos can be built to store more resources, as the refinery structures can hold a finite amount, repair facilities can be built to repair damaged vehicles, and power plants are required to keep the base operational - low power slows down unit production, and stops defensive weapons working. In total, the game contain around fifty units and structures.

"Command & Conquer" features two single-player campaigns, one for each faction, in which the player must undertake a series of missions across a campaign map for their chosen faction. The objective of most campaign missions is usually to destroy units, or destroy / take control of enemy buildings, with each mission beginning with a briefing conducted using a mix of computer animations and live-action full motion video (FMV). At times during the campaign, the player can choose which mission to undertake, which offer different scenarios to overcome.

The original DOS release features multiplayer with up to four players, a rarity at the time, with internet-based multiplayer being made available in "Command & Conquer Gold", which also features SVGA visuals. The game's Sega Saturn and PlayStation ports lack multiplayer support, though the latter was released with the inclusion of the fifteen single-player missions from "The Covert Operations" expansion pack. The Nintendo 64 version, while lacking multiplayer support as well, features updated graphics, with 3D models and environments, and four new "Special Ops" missions, though the FMV cutscenes were removed and replaced with static images, accompanied by voice acting and sound effects.

"Command & Conquer" is set in an alternate timeline, and begins with a meteorite crashing near the river Tiber in Italy in the 1990s. The meteorite brings with it an alien substance that scientist call Tiberium, named after its impact site, which can absorb and crystallize precious metals from the surrounding soil, but also terraform its surroundings and produce extremely toxic gases and radiation that is fatal to humans and animals. An ancient, cultic secret society called the Brotherhood of Nod, who claims to have foreseen the potentials of this new substance through their self-proclaimed messianic figure known only as Kane, invests in the development of technology to harvest and refine Tiberium crystals, way ahead of the scientific community's own research, and use the resources it gathers to accumulate a rapidly growing army of followers worldwide.

By 1995, Tiberium has spread across the planet, with Nod having control of nearly half of substance that is growing, and conducting terrorist campaigns in wealthy countries, while establishing footholds in some of the poorer nations. To counter Nod, who are deemed a threat, the United Nations Security Council authorizes a bill for the formation of a multi-national military taskforce called the Global Defense Initiative, with the specific task of intervening against Nod across the globe. The conflict between the two sides eventually culminates in a world-wide war between GDI and Nod by 1996, with Kane focused on operations in Africa, while GDI conduct military operations in Europe to stabilise the region.

With the UN calling for GDI to assist in combating Nod in Europe, the player assists as a GDI commander under the command of General Mark Jamison Sheppard. After establishing a beachhead within Nod's territory in Eastern Europe, GDI focus on controlling Poland and Belarus and removing troops from occupied lands in Germany. However, Kane uses media manipulation to convince the world that GDI deliberately attacked and massacred the citizens of the Polish city of Białystok. Although Solomon denies GDI's involvement, the UN cuts funding to the military outfit, forcing GDI to mount defensive operations against a sudden surge of Nod attacks, including protecting bases and leading Tiberium scientist Dr. Ignatio Mobius. However, Nod soon finds themselves on the defensive upon learning that it was a ruse designed by Solomon and the UN to lure them into a false sense of security, with new funding allowing GDI to bring forth new combat units to help in battle. Eventually GDI locates Kane's main base of operation at a complex called the Temple of Nod in Sarajevo, Bosnia, with Solomon ordering his forces to launch a final assault to defeat him. GDI succeeds, with the complex destroyed by GDI's superweapon, the space-based Ion Cannon, ending the conflict, though leaving some experts to question if Nod will cease operating.

With Nod engaged in open warfare across the globe, Kane gives orders for his forces to secure territory in Africa, with his second-in-command Seth assigning the player, a new recruit, to assist in the Brotherhood's operations. After successfully conducting operations in Northern Africa through the use of both conventional and unconventional warfare, hitting GDI targets, eliminating warlords, and securing a set of codes for nuclear missiles, Seth attempts to send the recruit to attack the United States military, but is executed by Kane for initiating a rogue operation. Upon combating the chaos Seth created, and countering GDI's efforts to re-establish themselves in Northern Africa, Kane assigns his recruit to lead the charge in securing the rest of the continent, eventually culminating in them establishing a Temple of Nod in South Africa and securing control of GDI's Ion Cannon. With the cannon secured, Kane denotes victory in Africa, and makes plans to achieve the same in Europe, allowing the recruit to use the cannon to destroy one of four historical landmarks with the hijacked Ion Cannon - the White House, the British Houses of Parliament, the Eiffel Tower, or the Brandenburg Gate - thus shattering GDI's public image.

Westwood Studios began developing "Command & Conquer" in early 1993, after conceiving the game near the end of "Dune II"’s development. The team sought to build on the foundation laid by their earlier game, and Westwood co-founder Brett Sperry later said that ""Command & Conquer" was the net result of the "Dune II" wish list." Following the success of "Dune II", Sperry believed that "it was time to build the ultimate RTS" with an original intellectual property. He later said that he was "fanatical about calling the game 'Command & Conquer'," because he believed that the title was an ideal summary of the gameplay.

"Command & Conquer" originally took place in a high fantasy world before being redesigned. The team changed to a modern warfare setting because of the political climate of the mid-1990s, and they later cited the Gulf War as a key influence in this decision. Westwood co-founder Louis Castle said that "[w]ar was in the news and the threat of terrorism was on everyone's mind". The setting was further influenced by Sperry's belief that future wars would not be "nation-to-nation", but would rather be "fought between Western society and a kind of anarchistic terror organization that doesn't have a centralized government." The team sought to make the player feel like their computer was "a terminal to a real battlefield", going so far as to make the installation process resemble hacking a "military infrastructure". However, Castle noted that the team "created [a parallel universe] to avoid dealing with the sobering issues of a real war."

In a retrospective, Paul Mallinson of "Computer & Video Games" ("CVG") wrote that the game's production was "speedy, focused and fun". Castle said that, because the company was creating other titles at the time, development of "Command & Conquer" was not a "working party"; but lead programmer Joe Bostic later said that it was "so much fun that I would sometimes marvel that I actually got paid as well." The game's playtesters were enthusiastic about the game during development, which Castle later said had encouraged the team to work harder. The team created live-action FMV cutscenes for the game. These cutscenes contain no professional actors aside from Kucan, who played Kane and was heavily involved in their production. The cast is made up of Westwood team members, and a low budget meant that filming took place in "spare rooms" and warehouses. Castle later said that the team "had no illusions that we were as good as TV or film," but that the cutscenes were not intentionally campy. He credited Kucan with "taking [a] ragtag group of people who had no business in front of a camera and making something reasonably good." To replace the spice from "Dune II", the team introduced Tiberium, which was inspired by the 1957 B-movie "The Monolith Monsters". Castle said that the team's goal in both cases was to create "a central resource that everybody was fighting over." As with "Dune II", the soundtrack was composed by Frank Klepacki.

To create the game's landscapes, the artists took digitized photographs of real world terrain and manipulated them with rendering techniques.

The game was released for DOS in 1995. In 1996, the game received a Windows 95 re-release titled "Command & Conquer: Gold" (also known as C&C 95), featuring SVGA visuals. A port for the Macintosh was released in 1996, with the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn versions following in 1996–97, and the Nintendo 64 version arriving on June 29, 1999. Due to a deal between Virgin Interactive and Sega, the console version was a Saturn exclusive until 1997. In 2007, "Command & Conquer" was released as a free download by Electronic Arts. The game's PlayStation version was later released on the PlayStation Network in Europe.

In 1996, Westwood released an expansion pack "The Covert Operations", adding 15 new missions, and unlocking an easter egg mini-campaign involving dinosaurs. A spin-off game titled "Command & Conquer: Sole Survivor" focuses entirely on online multiplayer, putting the players in control of single units in modes such as deathmatch and capture the flag.

In 2008, an unofficial patch was released to keep C&C working on both 32 and 64 bit versions of Windows XP and higher. The patch fixes several bugs in the game, and adds upgrades like higher resolution and support for language packs.

A 3DO Interactive Multiplayer version of C&C was announced to be in development, but this port was never released.

"Command & Conquer" was a commercial hit. In the United States, PC Data declared it the fourth-best-selling CD-ROM product across all categories for October 1995, and #7 in the computer game category the following month. It was absent from December's top 10 in the country.

By April 1996, "Command & Conquer" had sold 500,000 copies worldwide, and Westwood Studios reported sales above 1 million units by September of that year. Domestically, the game was the seventh-best-selling computer game for the first half of 1996. The game was particularly popular in France and Germany, and sold 200,000 copies in the latter country by November 1996. Sales across all platforms reached 1.7 million units by February 1997, and the game went on to sell more than three million.

Critical reception of "Command & Conquer" was highly positive. It was named the best strategy game of 1995 by "PC Gamer US" and—tied with ""—"Computer Gaming World", and the year's top real-time strategy title and overall "Game of the Year" by "Computer Games Strategy Plus". In 1998, "Command & Conquer Gold" was nominated at the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences' first annual Interactive Achievement Awards in the category "Computer Strategy Game of the Year".

"Entertainment Weekly"'s Bob Strauss offered the game effusive praise, writing: "If you liked playing with toy soldiers as a kid, you'll think you've stepped on a land mine and gone to heaven". Strauss believed that its cutscenes, voice clips and "nonstop action" served to "[enliven] the usually stodgy war game genre". After highlighting its multiplayer and citing its installation process as "the coolest [...] I've ever seen", he concluded that the game "makes other war simulations look as flat as "Risk"." A reviewer for "Next Generation" called it "a game that any strategy fan has to pick up." While complaining at the lack of a high-resolution mode, he applauded the gameplay for its combination of simple and intuitive control with deep and complex strategy, and said the full motion video cutscenes add considerably to the game's depth. He also complimented the soundtrack and fast pace. Peter Smith of "Computer Games Magazine" called "Command & Conquer" "an adrenaline rush in a box", writing: "Everything about this game shouts quality." Smith lauded the game's music and sound effects, gameplay and story, and even its install program. Smith noted some minor problems, citing issues with the game's artificial intelligence, but finished by saying that "Westwood has really raised the bar with this one." Chris Hudak of "GameSpot" wrote: "Starting from the load-screens and straight on 'til morning, "Command & Conquer" is one of the finest, most brilliantly-designed computer games I have ever seen."

Martin E. Cirulis of "Computer Gaming World" wrote that "Command & Conquer" "remains mainly a good, networkable version of "Dune II"". Cirulis found the game's interface intuitive and described its online component as "sophisticated and easy-to-use", also praising its story for being "as interesting as the actual tactics and gunfire", and commented that he "would buy "C&C2" just to see where things are going to end up". However, according to him, the developers failed "to correct major shortcomings" in "Dune II", as its fog of war does not fit with the real-world setting, also finding fault with design choices in the game's missions, which he believed were structured like "puzzles" that allowed for only one way to win. Nevertheless, he concluded that it remained "the best-looking and sounding strategy game yet" despite its flaws, and that it was "more than entertaining enough to make up for its shortcomings." Writing for "PC Gamer US", T. Liam McDonald wrote that the game "has all the playability of "Dune II", but with more diverse units, more unusual scenarios, and impressively executed wraparound cutscenes." McDonald called its combat a "satisfying blend of action and strategy", and noted that this, combined with an attention to "little details", made the game a "success", also praising its cutscenes as "terrifically executed". Although he was disappointed that the game lacked "fancier terrain or another zoom level", McDonald concluded: "This game is a whole lot of fun, so get it, play it, and love it like your own child."

The "Electronic Gaming Monthly" review team gave the Saturn version their "Game of the Month" award, citing the excellent translation of the PC version, accessible gameplay, and numerous strategic options, though they criticized that the soldier graphics are too small. All four of them gave identical scores to the PlayStation version, though they noted it had marginally exceeded the Saturn version by including additional missions. Rich Leadbetter of "Sega Saturn Magazine" also praised the game's accessibility, as well as the mission design, effective point-and-click control with the gamepad, and strong AI for both enemy and allied troops. However, he said the game could have been done on the Sega CD, and objected to the omission of the PC version's multiplayer mode, contending that had it been included "Command & Conquer" would have been one of the Saturn's best games. Major Mike reviewed both the Saturn and PlayStation versions in the same issue of "GamePro". He described them as largely the same, and said they both suffer from inaccurate cursor movement, but recommended them for their strong gameplay, sound effects, and graphics, especially the full motion video. "Next Generation" deemed the Saturn version "the triumphant high point of [the] real-time strategy genre for home consoles." Like Leadbetter, the reviewer highly criticized the removal of multiplayer support, but argued that the lowered graphics resolution would only be noticeable to players of the PC version, and identified the remixed redbook soundtrack and added transparencies as improvements over the PC version. Reviewing "Command & Conquer"’s Sega Saturn port, "Next Generation Online" commented that it did little to improve the core game, and noted its lower resolution and missing multiplayer functionality as significant negatives. However, the review still called it one of the console's best games and a "must-buy for Saturn owners". "CVG"’s Kim Randell wrote that the Saturn version is "up there with AM2's finest games" and "a joy to play", as it "thrives on deceptively simple gameplay" despite its unimpressive graphics and sound, and adding that the later missions are "masterpieces of gaming design". Randell believed that the port's missing multiplayer mode would have made it as good as "Virtua Fighter 2" and "NiGHTS Into Dreams", but that it "isn't far off this realm of excellence" without it.

"Game Informer"'s three reviewers praised the Saturn and PlayStation ports of "Command & Conquer". While the magazine's Andy McNamara wrote that "the best way to play "C&C" is on the PC", he called the console version a "fantastic port" marred only by "rather clumsy" controls and the inability to save in the middle of a mission. Andrew Reiner agreed, calling it a "flawless PC port" that "perfectly" recreates the thrills of the original; but he was displeased that it did not feature multiplayer support. Jon Storm summarized it as "an excellent addition to any PlayStation or Saturn library." Glenn Rubenstein noted in his review that the score he was giving the Saturn version was the highest "GameSpot" had yet given to any console game, even exceeding "Super Mario 64" and "Tomb Raider". He said the game had converted well to Saturn, and in particular contested the way other critics counted the omission of multiplayer against it, saying that such a feature was beyond the console's capabilities. He concluded, "With its mix of in-depth strategy, tactical action, and slick storytelling, "Command & Conquer" brings console strategy games out of the shadow they've lived in for so long." Though he noted the PlayStation version had the advantage of additional missions, he held it to be slightly inferior to the Saturn version due to the faster speed at which it plays. He also criticized the lack of multiplayer, noting that the PlayStation Link Cable could have been used (apparently unaware that a similar link cable was available for the Saturn). A reviewer for "Next Generation" wrote: "Just like the ported Saturn version, PSX [PlayStation] "C&C" adds little to the existing game." The review's author cited the lower resolution and lack of multiplayer as low points, but noted that the addition of the "Covert Operations" missions "adds to the overall replay value".

Reviewing the Nintendo 64 version of "Command & Conquer", Erik Reppen of "Game Informer" wrote that it "has done an amazing job of completely reworking the old levels into a 3D polygonal format." Although he said that the game "offers plenty to keep you entertained", he disliked the heavy sound compression and the loss of the FMV cutscenes present in earlier versions. IGN's Aaron Boulding opened his review by saying: "To their credit, Looking Glass developed "Command & Conquer" with all of the elements you want from a quality RTS." Boulding praised the gameplay and the "Special Ops" missions, but noted that most of the units were distinct from the PC version. He was less happy with the port's graphics, calling them "hit and miss", though he lauded the audio effects and voice work. Boulding also said the controls were well handled, though a bit complicated, and concluded: ""Command & Conquer" is a fine game and may get a little addictive for anyone who never got into the PC version of the game. But for anyone who ran through the old version, the N64 won't offer much in the way of new thrills beyond the new N64 missions and the 3D world."

"Next Generation" commented that, while earlier ports had trouble recreating the mouse controls of the original, the Nintendo 64 version "handles it beautifully". The review's author stated that the controller's analog stick "allow[s for] the same simple point and click interface as the PC", adding that "the entire interface is equally responsive and well planned." The reviewer praised its graphics and audio, even calling the voice acting "the most competent [...] ever to appear en masse on the platform", but disliked its lack of multiplayer support, and concluded that the port "keeps the spirit of the game perfectly while adapting it wonderfully to the limitations of the N64". James Bottorff of "The Cincinnati Enquirer" believed that advancements in the real-time strategy genre rendered the Nintendo 64 port outdated, despite its new "bells and whistles". However, Bottorff wrote that those who had not played earlier "Command & Conquer" releases would find it "highly addictive", adding that its "controls are surprisingly good for a PC port."

On November 14, 2018, EA announced they will release a remastered version of "Command & Conquer" (along with its expansion packs) and its prequel, "", in collaboration with Petroglyph Games.

"Command & Conquer" spawned the "Command & Conquer" franchise, which sold 30 million copies in total by November 2009. The story of the game continued in the , including an action title "" that revisits the original game's First Tiberium War. In 1996, Westwood launched the prequel series "", telling the story of a global conflict between the Western nations and the Soviet Union which took place instead of World War II.

The game has also been cited as a large influence on the real-time strategy genre overall. In 1996, "Computer Gaming World" ranked "Command & Conquer" as the 48th best game of all time, opining that despite being not "as complete a design as "Warcraft II"", the game set "a new standard for great multiplayer play". That same year, "Next Generation" ranked it as the 49th top game of all time for how "it brought war gaming out of prehistoric, hexagonal mire and made it cool". "CVG"’s Mallinson wrote in 2002 that "hundreds of other strategy games", from "StarCraft" to "Age of Empires", had borrowed concepts from "Command & Conquer" and "the RTS genre is still thriving, and that is all thanks to "Command & Conquer"". Bruce Geryk of GameSpot commented that "the name ["Command & Conquer"] is nearly synonymous with RTS gaming"; and GameSpy's Mark Walker wrote that ""Warcraft" and "Dune II" were little more than warm up acts" for "Command & Conquer", which "blew open the genre", and credited the title with popularizing real-time strategy games in the years following its release. Dan Adams of IGN wrote that the game, alongside "", "cemented the popularity" of the real-time strategy genre in the wake of "Dune II". Polish web portal Wirtualna Polska ranked it as the seventh most addictive game "that stole our childhood".



</doc>
<doc id="2053056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2053056" title="Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian Sun">
Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian Sun

Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun is a 1999 real-time strategy video game developed by Westwood Studios, published by Electronic Arts, and released exclusively for Microsoft Windows on August 27, 1999. The game is the sequel to the 1995 game "Command & Conquer", and featured a number of improvements on the original including a change to in-game perpespective, balancing of units between playable factions, additional resources for gathering, new graphic effects and a new soundtrack. The main story of the game focuses on a new conflict between the Global Defense Initiative (GDI) and the Brotherhood of Nod, 30 years after the previous war between the two sides, after Kane returns from the dead with a plan that GDI seek to thwart.

The game suffered numerous delays during development, with a number of additional features added to the game within the expansion pack "Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun - Firestorm", including a multiplayer global war mode. "Tiberian Sun" was a commercial success and received positive reviews from critics, despite some of the technical bugs in the game. The game was later succeeded by the 2007 sequel "", while the game and its expansion were later licensed by Electronic Arts as freeware on February 12, 2010.

"Tiberian Sun" sees players taking on opponents by building bases, gathering resources, creating armies, and then defeating their opposition by wiping out their units and either capturing or destroying their bases. Gameplay functions similar to the 1995 game, though both playable factions in the games received significant changes to balance out units but retaining notable differences with new structures and units for each - GDI rely on heavy strategic attacks, with new technologies including special defensive walls and units that can traverse bodies of water; Nod rely on unconventional, fanatical methods of attacks, with new technologies including deployable units for defensive purposes and units that can burrow under the ground and emerge behind enemy defences.

The game operates on a new isometric game engine featuring varying level terrain to give the impression of a true 3D environment, and dynamic lighting the simulates day/night cycles and special effects such as ion storms. Some buildings and armored units are rendered with voxels, although infantry is still rendered as sprites. Tiberium, the game's sole resource required to fund construction of structures and units, now consists of two types - the standard green tiberium, and a more valuable blue tiberium - while bridges in the game that are destroyed can be repaired by using a faction's engineer unit on a special hut building connected to the bridge. Crates can be found that convey bonuses such as extra credits, or healing a set number of damaged units.

While the game features network and online multiplayer modes, the game's campaign mode allows players to choose one of two factions who conduct missions across three different theatres of war - North America, Europe, and North Africa. Each faction's campaign features different missions, though a number of these include optional side missions which can be undertaken, and if completed confer a bonus that reduces its difficulty, ranging from additional units, to a reduction in enemy units.

"Tiberian Sun" takes place within an alternate timeline involving two factions - the Global Defense Initiative (GDI), and the Brotherhood of Nod - and an alien substance called "Tiberium", and occurs after the events of "Command & Conquer". Tiberium has become a serious problem for the world since its arrival in the 1990s, not only in causing a conflict between GDI and Nod over control of the valuable crystals it creates from leeching precious metals from the soil - leading to the First Tiberium War - but also allowing the substance to slowly spread and terraform the planet's ecology and landscape, including causing mutations in humans, the formation of new alien lifeforms, and the development of new weather patterns called Ion Storms. By the 21st century, GDI is focused on researching the means to combat Tiberium's spread, making use of an orbital space station called the "Philadelphia" to command its forces, while Nod has splintered following the presumed death of its leader Kane, with both factions working to develop new technology to provide each with equal strength in their armies, including armoured walkers, cyborgs, advanced defensive measures, and armoured infantry.

The campaigns of "Tiberian Sun" focus on a new global conflict erupting in 2030, when Kane returns and re-energises Nod, forcing GDI to combat their efforts, and resulting in the Second Tiberium War. GDI's campaign focuses on the efforts of a commander who must combat the sudden surge of attacks, working alongside a faction of mutants known as "The Forgotten", in order to thwart Kane's latest plans with Tiberium. Nod's campaign focuses on the efforts of an officer who escapes execution by a de-facto leader, controlled by GDI, and works to reunite Nod in order to complete Kane's plans. Much of the appearances of units and buildings are influenced by science fiction elements.

GDI commander Michael McNeil is recalled from a training exercise to assist in combating Nod, after being informed by his superior, General James Solomon, that Kane has returned. McNeil is assigned with initially pushing out Nod forces from GDI territories in North America, led by Nod general and drug lord Vega, before Solomon assigns him to assist a recon team in securing a ship of alien origin that the Brotherhood have taken an interest in. Although the ship is secured, GDI finds it cleaned out by Vega and proceed to track him down, coming across a mutant named Umagon who requests their help in rescuing Tratos, the leader of the Forgotten, who can help explain what Vega stole. Discovering that the ship contained an alien database called the Tacitus that Kane sought, McNeil pursues Vega to his base in Central America. Cornered and learning that Kane has no further use for him, Vega takes a fatal drug overdose before his base is nuked, informing McNeil before he dies that the Tacitus is already being shipped to Nod's base in North Africa.

Learning that Nod is pursuing after GDI's research in Northern Europe, focused on creating sonic crystals that can help combat Tiberium's spread, McNeil is assigned to reclaim an important GDI base in the region before pursuing after the stolen crystals. However, GDI soon learns that Kane has developed chemical missiles that can accelerate the spread of Tiberium across the continent, forcing McNeil to combat the imminent threat it poses along with eliminating a factory developing a new aircraft for the Brotherhood. Eventually, GDI moves towards Egypt to combat Nod at their main base in Cairo, only to learn that Kane's ultimate plan is to launch an ICBM missile containing a warhead of pure, concentrated Tiberium, that can transform the entire planet. Against the advice of Solomon, McNeil launches a direct assault on Kane's base, ultimately destroying the missile and killing Kane, ending the conflict once again, and securing the Tactitus for GDI's research team to analyze.

Anton Slavik, an officer of Nod's elite unit called "The Black Hand", is arrested by the Brotherhood's new leader Hassan as a spy of GDI. Before he can be executed, Slavik is rescued by a member of his crew, posing as a Nod journalist, and begins working to reunite Nod in Northern Africa, with the assistance of the Brotherhood's AI CABAL. Shortly after capturing Hassan and ending the internal conflict within the Brotherhood, Slavik charges him for treason, revealing him to be a GDI puppet. Before Hassan is executed, Kane announces his return, fully reuniting Nod's splinter factions. Pleased with Slavik's work, Kane assigns him to disrupt a GDI excavation at Nod's former temple in Sarajevo, in order to prevent them locating an alien database and a special project housing it. However, Slavik finds the project missing, having been taken by Vega. Forced to North America to retrieve it, Slavik and his crew recover the missing project and the database (the Tacitus), but are tricked by GDI into attacking a research facility, leading to them being captured.

Imprisoned in a base in Northern Europe, Slavik receives a message from CABAL that a Nod strike force has arrived to rescue him, and executes a plan that leads to his escape. Learning from Kane that he has completed a new missile that will give Nod an ultimate victory and shape the future of the planet, Slavik implements operations to disrupt GDI's research into a new advanced battle walker, and captures a member of a highly advanced GDI base in order to infiltrate it. With Kane's plan nearing completion, Slavik attacks the base, captures it, and uses anti-satellite weapons to destroy the Philadelphia. Kane then launches his missile, achieving ascension and vanishing, while transforming the Earth into a Tiberiumized planet that he had envisioned as humanity's evolutionary future.

"Tiberian Sun" was announced after the release of the original "Command & Conquer", with a trailer featured on its discs. After Virgin Interactive Entertainment was facing financial difficulties and was selling some of its assets, Electronic Arts acquired Westwood Studios in 1998 and published "Tiberian Sun", and had no direct part in its development. "Tiberian Sun"s development was troubled before and after the acquisition, and was delayed numerous times - first for November 1998, then for spring 1999, then ultimately summer 1999. This resulted in a number of engine and gameplay features being omitted from the game, some of which were later included in "Firestorm" expansion pack, as well as numerous bugs which have not been fixed even after the patching period.

Several images and references in the "Tiberian Sun" "rules" file indicate that more features were planned for the release. A former Westwood employee, Adam Isgreen, who was working for Petroglyph Games at the time, elaborated upon them in March and May 2007. Drop-pods were intended to be customizable for GDI before deployment. Lighting was intended to make a huge difference for day/night play, as units spotted by light posts/towers would be susceptible to enemy fire at greater ranges, and in turn would suffer a reduction in their own range ability. Westwood planned the Hunter/Seeker Droid option to support selection of target types, but ultimately the droid was made to attack at random. Developers also didn't have enough time to finalize balanced differences in terrain types.

While art direction and balancing worked out according to plan, during development many other problems occurred. For example, the dynamic battlefield with terrain alteration and forest fires was very ambitious, but had to be reduced as it led to unsolvable path finding problems. Also a "loadout" screen was to be implemented, allowing commanders to pick units to take into battle before missions. The idea did not fit into the final project, so it was cut although fully developed. Other unpolished ideas were kept in leading to a lot of feature creep. The game also had planning troubles in post production. Storage and network requirements for the digitized video didn't meet the demands. The studio was working with professional actors for the first time. Recording started early when plot lines where not fully developed, but also not subject to change as re-recording would be too expensive and interfere with localisation schedules. The game engine's shift to make it look more 3D and destructible bridges took over ten times longer to program as originally estimated. Adding repairable bridges that can also be passed underneath complicated systems such as path-finding, Z-buffering, rendering, unit behavior, and AI. The bridges became a core element that was used excessively in map design.

"Tiberian Sun" featured full motion video cutscenes as with the 1995 game, though while the franchise's cutscene director Joseph D. Kucan reprised his role as Kane, the cast of characters created for the game involved a number of well-known Hollywood actors - GDI characters included the actors Michael Biehn and James Earl Jones; Nod characters included Frank Zagarino; and Forgotten characters included the actors of Christine Steel, Christopher Winfield, and Nils Allen Stewart.

"Tiberian Sun" features a futuristic and ambient soundtrack by Jarrid Mendelson and Frank Klepacki, who composed the signature themes for the movie sequences, as well as the game's with the intention to differ from the original Command & Conquer in order to capture the mood for each mission. Klepacki and Mendelson's soundtrack was released on CD, with only 16 tracks, on November 9, 2005, by EA Recordings (E.A.R.S), excluding the five remaining tracks and the Firestorm tracks.

"Command & Conquer: Tiberian Sun – Firestorm" is an expansion pack developed by Westwood for "Tiberian Sun", and published by Electronic Arts on March 7, 2000. The expansion pack brings a number of gameplay elements missing from the main game, as well as two new campaigns set after the events of the GDI campaign of the main game, a selection of new units, and the inclusion of a third faction for Skirmish mode and multiplayer. One of the more notable elements brought in by the expansion pack was the return to FMV briefings directed towards the player and a linear storyline combining the campaigns. The game's story focuses on a crisis that slowly emerges when both GDI and Nod try to make use of the AI CABAL to help them with their operations, unaware it is using them for its own schemes.

In 2034, several months after the Second Tiberium War has concluded, GDI conducts a salvage operation to recover important technology from Kane's former Temple in Cairo, including the alien database known as the Tacitus. Shortly after it is recovered, an ion storm hits the transport carrying it and causes it to crash. Because of a communication blackout with the space station Philadelphia, GDI officer General Cortez assumes temporary command from a ground base, and assigns a commander to recover the database and any survivors at the crash site, whereupon the core is sent to a GDI research team led by Cortez's ex-wife Dr. Boudreau, who is working to find the means to counter the spread of Tiberium before the planet becomes too toxic for humans to live on.

Meanwhile, Black Hand leader Anton Slavik faces opposition from several Nod council members to allow him to lead the Brotherhood, and assigns a task force to help him reactivate the Brotherhood's AI CABAL. Once active, CABAL assigns a Nod commander to cause disruptions against GDI settlements, as well as eliminating the mutant leader Tratos, forcing GDI to quell the resultant riot that erupts. Slavik becomes concerned over the assignments his commander received from CABAL and soon orders the AI to be shut down, only for it turn against Nod. GDI, seeking another way to translate the Tacitus with Tratos dead, acquires a core belonging to CABAL in order to use the AI, and soon learn the database is missing a segment. Upon the segment being recovered and connected to the database, CABAL betrays GDI and attacks them with cyborgs, forcing Cortez to order the evacuation of Boudreau's team.

With both GDI and Nod seeking to stop the crisis being caused by CABAL, Cortez orders his forces to prevent the AI from securing humans to be processed into more cyborgs, while Slavik assigns a team to raid a GDI base and secure an EVA unit to replace the rogue AI. Eventually, both sides form a ceasefire in the wake of CABAL's actions, deeming the AI too great a threat to ignore. Both sides launch operations to counter CABAL's forces, and eventually destroy his core, ending the crisis. Boudreau eventually manages to unlock the Tacitus and acquires a vast amount of data, allowing Cortez to provide good news to the rest of GDI command as the communicaiton blackout ends. Meanwhile, Slavik assumes full command of Nod, making certain to continue the Brotherhood in following the visions and prophecies of Kane. Unknown to both sides, CABAL's memory feeds into a hidden cryobunker, where Kane resides, recovering from his wounds inflicted towards the end of the Second Tiberium War.

"Firestorm" follows the events as they unfolded in the GDI ending of "Tiberian Sun", with its campaigns no longer structured into two competing storylines but consisting of two different narratives over the same series of events. With Nod fractured into feuding warlords following Kane's death, Anton Slavik is determined to keep Kane's ideology alive through the resurrection of Nod's highly advanced artificial intelligence, CABAL (Computer Assisted Biologically Augmented Lifeform). Meanwhile, the Global Defense Initiative continues its ongoing campaign to stop the spread of Tiberium and its monstrous mutations by retrieving the extraterrestrial Tacitus device, and decides to take control of CABAL to help it decode the device (after Nod, under orders from CABAL, assassinated Tratos, leader of the Forgotten and the only other individual on Earth with the knowledge necessary to translate the Tacitus). Unbeknownst to both GDI and Nod, CABAL has two cores and intentionally allows each faction to take possession of one so that it can simultaneously manipulate both factions to do its bidding. After securing the Tacitus, CABAL goes rogue and attempts to conquer the world through the systematic assimilation of human populations into cyborg armies, forcing GDI and Nod to unite temporarily against it. Upon successfully defeating CABAL, GDI is able to recover the Tacitus and finds a large portion of it having already been translated, bringing new hope to combating Tiberium infestation; in the Nod ending, the defeated CABAL appears to merge with the consciousness of a resurrected/recovering Kane.

"Tiberian Sun" was highly anticipated since the beginning of its development. It was the fastest selling game on the EA games label, selling 1.5 million copies within a month. In the German gaming magazine PC Player issue 01/2000, "Tiberian Sun" received a special award as "Most Hyped Game in 1999" (the year the game was released). The earlier "Command & Conquer" games had been commercial successes in Germany, with sales between 500,000 and 700,000 units in the region. Within eight days of release, it received a "Platinum" award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), indicating sales of at least 200,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. This performance set records in Germany, according to the VUD. The committee raised it to "Double-Platinum" status (400,000 sales) by the end of June 2000, which made it the third computer game ever to receive the designation. "Tiberian Sun" sold over 1 million copies by October 12, after having shipped 1.5 million for its launch. It sold 2.4 million before the release of "Red Alert 2".

In the United States, "Tiberian Sun" sold 419,533 copies by the end of 1999, for revenues of $18.62 million. This made it the region's sixth-best-selling and fourth-highest-grossing computer game of 1999. It sold another 283,544 units ($8.08 million) in the country during 2000. In the United Kingdom, it remained the sixth-best-selling computer game of all time by 2006.

"Tiberian Sun" was voted #29 in PC Gamer Magazine's Readers All-Time Top 50 Games Poll in the April 2000 issue. GameGenie.com rated the game 5/5, and stated: "This game is worth much more than what you pay, because if you look at everything that has been put together in this game, you'll see how truly awesome it is. My point, and bottom line, is that just about anyone can enjoy this game. They may not sit down and play it for hours on end every day like a large number of war gamers will, but they still can watch the movies and play around with the units enough that they'll have fun. I heartily recommend this game to everyone."

Daniel Erickson reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "Westwood has fine tunes "Command & Conquer", but that's not enough to please the RTS-crazed gaming public."

"GameSpot" noted that the new soundtrack is "catchy", and stated that the game is an excellent sequel to the original Command & Conquer.

Despite some of the game's technical issues, many reviewers considered the interactive environment, new graphics, new array of units, new concepts, single-player (story wise) and the popular multi-player to be the significant high-points of "Tiberian Sun", and credited it with high rankings.



</doc>
<doc id="2058103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2058103" title="Rodent's Revenge">
Rodent's Revenge

Rodent's Revenge is a computer puzzle game created by Christopher Lee Fraley and distributed as part of Microsoft Entertainment Pack 2 in 1991. The player takes on the role of a mouse, with the objective being to trap cats by pushing blocks around, whilst avoiding obstacles.

To win a level, the mouse must stay alive and trap all the cats using the movable blocks. Doing so changes the cats into cheese, which the mouse can eat for extra points. The player is given three lives before the game is over.

The 50 levels get increasingly harder, but the player is allowed to start playing at any level. The difficulty of each level is determined by several factors. Sink holes trap the mouse for a few seconds. Mouse traps kill the mouse if it accidentally walks into one. Flying balls of yarn kill the mouse on contact. The number of movable blocks determine how difficult it is to trap the cats, while the unmovable blocks make it hard to move blocks around and hinder navigation.

During each level, a clock ticks away until it reaches a certain point, which is represented by a blue line. When this happens, more cats are spawned into the level, making it more difficult, but also increasing the potential reward. After the new cats have spawned, the blue line moves further around the clock and it resumes ticking.

Points are awarded for completing a level and for eating pieces of cheese. Players are awarded extra points based on how quickly they complete the level and the difficulty involved. The best scores are displayed on the high score table, which shows the best games overall and from the past 24 hours.




</doc>
<doc id="2058605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2058605" title="Front Office Football">
Front Office Football

Front Office Football is a series of sports management games where the player directs an NFL football team. It was designed by Jim Gindin, as part of his one-man company, Solecismic Software, founded in Redmond, Washington on February 20, 1998.

It has had seven sequels: "Front Office Football 2", "Front Office Football 2001", "Front Office Football 2002", "Front Office Football 4", "Front Office Football 2004", "Front Office Football 2007", "Front Office Football 7," and "Front Office Football 8". A college football version titled "Front Office Football: The College Years" was released in 2001. Having received many favorable reviews over the years, it has been called the most realistic American football simulation for the computer.

"Front Office Football 2004" was the first version that allowed for multi-player capability, resulting in the creation of several on-line leagues.

"Front Office Football 8" was released on November 23, 2016.

In 2018, Gindin announced after years without a publisher following being dropped by EA Sports, he had joined forces with Out of the Park Developments.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" nominated "Front Office Football: The College Years" as the best sports game of 2001, but ultimately gave the award to "High Heat Baseball 2002".




</doc>
<doc id="2060758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2060758" title="Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World">
Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World

Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World (; alternatively subtitled Epic of the Light) was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by Gravity Corp. of South Korea and is the sequel to "Ragnarok Online". Most of the game's universe is based on Norse mythology. After entering a closed beta testing phase in 2006 and continuing through 2010 in Korean open beta testing, the game was reworked multiple times due to its poor initial reception. In July 2010 it was announced the entire game had been scrapped, and a new version, "", would be developed in its stead. The new iteration of "Ragnarok Online 2" returns to the systems and mechanics of the original "Ragnarok Online" while keeping the 3D engine.

The game was first announced at KAMEX (Korea Amuse World Expo) in November 2004. The first trailer of the game was shown during the expo, in which a novice boy and novice girl were running toward each other in an undisclosed 3D city environment.

In September 2005, Gravity Corp. launched a major campaign to promote the game at the annual Tokyo Game Show. Attendees had the opportunity to play the game for the very first time at Gravity-hosted booths during the three-day event (September 16 to September 18). Gravity released multiple Ragnarok Online II gameplay videos to the public, as well as an animation video, during this time frame.

In July 2010, Gravity Corp. launched the remake version of Ragnarok Online 2 and change their slogan to . The Closed-beta test will launch in August 2010 and current version of Ragnarok Online 2 will terminate when the remake version launch in close-beta test.

In December 2006, Gravity finally began accepting applications for the first closed beta test in South Korea. The first closed beta officially ended on December 29, 2006. Application to participate in this beta was made available for a week (during the second week of December, 2006). Over 190,000 applications were submitted but only 2000 were chosen to participate for a period of three days (from December 27 to December 29). Due to several technical issues and server tweaking, the total testing time was only about 10 hours. According to an interview between the Korean newspaper "Chosun Ilbo" and developer "Team Mercury", the main goal for the first closed beta was to test characters. They wanted to see how gamers would react to the overall feel of the game as well as whether character designs were accepted by them.

For the second phase of the Korean closed beta, 3,000 users were automatically accepted upon registration and login via the website, with another 5,000 being selected before and on February 22, 2007. The original closed beta testers were also given access to phase two. Towards the end of this phase, a special event invited 10,000 additional players to join testing, leading to a total of 20,000 selected accounts.

The third phase of the Korean closed beta ran from April 26 to May 5, 2007. It was open for 100,000 registered users as well as those players from the previous closed beta. In order to balance the large amounts of traffic, Gravity opened a second server at the start of the third phase.

The final phase of testing was the Korean Open Beta running from May 28, 2007 to an unannounced date, where the final release of the game is expected right after. It is open to all Korean citizens with a Korean resident registration number and during the first week, the servers went through severe maintenance as each server quickly filled up. Several more servers were opened shortly after to fit the demand, including several age 18 and up only servers to accommodate those who wish to participate in a player versus player environment. The focus during open beta was game balance and mechanics. The game content is similar to the previous closed betas and it is expected to see a greater release of content in the near future, but most likely after the game is released.

In 2008, the Korean Open Beta had condensed its number of servers to just two. By this point, the game's population had also seen a dramatic decrease since it first opened in May 2007 - many areas in the game such as Hodemines and Prontera were usually found to be empty.

Changes in Gravity's leadership along with the game being poorly received in Korea during the open beta slowed development on Ragnarok Online II. Gravity since reworked the entire game. Global Business Manager Yunghun Lee said “We launched Ragnarok II in 2007. That version wasn’t really enough for the market, so we tried to revise all the systems, but it takes time. We changed the engine and everything, it’s like a totally new game. The engine changed several times, but now we’re using Gamebryo.”

The schedule for the launch of Ragnarok Online II was delayed to the fourth quarter of 2010, having originally been scheduled to launch in the first half of the year. However, Gravity decided to postpone the launch in order to improve the game further. The company planned to start commercial service of Ragnarok Online II in Korea in the fourth quarter of 2010 followed later by the other territories where Gravity has already entered into license and distribution agreements.
“The launch of Ragnarok Online II has been delayed on a number of occasions but we don’t want to launch it before it is ready and want to ensure that it meets the expectations of our players as well as those of our own. We will continue to refine Ragnarok Online II and look forward to providing our users with a high-quality experience.”- Mr. Toshiro Ohno, the President and CEO of Gravity.
The game had been in beta testing since May 2007 and was consistently delayed until the announcement was made that the entire game would be rebuilt from the ground up as a true Ragnarok Online sequel. The remake has been named and Ragnarok Online 2: The Gate of the World's service will be terminated on August 2, 2010. The Closed Beta Test for Legend of the Second will start on August 31, and current testers of The Gate of the World will be able to use their beta accounts to gain access to the CBT.

The year 1000 L.C is approaching. One thousand years prior, a terrible destruction took place, and the world was saved by David Reynaldo Smith Jr.. Roughly twenty years earlier, a destructive war took place between Normans of the east and west, but there has recently been peace. Strange things have begun happening, however; the dark wanderers Dimago have awoken, and the Ellr have left their land of Alfheim to investigate the Mother Tree's silence.

Normans have the ability to freely change jobs out of combat and level each of the jobs independently; progress on a certain job is not lost when switching between jobs. This is accompanied by a flexible stat system where a majority of the stats are based on job so that players are not forced select few jobs by their stat selection. The original Ragnarok Online had only a small amount of stats from jobs with most of them being decided by the player, forcing them along a certain build/playing style.

In The Gate of the World, certain abilities can be converted into a block and put onto that character's skill grid. This may allow Sword Mastery, a swordsman skill which increases damage dealt with blades to be used to help level another class with a sword. Different abilities have different block shapes and sizes and not all abilities can be shared. Special abilities can be gained by leveling a character's job class, giving them the ability to create useful and original class combinations, such as battle mages and wares-selling thieves.

There is a limit to how many special abilities one can employ at a time. Characters start with fewer than 16 blocks, but will gradually gain additional blocks as they level.

The first Ragnarok Online featured a unique leveling system in which a character's base level and job level were leveled separately. However, once a job was chosen, it could not be changed.

RO2 has implemented a new system in which equipment itself levels up. This system allows people to keep their favorite pieces of equipment because they continue being useful instead of tossing them out when they become outdated. When an item has reached enough experience to level up it does not instantly level. It must first be taken to a smith in a town which will then upgrade the weapon for a fee. While the class of weapon will not change, its attributes might. For instance a sword which is suited to combat classes may favor spell-casting classes once it has leveled up.

Equipment in RO2 is separated into two categories: Leveling-type and non-leveling type. The leveling equipment types can gain experience and levels like the player, whereas the non-leveling type doesn't acquire any experience and doesn't level at all.

"Ragnarok Online 2" introduces 2 new races The Ellr and the Dimago. Each race has advantages to it that make it a viable choice when a new player is creating their character.

The Norman race has a human appearance and is the race that was played in RO1. They use the Job System, allowing them to switch their job at will and take advantage of specialty skills. The original appearance of the Norman, a very childish look, was re-designed for a more mature look. The race's name may likely be a reference to the historical Normans or Norsemen, given the game's focus on Norse mythology. It could also be a portmanteau of the words "normal" and "human."

The Ellr are a half-breed, born between an interracial relationship between the Normans and the Elves. They inhabit their own land known as "Alfheim". After participating in the war between the eastern and western Normans, they returned to Alfheim, but have recently returned to Midgard to investigate why their "Mother Tree" fell silent. The power of an Ellr comes from the magical stones they possess, called "Stones of Ancestors". These stones influence their skills, and as such the Ellr has no professions or classes. They may only equip two stones at a time, however. The original model of the concept Ellr appeared as a super deformed art style. It was later redesigned to appear more normal in proportions, although still very childlike.

The Dimago are the rejected offspring of a relationship between the Colossus and Norman. They have apparently been under an enchanted sleep, and have no memory of their previous lives. They "fight with style" and are able to make use of dynamic skill trees. The characters are designed to be 7-8 heads tall in height (that of an average human). This, compared to the Ellr, which are 2~3 heads tall, or the Normans, which are 4~6 heads tall, means that the Dimago will be the tallest playable race in the game.



</doc>
<doc id="2061564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2061564" title="Divine Divinity">
Divine Divinity

Divine Divinity is an action role-playing game developed by Larian Studios and published by cdv Software Entertainment for Microsoft Windows, which was released in September 2002. It has three sequels, "Beyond Divinity", "Divinity II", and "". It also has a prequel, "", and a spin-off, "".

"Divine Divinity" is an action role-playing game with a top-down camera angle and controlled primarily through the mouse. Its gameplay is focused on hack and slash combat and has significant similarities to "Diablo", with features such as random equipment generation and a wide set of skills organized into archetypes.

Unlike Diablo, "Divine Divinity" also features a significant amount of traditional computer role-playing game elements such as branching conversation trees, non-combat skills like lockpicking, pickpocketing, and bartering, and a reputation and disposition system to track how NPCs will react to the player.

The game also incorporates point-and-click elements which allows the player to move and manipulate certain items in the world. For example, a barrel can be clicked and dragged to move it, revealing that a key is underneath it, or a hay bale can be clicked to spread it out and provide a bed for the player to rest.

The skill system, which would become a staple in later Divinity games, allows a character of any starting class to learn any skill. The system of attributes is also open-ended, allowing the player to develop their character in any direction regardless of their initial class.

Two thousand years before the game begins, those who sat on Council of Seven in the land of Rivellon sacrificed themselves in the fight against a group of treacherous magicians, who had passed over to the dark side of magic. To remember the Council of Seven, the "Divine Order" was founded to pass on the knowledge of the wise men to the next generations.

At the beginning of the game, the player wakes up in a house in Aleroth, a town of healers. It is revealed that Mardaneus, leader of the town, has gone crazy, and the player is asked to help by traveling into the catacombs beneath the town to stop the undead mage Thelyron, who is driving Mardaneus mad. Once Thelyron is put to rest, Mardaneus appears to bring the player back to the surface.

With the crisis in Aleroth resolved, the player leaves to explore, and is ambushed by a dragon rider, but is saved by the appearance of the wizard Zandalor, who explains that the player is one of three Marked Ones, and asks the player to meet him at an inn. Shortly thereafter, the other two Marked Ones are discovered dead, leaving only the player. The player is invited to come to Castle Stormfist, home of Duke Janus, a young noble who claims to be the Divine, a messiah prophesied to protect Rivellon against the summoning of the demon Chaos. The player is forced to do menial tasks for Janus, and no matter what they do, they end up in a dungeon, and have to fight their way out.

Once free, Zandalor takes the player to where the Council of Seven met, and explains that in order to find the real Divine, the heirs to the Council of Seven have to be brought together. In doing so, the player learns more about the way events have been manipulated by the Black Ring, the evil organization dedicated to bringing the demon Chaos back to Rivellon; the orcs have been goaded into attacking humans, and the elves and dwarves are poised at the brink of war, until the player reveals the manipulation going on.

As the new council members assemble to complete the ritual that will turn the player into the Divine, Duke Janus appears, revealing himself to be the Demon of Lies, in league with the Black Ring and seeking to summon Chaos. The council is attacked and a number of the members slain, along with the player. The player returns to life, however, with new abilities as the Divine, and is able to reach the fortress where the Black Ring is summoning Chaos. The Divine defeats Janus, but finds a baby who was picked to be the vessel of Chaos, lying on the summoning altar, and carries the baby out in their arms.

An early version of the isometric game engine was used by Larian Studios for its very first project, "Unless: The Treachery of Death", in 1996. Larian Studios was about to sign a publishing deal with Atari, but it didn't come to be as Atari announced its departure from the PC platform. Soon after Attic Entertainment Software joined Larian and "Unless" was turned into "The Lady, the Mage and the Knight", a game set in the universe of "The Dark Eye". Due to financial problems between the two development studios and its publisher, Infogrames, "The Lady, the Mage and the Knight" was canceled in July 1999.

"Divine Divinity" development started in early 1999 codenamed "Project C" and later "Divinity: The Sword of Lies". The publisher forced Larian to change the name to "Divine Divinity" from "Divinity: The Sword of Lies".

The game was re-released in 2004 along with "Beyond Divinity" as a part of "Beyond Divinity: Deluxe Edition". In 2009 a remastered version of Divine Divinity was released as a download on GOG.com, the main change being support for higher resolutions.

In 2012 it was noticed that the source code of the "remastered" version 1.4 was lost because of a backup failure. Later released Digital Distribution versions are therefore based an earlier version of the source code, containing some fixes from the 1.32 hotfix (such as Finnigan's magic lockpicks), but not all bugfixes in the last retail version 1.34a.

The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. GameSpot opined that there is "much more to "Divine Divinity" than its impressive graphics and music and its combination of hack-and-slash action and pure role-playing, and that says a lot for the game."

IGN declared, in summary, that ""Divine Divinity" is a very easy game to get into and enjoy. It lacks anything memorable, like the party NPCs with minds and dialog of their own in "", but it has atmosphere, tons of quests, and a great deal of variety to offer. Above all, it's plain fun to play, to develop your character and find ever-better weapons and armor, to face the foe around the next corner. And who knows...? With BioWare's assets tied up in light sabers and Black Isle Studios working on a game that has no strategic pause mode, perhaps Larian will step forward to carry the CRPG banner in the near future. We could do a lot worse."

"Divine Divinity" was a nominee for "PC Gamer US"s "2002 Best Roleplaying Game", GameSpy's "PC RPG Game of the Year", RPG Vault's "RPG of the Year" and GameSpot's "Best Role-Playing Game on PC" awards, but lost these prizes to "Neverwinter Nights" and "". It was also a runner-up in GameSpot's "Best Music on PC" and "Best Game No One Played on PC" categories. However, "Divine Divinity" won RPG Vault's awards for "Surprise of the Year" and "Outstanding Achievement in Music"; the publication's editors wrote that its score "very proficiently supports the changing moods and locations in the game, never becoming either overwhelming or repetitive."



</doc>
<doc id="2061810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2061810" title="Nightmare Creatures">
Nightmare Creatures

Nightmare Creatures is a 1997 survival horror video game developed by Kalisto Entertainment for PlayStation, Microsoft Windows and Nintendo 64. A sequel, "Nightmare Creatures II", was released three years later. A mobile phone version of "Nightmare Creatures" was developed and published by Gameloft in 2003.

The story behind "Nightmare Creatures" draws upon gothic horror elements of the 19th century. The story begins in 1666, when a devil-worshiping cult called the Brotherhood of Hecate were conducting sinister experiments in London so as to take over the city, and then the world. The Brotherhood tried to develop an elixir that would endow them with superhuman powers. However, rather than creating their intended superhumans, their experiments created only grotesque monsters. When they decided to use these creatures as an army of conquest, one of their members, Samuel Pepys, set their headquarters on fire, resulting in the First Great Fire of London.

The game takes place in 1834 when London falls victim to several evil occurrences. Monster sightings are reported along with news of people mutating into ungodly creatures, and that the dead are waking from their graves and walking among the living. All of London is in a panic and vulnerable to the schemes of Adam Crowley, a mad scientist and occultist enlisting the help of the Brotherhood.

A book is dropped off at the home of Ignatius Blackward, a priest and occult expert. He finds it is the lost diary of Samuel Pepys, which contains the Brotherhood's research. Knowing he needs help, Ignatius sends the diary to a renowned American immunologist named Dr. Jean Franciscus of New Orleans, who shows up with his daughter Nadia. The doctor is murdered and the book stolen. At the funeral, Ignatius and Nadia are approached by a man who gives them a note reading: "Know about Adam Crowley, Brotherhood of Hecate --- HVHJ." Ignatius and Nadia head out to an address listed on the note, hoping to seek out Crowley and to neutralize the monsters.

A single-player only game, "Nightmare Creatures" allows the player to control either Ignatius or Nadia. Secondary weapons such as pistols, mines, fire bombs, and magic spells can be used in addition to each character's primary weapon. The game features an optional adrenaline bar which causes health to be lost if it runs out, and players are forced to continuously seek out and win battles to keep the adrenaline bar full.

"Nightmare Creatures" was the first video game to be created with LibSys, Kalisto's own proprietary 3D development program. The game's environments were modeled from 19th century maps and blueprints.

Bidding for the game's publication rights was reportedly fierce. Initially Mindscape was slated to be the publisher, but the publication rights to "Nightmare Creatures" were acquired by Activision just before the 1997 Electronic Entertainment Expo. "Nightmare Creatures" was published by Activision in North America and Sony Computer Entertainment in Europe.

While the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows versions are essentially the same, the Nintendo 64 version saw a handful of minor changes. Given the limited storage capacity of the Nintendo 64's cartridge system, all full-motion videos were removed. Brief segments of scrolling text are used at the game's start and following each level to advance the plot. The platforming elements were made much easier in the Nintendo 64 version, and the health-depleting adrenaline meter could also be turned off in the options menu, allowing players to explore the environments at a more leisurely pace. Also graphically, the Nintendo 64 version is more crisp, clear and detailed than the PlayStation version, without the pixelization and texture-warping.

The PlayStation version was released in Japan on February 26, 1998.

"Nightmare Creatures" was a commercial hit, with global sales above 1.5 million units by January 2000.

The PlayStation version of "Nightmare Creatures" received "favorable" reviews, while the Nintendo 64 and PC versions received "mixed" reviews, according to the review aggregation website GameRankings.

The PlayStation release divided critics. They almost uniformly praised the game's spooky atmosphere and the monster designs, though many found that the controls had issues and the camera, while effective the vast majority of the time, would occasionally frustrate the player with a poor view of the action. However, they were evenly split on whether to recommend the game, with some saying that the fighting gets old quickly, making it an overall disappointment in light of the promise it showed during development, and some saying that the game's flaws are minor compared to its strengths. "Next Generation" stated that "While the visuals are compelling enough to drive many players forward, the repetitive action is enough to make most wait for a level select code and a weekend rental." Taking the other side, "IGN" concluded, "Ultimately, the positives far outweigh the negatives in "Nightmare Creatures". It's spooky, challenging, and a hell of a lot of fun."

The division between recommendations stemmed at least partially from differing experiences with the game's extensive move sets. For example, "GameSpot" stated that "Since the more complex moves are significantly harder to pull off (especially with those attacking creatures interfering and all), you'll end up jamming on the kick or slash buttons with an occasional block or dodge." On the other side, "GamePro" said even the more elaborate combos "are a breeze to perform", and give the game a 4.5 out of 5 for control and a perfect 5.0 in every other category (graphics, sound, and fun factor). They summarized that "With its speedy gameplay and fast-moving enemy interaction, not to mention the intense, creepy nature of the backgrounds, "Nightmare Creatures" is sure to haunt your dreams for months to come." The disagreement extended between "Electronic Gaming Monthly"s four reviewers; Sushi-X and Kelly Rickards gave the game a 8.0 and 7.5, respectively, saying that the special attacks are all easy to perform and useful in combat, while Joe Fielder and Crispin Boyer both gave it a 5.5, with Fielder arguing that the player is driven to either button mashing or sticking to a handful of basic moves and Boyer saying the game is too difficult unless the player quickly masters the use of the block. Critics overwhelmingly agreed that the game is extremely difficult (though some of them considered this a positive rather than a negative).

"Next Generation" reviewed the Nintendo 64 version of the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that ""Nightmare Creatures" does grow bland after the first few levels, but the variety of items and new combos keep the game from diving into tedium. All in all, it's a welcome addition to the N64."

"Entertainment Weekly" gave the game a B-, praising the 3D environments, and saying "" is dated and flat in comparison.

On 8 December 2000, a film adaptation based on the game was announced, but never went into production.



</doc>
<doc id="2064249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2064249" title="Tabula Rasa (video game)">
Tabula Rasa (video game)

Richard Garriott's Tabula Rasa was an MMORPG developed by Destination Games and published by NCsoft, designed in part by some of the creators of "Ultima Online" including Richard Garriott. The game was a role-playing video game that blended certain shooter aspects into the combat system. It was officially released to retail on November 2, 2007, with customers that pre-ordered the game allowed access to the live servers from October 30, 2007. The development team released updates, called "Deployments," nearly every month following launch. The game required a monthly subscription.

"Tabula Rasa" was about humanity's last stand against a group of aliens called the Bane. The story took place in the near future on two planets, Arieki and Foreas, which were in a state of constant conflict between the AFS (Allied Free Sentients) and the Bane. The term "tabula rasa" means "clean slate" in Latin, which refers to a fresh start, or starting over.

According to the developers, the game included the ability for players to influence the outcome of a war between the player characters and the NPCs.

"Tabula Rasa" became free to play on January 10, 2009, and closed on February 28, 2009.

"Tabula Rasa" was set in a fictional universe where the humanity has its last stand against a group of aliens called the Bane. The story took place in the near future on two planets, Arieki and Foreas, which were in a state of constant conflict between the AFS (Allied Free Sentients) and the Bane. The term "tabula rasa" means "clean slate" in Latin, which refers to a fresh start, or starting over.

According to the fictional background story in "Tabula Rasa", there once was an advanced alien species known as the Eloh. They freely shared their knowledge of how to convert between matter and energy with just the mind, called "Logos", to other less advanced races. One of these less advanced races, the Thrax, used this power to wage war against the Eloh, a war which the Eloh won but at a great cost. This led to a great divide in the Eloh. One faction wanted to keep on spreading the knowledge as they had before. The other, called the Neph, sought to control the development of "lesser races" to ensure they, the Neph, would always be the superior species. This inner conflict led the Neph faction to leave the Eloh and seek other allies, among them the defeated Thrax; this species along with others joined to form the Bane, which is controlled by the Neph.

As one of their first acts, they attacked the Eloh world; the surviving Eloh fled and were scattered among the worlds they had previously visited. The Bane attacked Earth sometime in our near future. Humanity was hopelessly outmatched and the majority was completely wiped out. Luckily, the Eloh had left behind some of their technology that had the ability to make wormholes to other worlds. There, humans found other species doing the same thing they had, fighting against the Bane to survive. They banded together to form the Army of the Allied Free Sentients to fight against the Bane.

According to information from the game's manual, it's been roughly 5 years since Earth was attacked. It was eventually discovered that Earth had not been destroyed as once thought, but had instead become a massive staging ground for the Bane. From there they strengthened their forces and increased attacks upon the AFS.

The combat mixed in some aspects from shooters to add some real time action elements to the game. It still was not an outright shooter and featured sticky targeting and dice rolling based on character stats underneath. Stickiness could be adjusted to fit the preference of the player. Some weapons like the shotgun did not use the sticky targeting. In addition to a hit-miss system, Tabula Rasa adjusted the damage based on the situation. Real-time factors like weapon type, ammo type, stance, cover, and movement were taken into account. The enemies were reported to have AI that would try to take advantage of the terrain, their numbers, and would try to flank the players. The mix of system based combat and real-time movement and physics systems created a gameplay meant to encourage the player to think tactically}; e.g. to take cover behind a pillar to get some time to reload the weapon while the enemies were getting into position again.

Missions will be given out by NPCs but will not be static. What missions are available and even the access to the NPCs themselves are subject to how the battlefield is going. Some may be specific to control points that the player will need to reclaim from the Bane to gain access again. 
Missions are also to have multiple options to take. One example is destroying a dam to stop Bane forces that will also demolish a local village. A player can choose to just destroy or try to warn the village beforehand risking further advances by the Bane. Referred to as "ethical parables" they are to make up about 20% of all missions. The missions the player chooses to do and the choices made during them will change the way certain NPCs treat the player's character.
Some missions will deliver the player's character to private instanced spaces. One design goal of the game is to use instanced spaces to create in-depth storytelling, with puzzles, traps, and NPCs, that would be more difficult in shared spaces.
Some missions will be ethically challenging. The players will have to choose from different points of view and it can alter their future progress. ""Ethical and moral dilemmas are something we definitely wanted to incorporate into the design of Tabula Rasa from the very start. The entire goal is to give you pause and allow you to think about the choices that they make in order to accomplish a mission.""
Logos is a pictographic language left behind by the Eloh to be understood by other races. As players go through the game, they will gain Logos symbols to add to their Logos tablet, a blank slate, and begin to learn the language found throughout the game and gain special powers. Logos can be considered the equivalent of magic for Tabula Rasa, inasmuch as magic allows for incredible, otherwise unexplained acts; however, the logos are shown to be an extension of a scientific process developed by the Eloh. Players can improve these abilities and the upgraded versions can add new tactical uses. Some are universal while others are class specific. Some examples range from lightning bolt attacks, sprinting, reinforcements, and poison type powers. These are very hard to find, being hidden throughout Tabula Rasa.

Tabula Rasa had a tree character class system. Everyone started out as first "tier" (branch) Recruit and as they progress they were able to branch out. The second "tier" included the Soldier and Specialist, which in turn had two subclasses of their own each. There were a total of 4 tiers.

Tabula Rasa also had a cloning function at each tier. It worked like a save function for characters at the branching point and allowed the player to try out the other branch without having to repeat the first several levels.

Introduced in patch 1.4.6 were the hybrid characters. These were humans who have had their DNA blended with either Thrax, Forean or Brann DNA to produce different stats and bonuses to the character. Only full humans were available at the beginning, with the hybrid DNA becoming available via quest chains during play which in turn unlocked the ability to create hybrids on that server at the creation screen, or via cloning.

AFS and Bane forces are in constant battle with NPC forces warring over control points and bases. Which side controls these areas greatly impacts the players. Losing one of these to the Bane means that the respawn hospital, waypoints, shops, NPCs access, and base defenses are lost and turned to the Bane's advantage. Players were able to help NPC assaults to take over bases or defend ones under attack. Control of these points was meant to change back and forth commonly even without player involvement, although the current implementation rarely let the Bane muster enough forces to invade a control point during peak player times. The Control Point System was one of the main gameplay features. Players that are fighting to defend or capture a CP (control point) got Prestige points which they could trade in for item-upgrades, experience boosters, a reset of either their attributes or their learned abilities or the purchase of superior or rare equipment at grey market vendors. Prestige could also be earned by defeating bosses, looting rare items, getting the max XP multiplier and by completing special missions. Later in the game, Control points became more and more important to the players, as they were necessary to be either in Bane or AFS hands to accept or complete certain missions and they become the centerpoint of most of the later maps.

PvP (Player versus player) in Tabula Rasa was voluntary. As it stands, there were two main modes of PvP combat.

In the works since May 2001, the game underwent a major revamp two years into the project. Conflicts between developers and the vague direction of the game were said to be the causes of this dramatic change. Twenty percent of the original team was replaced, and 75% of the code had to be redone. Some staff working on other NCsoft projects were transferred to the "Tabula Rasa" development team, including "City of Heroes"' Community Coordinator April "CuppaJo" Burba. First re-shown at E3 2005, the game then transformed into the current science fiction setting and look.

NCsoft began offering invitations to sign up for a limited beta test of "Tabula Rasa" on January 5, 2007 which began running on May 2, 2007. Invitations were initially given out only as contest prizes, but beginning on August 8 several thousand additional invitations were distributed via the websites FilePlanet and Eurogamer. The non-disclosure agreement for the beta test was lifted on September 5, 2007 and the test ended on October 26, 2007 with a themed event in which players were invited to attempt to kill the character General British, played by game creator Richard Garriott.

Two pre-order bonus packs were available on NCsoft's PlayNC website, one for Europe and one for the United States. The European pack is sold for EUR4.99, the US pack for USD4.99 in addition to buying the full retail version of the game for $49.99. Other than currency and which pack goes with which retail version (the European preorder will only be valid with the European release of the game, similarly for the US version), the packs are functionally identical, containing:


For the retail release, a standard version and a collector's edition were released. Both contain the client and an account key with 30 days of included playtime, however the Collector's edition shipped with a number of bonus items including:


Tabula Rasa was officially released to retail on November 2, 2007, with customers that pre-ordered the game allowed access to the live servers from October 30, 2007. The development team released updates, called "Deployments," nearly every month following launch.

On Nov 11th 2008, an open letter to the players of Tabula Rasa stated that Richard Garriott had left NC Soft to pursue other ventures.
The announcement that he was leaving NCAustin and Tabula Rasa was done in an open letter to the community, though he later claimed this letter was in fact written by NCsoft as a means of forcing him out. The announcement was made while Garriott was in quarantine after returning from his spaceflight in October, and the announcement claimed he was inspired by the space travel experience to pursue other interests.

On 21 November 2008, weeks after Richard's announcement, "Tabula Rasa"'s development team also released an open letter indicating that the game would end public service on 28 February 2009, citing a lower than expected in-game population as the major factor for the decision. Developers also announced that any active paying player as of 10:00 AM Pacific Time on November 21, 2008 will be eligible for some rewards, including paid time on other NCsoft titles (any paying subscribers joining after that point are ineligible). On Dec 9th 2008, a letter was sent by NCsoft stating that all Tabula Rasa servers would be shut down on February 28, 2009, and that Tabula Rasa would be discontinued. The servers became free to play on January 10, 2009. On February 27, 2009, a message posted on the official website requested that players participate in a final assault, culminating with mutual destruction of AFS and Bane forces.

Richard Garriott sued NCsoft for $24 million for damages relative to his termination from the parent company NCsoft. Garriott's allegation states that NC Soft terminated his employment, then fraudulently reported his termination as willful resignation in order to preserve the right to terminate Garriot's stock options unless he exercised them himself within 90 days of termination, forcing Garriott into a decision to purchase stock with which a loss was incurred worth dozens of millions in profit for Garriott. Additionally, the news of the termination was issued while Garriott was confined to quarantine from the space flight, which was originally intended to be a publicity move to further promote the game and increase revenue. In July 2010, an Austin District Court awarded Garriott US$28 million in his lawsuit against NCsoft, finding that the company did not appropriately handle his departure in 2008. NCsoft stated that it intended to appeal the decision. In October 2011, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirmed the judgment.

Publications started to release reviews mainly after 15 November 2007, 2 weeks after the game's launch, although over a dozen wrote previews based on betas and the 3-day head start for those who pre-ordered.

GameSpy gave the game 4 stars out of 5, outlining that the game's innovative combat system succeeded in redefining MMO combat, and regarded it as one of the most appealing features. Negatives were the obscure and often counterproductive crafting system, a lack of a central trading hub at the initial release and bugs involving general gameplay and reports of memory leaks.

Eurogamer gave the game 8 out of 10, praising the daring-to-be-different approach to combat and to the class/cloning system, allowing players the opportunity for experimenting easily with which career path they choose. On the negative side, the crafting system and lack of an auction house were singled out. Though technical problems were also mentioned, the review notes that a recent patch corrected many of the problems they experienced with the game in that regards.


</doc>
<doc id="2066117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2066117" title="Lemonade Tycoon">
Lemonade Tycoon

Lemonade Tycoon, first released as "Lemonade Inc.", is a Shockwave-based game. A free, limited version is available for online play at many sites or the full version with no time restrictions can be purchased online.
The goal of Lemonade Tycoon is to sell lemonade for profit. The last update (1.1.9) was renamed "Lemonade Tycoon Deluxe". In 2009, Electronic Arts published an iPhone version of "Lemonade Tycoon". "Lemonade Tycoon 2: New York Edition" is also available on Mac OS X, published by MacPlay.

While selling lemonade, players must look over many aspects of their business. Players decide on a recipe, set prices, and sell lemonade in a variety of locations. The game includes changing weather and news, which the player must compensate for. To overcome some factors, such as long lines and stock, players can buy upgrades. The packaged version included versions for PC, Mobile Phones, Windows Mobile Professional devices, and Palm devices. The game allows players to transfer game saves from a Windows PC to a Palm handheld or Windows Mobile Professional device and back again to continue.

"Lemonade Tycoon" has similarities to "Lemonade Stand", a computer game originally created for the Minnesota Educational Computing Consortium in 1973 and later ported by Apple Computer for use with its then-new Apple II platform in 1979. The game also required players to make businesses decisions based upon weather, customers, and cost/availability of stock.

"Lemonade Tycoon" includes three game modes; Career, Challenge and Champion. Career mode lets the player have a stand for as long as they want. Challenge mode had a 30-day limit to see how fast your stand can grow within the period of time.

In order to be able to sell lemonade, players have to buy supplies, which include ice, lemons, sugar, and cups.

The player has the option to advertise in "Lemonade Tycoon". Every day, the player can pay an advertising fee with different choices in advertising being available. Advertising increases the number of potential customers.

Lemonade Tycoon features many upgrades that are available at different prices. Some reduce wait times, some improve visibility, some make ice, etc. Stand upgrades allow more storage and customer capacity. There are also employees, a cashier, and a clown, which charge daily for reducing wait times and increasing patience, respectively.

There are five different locations where one can move your stand. Some places are more popular than others. Each location has a different rent. Each location has satisfaction and popularity. Popularity changes as the player's stand gets more popular. Good satisfaction and advertising bring more customers. Satisfaction ensures that customers will come back to the stand. If there are short lines, there are good prices, the player serves all customers rather than them leaving, and the player has a good recipe, the player's customer satisfaction will go up. With the increase of satisfaction, customers will come back to a player's stand. Satisfaction and popularity are location based. They do not travel with you as you move from location to location.

There are many News Headlines that affect the success of lemonade sales. Some headlines improve the player's business and some hurt it. Headlines change every game day and sometimes only affect a single location. Weather also affects sales - warm and hot days bring more customers than cold, rainy days. The weather changes each day and does not seem to follow predictable patterns.

The Lemonade Stock Exchange was an online feature that let one see how one's stand compared to others.


Learning Planet, an educational website, created the original version of the game for teaching economics and resource management for its students. The LearningPlanet.com version of Lemonade Tycoon is visually different but functionally identical to the other iterations of the game.


</doc>
<doc id="2066130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2066130" title="Casino Tycoon (video game)">
Casino Tycoon (video game)

Casino Tycoon is a tycoon type of game where players aspire from a small unknown to a tycoon in the casino business.

This game features characters such as Marlon Brando from "The Godfather". One mission is for players to become the first casino to attain Five-star rating or make 50,000 pounds. Players control all aspects of the casino, including hiring staff, buying casinos, and managing the day-to-day operations. The basic aim of the game is to own and manage a casino.

"Casino Tycoon" received mixed to negative reviews from critics upon release. On Metacritic, the game holds a score of 52/100 based on 4 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews."

Staci Krause of IGN rated it 6.2/10 and wrote that the game, while initially fun, becomes too easy to have long-term entertainment value.


</doc>
<doc id="2066288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2066288" title="Medal of Honor: Airborne">
Medal of Honor: Airborne

Medal of Honor: Airborne is a World War II first-person shooter video game, developed by EA Los Angeles, and released worldwide on mobile phones in August 2007, on Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 in September 2007, and on PlayStation 3 in November 2007. It is the 11th installment of the "Medal of Honor" series, and uses a modified version of Unreal Engine 3, In the game's single-player mode, players assume the role of an American paratrooper in the US 82nd Airborne Division who is airdropped with his squadrons and fights against hostile forces across six large missions that take place during the latter half of the European theater of World War II, while in its online multiplayer mode, players can choose to fight as Allied soldiers that parachute into the battlefield, or as Axis soldiers who defend on the ground.

Unlike previous games in the series that employed a linear style of gameplay in its single-player mode, in which the start point and direction is already laid out, "Airborne" employs a more nonlinear gameplay style in both modes, in that players can start their game anywhere in the map that they land in and complete the majority of a mission's objectives in any order. The game has received more favorable reviews for the PC and PlayStation 3 versions, than its Xbox 360 version. While the game was planned to have versions made for PlayStation 2, Wii, and Xbox, these were later cancelled, with the first two consoles having "" as an exclusive title between them instead.

In both modes of gameplay, players have access to three different categories of weapons that they can use in battles, either selected before or acquired during a game - Main Weapons, covering rifles, sub-machine guns, auto/assault rifles, shotguns and anti-tank weapons; Side-arms, which have infinite ammo and are mainly used as a back-up when out of ammo for main weapons; and grenades. Traditional game mechanics for the game such as crouching and "cooking" grenades, are complemented with the ability to lean out of cover to take shots at enemies, while players may also engage opponents in close combat. Like many games in the "Medal of Honor" series, players have a health bar, divided into four units, that begins to deplete when taking damage; if the player avoids taking any damage, the current unit of health being depleted will regenerate in time, but any units lost will require the player to find first aid kits. The HUD allows the player to keep track of what weapon they are using, the amount of ammo they have in it and on hand to reload it with, how many grenades they have, and a compass that keeps track of where allies and enemies are, along with markers indicating which direction a player is being damaged from and where active grenades have landed.

What makes "Airborne" unique in the series is the ability for players to choose where they land as a paratrooper on the battlefield in both modes. Once a player begins descending onto the map they are fighting on, they can direct where they will begin from, controlling the speed of the descent, thus giving greater flexibility and strategy on how they deal with enemies, with the added ability of being able to kick enemies they land upon.

In the game's main campaign, players assume the role of a fictional paratrooper working alongside other members of an American airborne division, to complete a series of objectives within each of the campaign's six missions. The player is given a briefing on each mission's initial objectives, as well as a map of where they will be operating, including the location of heavy enemy concentrations (marked red) and safe landing sites (marked green). In this mode of gameplay, players can equip two main weapons, designated as primary and secondary weapons, and chose what loadout they have before beginning a mission from a selection of Allied and Axis weapons; additional weapons can be unlocked by either taking those dropped by enemy soldiers during a mission or reaching later missions where they become available in. During missions, weapons earn experience from killing enemies, with the amount per kill greatly increased from performing headshots, melee and multiple kills. Once a weapon earns enough experience, it receives an upgrade that improves how effective it is for the player, with upgrades ranging from increased damage, a higher rate of fire, and reduced weapon recoil. Each weapon can be upgraded three times, and has its own set of upgrades; once it is fully upgraded, the weapon's icon on the interface changes to reflects its fully upgraded appearance.

When descending by parachute into a mission's battlefield, the type of landing the player makes affects the speed at which they can begin to fight - "Greased" landings, by moving forward before touching down, allow the player to be ready instantly to fight; "Flared" landings allow the player to land safely, but require a little time to be combat-ready; "Botched" landings, by coming in too hard, cause the player to be more vulnerable to attack as they recover and become combat-ready. The player can also perform a "Skill" drop, by landing safely and in a specific way, at a site designated by a white parachute (i.e. landing through an open doorway); each mission has a set number that the player can find on when on the ground, and which they can attempt at any time when their character is descending down onto a mission's battlefield. Once in a mission, players do not face enemies with randomized appearances and weapons, but rather a predetermined selection of enemy types; while the player faces the weakest kind to begin with, more difficult and challenging opponents are introduced as the game progresses.

Each mission the player undertakes consists of two phases. In the first phase, gameplay is non-linear; in addition to choosing where they wish to land, players can decide the order in which objectives are completed, though they are restricted to landing and moving within the area of the map that is accessible to them. If the player is killed during this phase of a mission, they re-spawn in the air, descending down to the battlefield once more, and can thus take advantage of this to put themselves in a more favourable position to complete an objective. Upon completing the objectives outlined in a mission's briefing, the game's second phase begins and focuses on a more scripted and linear path, with objectives unlocked in sequence and a new area of the map becoming accessible. In this phase, the player no longer can parachute back down to the mission's map, instead re-spawning to the last checkpoint they reached.

In the game's multiplayer mode, players work as a team, playing as either Allied or Axis soldiers, over six maps - while the game uses three from the single-player mode, along with another that is scaled down in size, the other two maps are original design. In a match, players begin by choosing what main weapon they begin with - rifle, SMG, auto-rifle, sniper and anti-tank - which is denoted by what role they are in (i.e. for SMG, Allies get the Thompson, while Axis get the MP40), and can scavenge a second main weapon during the match. If a player is killed, they can change what weapon they use before they respawn, though lose the second weapon they scavenged. Matches can be set to one of three modes - Airborne Objective (a variation on the "seize-the-objective" multiplayer mode), Airborne Team Deathmatch, and Team Deatchmatch - with the airborne-based modes utilising "Airborne"s unique paratrooper aspects of gameplay, in which Allied players can land wherever they want on the map being used, including when they respawn, but are vulnerable during their descent as Axis players can shoot them down.

Players can acquire access to weapon upgrades, similar to those in single-player, depending on what type of match they undertake - unranked matches grant access to upgrades and allow match's server settings to be optimized per what the player(s) want; ranked matches focus on persistent character development that grant gradual access to upgrades over time.

In 1943, following training in North Africa, PFC. Boyd Travers learns that the 82nd Airborne Division is to help with the invasion of Italy, beginning with Operation Husky. After nearly being killed by friendly fire from the US Navy, Travers and his squadron land in the village of Adanti, Sicily, where the group assists in neutralising several anti-aircraft nests while combating Italian soldiers, before venturing deeper into the village to find a missing sniper team and aiding his squadron in repelling a German counterattack. Travelling to the Italian mainland, the 82nd take part in Operation Avalanche, eliminating a munitions stockpile, fuel depot, motorpool, and radio equipment at an the Paestum archaeological dig near Naples, with Travers assisting in an assault on a ruined temple housing anti-air guns, destroying them before Allied P-40 fighter bombers arrive and destroy the German artillery located around the dig site.

One year later, on 6 June 1944, the 82nd take part in Operation Neptune, lending assistance to the American forces preparing to land on Utah Beach as part of Operation Overlord. Working with his squadron, Travers manages to eliminate all potential threats to the invasion force, including a Tiger tank and a series of bunkers, before heading to the shoreline and eliminating German pillboxes that endanger the incoming landing forces. A few months later, Travers and his squadron take part in Operation Market Garden, assisting in the capture of Nijmegen in the Netherlands, while preventing the Germans from destroying the town's bridge with explosives planted on it. Despite a fierce counterattack, including the use of Panzerschreck rocket launchers and Tiger tanks, the 82nd manage to secure the bridge for American Sherman tanks to cross, while Travers receives a promotion to Corporal for his actions.

After Market Garden ends in failure for the Allies, Travers transfers to the 17th Airborne Division. In March 1945, his division takes part in Operation Varsity, landing within an industrial complex in Essen, Germany, to destroy its stockpile of munitions and tanks, while shutting down its weapon production facilities. Despite a counter-attack by heavily armored Allgemeine SS troopers wielding MG42s that inflict heavy losses on the Allied troops, Travers manages to overcome the new threat and successfully destroys an armoured ammunition train that arrives at the complex. A few days later, with Operation Varsity proceeding as planned, Travers finds his squadron going deeper into enemy-held territory within Essen, with the task of destroying a massive flak tower that Allied bombers had failed to level. Despite heavy opposition, Travers helps to neutralize key fortifications within the tower, before assisting an engineering unit and detonating charges placed beneath the tower, destroying the structure as the war in Europe begins to enter its final stages.

In a closing report, Travers' CO comments on how history will remember the sacrifice and courage of the men in the Airborne divisions for what they did during World War II.

Development of "Airborne" started in late 2004 when the game designers wanted a new game that would "really revolutionize the "Medal of Honor" scene". The idea of a paratrooper-based gameplay came up and as such a free-roaming environment was needed, which became the key focus of the game. Each mission starts with a jump and the developers wanted to make the experience as nonlinear as possible, with no starting points and as such the scenario unfolding in a different way each time, as opposed to previous World War II FPS games where there is a set starting and end point.

The lead designer was Rex Dickson, and the executive producer was Patrick Gilmore, who previously worked on "Medal of Honor: Allied Assault." The development team even had an actual historical advisor, who is an enthusiast on the Airborne forces and weapons of World War II, attempting to ensure historical accuracy and authenticity. Each sound was recorded from hundreds of real World War II-era artifacts including real weapons, tanks, and one of the last remaining airworthy C-47s.

Originally, the game was going to include pathfinder missions done by soldier Eddie LaPointe that would include more stealth. They would come before Travers' drop. This was later cut as EA wanted to simplify the action and focus on large scale fights with Travers instead. EA signed partnership with Jeep to feature drivable vehicles in the game. This was taken out of the final version as well, because levels were made with cramped spaces and short roads and alleys, so there was no room left to drive.
"Airborne" was developed in close consultation with the "Medal of Honor" community, via forums and summits. Certain community leaders who run "Airborne" fan-sites were invited to a multiplayer preview summit in July 2007, and many problems were identified that would hamper the game's popularity within the "MOH" community, the most important ones being lack of a dedicated server and issues with mouse lag and low frame rate. As a result of the summit, the most critical issues were able to be fixed in time for the game's release, and the other issues in time for the first patch.

A single-player demo was released on August 23, 2007, featuring the first half of Operation Husky.

"Airborne" uses a heavily modified Unreal 3 engine. The game's core development was started with EA's acquired Renderware engine, but it made the switch to the Unreal 3 engine in early 2006 which delayed the game by over a year. The engine was specifically designed for DirectX 9 and 10 PCs, PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360, and supports many rendering techniques utilized within the graphics capabilities of "Airborne", including HDRR, per-pixel lighting and dynamic shadows.

Because of the non-linear gameplay style of "Airborne", the developers had to build an entirely new artificial intelligence system to deal with the many ways the player can interact with or approach the computer-controlled allied and enemy soldiers (NPCs), and for them to react to the situation accordingly. With "Affordance A.I.", the characters have an awareness of enemy approach patterns, and also features of the terrain and urban infrastructure that provide a tactical advantage, such as cover, high ground and open doorways. This allows AI characters to take intelligent combat actions based on their surroundings, as opposed to the scripted movements of previous linear FPS games.

"Airborne" uses two systems to guide the physical and emotional reactions of the AI characters to what is happening around them. "E-cap" (emotion capture) is used to create more human-like emotions on the characters' faces by blending an awareness of their surroundings and other NPCs, for example an AI soldier that started to move forward would jump back for cover if an ally next to him was shot.

Medal of Honor: Airborne Original Soundtrack was released on July 31, 2007. It features the in-game tracks and musical scores of the game, all of which were composed by the award-winning Michael Giacchino, who also composed scores for some of the previous Medal of Honor games, including the main theme for the whole series.

The first scoring session was held at the Paramount Scoring Stage in Hollywood on April 20, 2006 to score the teaser trailer that would premiere at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in the summer of 2006. A 75-piece orchestra, conducted by Marshall Bowen, performed the music. Eight months later, Giacchino was wrangling a few projects, including Lost and Ratatouille, and it was decided that instead of trying to blast through the writing process and compose all of the music for 2-days of recording, it would be best to focus on one day of recording, and then record the rest of the music in the spring when the game's development had progressed sufficiently.

On December 11, 2006, Giacchino recorded the first round of cues for the game with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Eastwood Scoring Stage at Warner Bros. Four months after that, on March 28, 2007, the final round of music was recorded.

The "Airborne" soundtrack has been said to be based on the Medal of Honor themes of the past, but "brings a dark uncertainty that communicates the ominous journey of the first US Airborne combat troops".

The PC and PlayStation 3 versions received "favorable" reviews, while the Xbox 360 version received "average" reviews, according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

GameSpot was pretty average on the game, saying, "The single-player campaign doesn't get cooking until the last two levels, but those two levels combined with solid multiplayer make it worth enlisting in "Airborne"." IGN fared a bit better on the game in its review, saying that, ""Airborne", while not perfect, is definitely the best game in the franchise to come along in quite a while." Press Start Online stated that "Airborne" was "a "Medal of Honor" game that's not only good, it demonstrates a level of imagination and innovation that's becoming increasingly rare in the genre." Most reviewers praised the music from the games of "Medal of Honor", with IGN stating in particular that the title music was said to bring back some classic memories from "Allied Assault" and the starting music for Operation Market Garden for Campaign.



</doc>
<doc id="2067215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2067215" title="X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse">
X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse

X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse is an action role-playing game developed primarily by Raven Software and published by Activision. It is the follow up to 2004's "X-Men Legends". It was released in September 2005 for the GameCube, Microsoft Windows, N-Gage, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and Xbox. It is set after the events of "X-Men Legends" and features the mutant supervillain Apocalypse as the primary antagonist.

The developers intended the game to have a greater sense of scale than its predecessor, and writers created a story where the villains known as the Brotherhood of Mutants would need to ally themselves with the heroic X-Men to defeat a greater threat. High quality cinematics were created by Blur Studio. Online multiplayer was also added.

The game was well received by gaming critics on all platforms. Critics felt that the inclusion of online play, additional mutant powers, and a larger cast made the game an improvement over its predecessor. Some reviewers were critical of the game's voice acting and felt that the gameplay was repetitive. It sold enough copies to be added to the budget line known as PlayStation 2's Greatest Hits.

"X-Men Legends II" is an action role-playing game. It unites two Marvel Comics superhero teams, the heroic X-Men and the villainous Brotherhood of Mutants as they together face the mutant supervillain Apocalypse and his minions. Players can choose up to four characters to use at once from a larger roster. Players unlock additional characters as they proceed through the game. Four players can play on one machine cooperatively, and players can join or leave at any time. The game also features online play for up to four players, a first for the series. A new game plus mode is included that allows players to play through the game a second time while retaining all character stats.

As characters gain experience points their mutant superpowers and unique abilities can be upgraded. Items found during gameplay can also be equipped to further enhance a character's abilities. Characters can combine attacks to create a combo, in which two or more players punch or kick a single enemy at the same time. The character's special abilities can also be used in the same manner to create a Super Combo which inflicts massive damage on enemies. Each character has several mutant powers that players can assign to controller buttons. The game also features a skirmish mode, which allows players to fight against each other or waves of computer-controlled enemies.

"X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse" features a central hub that players return to between missions. It is a designated area free from enemies, and its setting changes to coincide with the current act of the game. Here players can view loading screen art, cinematics, and comic book covers acquired during gameplay. Biographies of the X-Men and their enemies can be accessed here. Players can also participate in an X-Men trivia game which awards experience points for correct answers. Additionally, players can access a virtual combat environment known as the Danger Room to play additional missions unlocked during gameplay.

The mobile phone version of the game is primarily a beat 'em up with role-playing elements. Unlike the console versions the game plays as a side-scroller in the same vein as the 1992 "X-Men" arcade game. There are five selectable characters, and players upgrade each through experience points earned. Players control one character at a time, and can switch to another at the press of a button.

"X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse" is not set in any particular Marvel Comics universe. The game takes place some time after the events of "X-Men Legends". The mutant supervillain Apocalypse, having witnessed the X-Men's defeat of Magneto remotely, declares that the Age of Apocalypse is nigh. Prior to the game's campaign he kidnaps Professor X and Polaris for unknown purposes. Locations include a military prison in Greenland, the fictional mutant sanctuary of Genosha, the Savage Land and Egypt.

The game begins with the X-Men and Brotherhood of Mutants uniting forces to save Professor X and Polaris. Cyclops, Storm, and Wolverine meet up with Magneto, Mystique, and Sabretooth at a military prison outpost in Greenland to free Professor X. Upon freeing him, the teams relocate to the fictional mutant haven of Genosha. They find the island ravaged by Apocalypse's forces, and work through the wreckage and find out what he was searching for. They learn that Quicksilver was kidnapped by Apocalypse, who also kidnaps Beast from the X-Mansion. Beast manages to point the team in the direction of the Savage Land, a secret prehistoric preserve in Antarctica.

The teams work their way through the Savage Land, temporarily hindering Apocalypse's plans. Apocalypse then travels to conquer New York. The teams work at sabotaging his army and resources, but Emma Frost and Angel are kidnapped as well. Angel is unwillingly transformed by Apocalypse and Mister Sinister into Archangel, a Horsemen of Apocalypse. He is assigned as a sentry to Apocalypse's tower. The teams defeat Archangel and infiltrate the tower where they find Beast, now under the control of Mister Sinister; he kidnaps Sabretooth and escapes with Apocalypse and Mister Sinister to Egypt.

They learn that Apocalypse's plan is to use Polaris, Quicksilver, Emma Frost, and Sabretooth—four mutants with what he refers to as Harmonic DNA—as part of a machine to fuel an experiment to grant him massive amounts of power. The teams then follow Apocalypse to Egypt where they defeat Mister Sinister, freeing Beast from Sinister's control. After besting the final guard, the Living Monolith, the teams battle Apocalypse and defeat him by stealing the powers from his machine. In the final cutscene, Magneto and Professor X part once again as adversaries, noting that Apocalypse was defeated but not destroyed. Beast ponders why the machine did not work properly, wondering if sabotage was a factor. As the X-Jet flies away, Sinister is seen on top of the pyramid, laughing, hinting that he sabotaged the machine.

Several playable characters return from "X-Men Legends", and select members of the Brotherhood of Mutants are also playable. Some non-playable X-Men and Brotherhood characters appear during levels. In some instances dialogue throughout the game can be character-to-character specific, depending on the player character's alignment and relationship with the non-player character.

"X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse" was announced on October 21, 2004, exactly one month after the release of "X-Men Legends". It was shown at Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) and San Diego Comic-Con in 2005. It was first released in North America on September 20, 2005 for the Gamecube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows platforms. The PlayStation Portable version was released approximately one month later on October 19, 2005. It was released on the first-generation N-Gage handheld platform on October 31, 2005. A mobile phone version was launched on December 19, 2005. A playable demo was released for the Windows version of the game on November 3, 2005.

Developer Raven Software sought to expand on the preceding game's scale. As such, characters were given additional powers to choose from. Locations were also made more diverse. "With the environments we tried to create [something] more exotic and organic" stated Dan Vondrak, Project Lead on "X-Men Legends II". Locations span from the fictional mutant haven of Genosha, to the Marvel Comics jungle known as the Savage Land, to ancient temples in Egypt. Raven Software collaborated directly with Marvel to write the game's story. Man of Action, a group of former Marvel writers who were responsible for the previous game's story, were not involved. The music was composed by Gregor Narholz. Gameplay and story aspects were adjusted to ensure that four players can play continuously, whereas in the previous game certain missions were limited to one player. The CGI cinematics were created by Blur Studio, who would go on to create cinematics for games such as "" and "".

Vicarious Visions's engine powers "Rise of Apocalypse" and its predecessor. They also were responsible for the PlayStation Portable version of the game. Karthik Bala, CEO of Vicarious Visions felt strongly that the PSP version should have the same gameplay as the consoles. "One of our main goals [...] was to really bring the depth and detail of the console game over to portable form on the PSP." Four new exclusive characters were added to the PSP version along with nine new side missions. The control system had to be modified to accommodate the PSP's fewer buttons. Online play is available on the PSP, both in ad-hoc and infrastructure modes. Bala stated that it was a priority for his team. SuperVillain Studios was brought on to the project to focus on the online component of the game. Beenox ported "X-Men Legends II" to Microsoft Windows.

"X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse" received generally favorable reviews. All platforms hold aggregate scores in the 80–85% range at aggregate review websites GameRankings and Metacritic. Reported scores at Metacritic ranged from 59% to 100% approval. According to the NPD Group, "Rise of Apocalypse" sold over 63,000 units on the Xbox during the month of its release. It sold enough copies to be added to the budget line known as PlayStation 2's Greatest Hits. PALGN's Jeremy Jastrzab felt that "Rise of Apocalypse" "caters for X-Men fans and if you can gather three others, you're going to have a great time." Tom Byron of 1UP.com praised several aspects of the game, and felt that amidst "", "Ultimate Spider-Man" and "Fantastic Four" game releases in 2005 "X-Men Legends II" was the best release from Marvel that year.

Commentary on gameplay was generally positive. G4TV's reviewer lauded the destructible environments, but felt that the gameplay lacked variation. The reviewer from VideoGamer.com noted that the co-operative gameplay was strong, and that the addition of online play "opens the [gameplay] up to a wider range of people." PALGN's Jeremy Jastrzab felt that the game's menus were convoluted and difficult to navigate, and also felt that the game began to drag near the end of the story. GameTrailers's reviewer The inclusion of additional mutant powers and online gameplay were points of praise. GameSpot's Greg Mueller praised the game's vast cast of characters, destructible environments and unlockable content, but felt that the user interface was awkward. Mueller also felt that the game loaded content far too frequently. GamesRadar's Raymond Padilla had similar complaints about the frequency and length of the game's load times. Padilla praised the addition of online play and the automatic upgrade system.

Reviewers have high marks on the game's cast of characters, but were divided in their opinions of the choice of voice actors. GameTrailers's reviewer disliked that several famous X-Men and Brotherhood characters were not playable, but appeared only as side characters. They also cited issues with voice acting and a convoluted story. Unlike the critic from GameTrailers, G4's reviewer praised the overall story, and further praised the selection of characters for the cast. Greg Mueller of GameSpot also praised the game's vast cast of characters.

Critics were split on their assessment of the game's visuals. The reviewer from GameTrailers noted that the game's visuals had improved greatly, citing the effects, environments and cinematics as some of the largest upgrades. Inversely GamesRadar's Raymond Padilla felt that the game's graphics felt dated. Steve Steinberg of GameSpy conceded that while the visuals were generally improved over the game's predecessor, it still lacked in quality and variation. Steinberg stated that the characters now felt like "a part of the environments, as opposed to cut-outs floating on top of it." He noted that even with the improvements that players may lose their character amidst the environment, causing confusion.

The success of the "X-Men Legends" series led Raven Software, Marvel, and Activision to create the video game "", which was released on several consoles, handheld devices and Microsoft Windows in 2007. Barking Lizards, Vicarious Visions and Beenox handled the ports for different platforms. "Marvel: Ultimate Alliance" was followed by "", jointly developed by Vicarious Visions, n-Space and Savage Entertainment. "Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2" was released on several consoles and handhelds in the fall of 2009. Vicarious Visions developed the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions, while n-Space developed the Nintendo DS, PSP and Wii versions. Savage Entertainment ported the version developed by n-Space to the PSP.


</doc>
<doc id="2067364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2067364" title="Age of Conan">
Age of Conan

Age of Conan: Unchained (formerly known as Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures) is a fantasy-themed massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Funcom and published by Eidos Interactive for Microsoft Windows in 2008. "Age of Conan" is the first installment in the planned "Age of Conan" series. "Age of Conan" takes place within the continent of the Hyborian kingdoms, a year after the events depicted in Robert E. Howard's Conan novel, "The Hour of the Dragon". "Hyborian Adventures"' release celebrated the 76th anniversary of the "Conan" franchise.

Combat comprises striking a target from different angles, such as hacking down against the head, slashing diagonally down from the left or right, and slashing diagonally up from the left or right. These directions are designed to be strung together in combination naturally during combat. Difficult-to-perform combinations cause additional damage and faster strikes.

The developer Funcom stated that their "Real Combat" system, a combat system designed to offer more real-time options than traditional "Dungeons & Dragons"-inspired "turn-based" combat systems that are more commonly used, will be a prime attraction of "Age of Conan: Unchained". This "Real Combat" system is a first-person melee approach in which every enemy has three different areas that players can target. Combinations can be performed by stringing together consecutive attacks in particular directions. Feedback from players has pointed out that this system requires a certain degree of dexterity. Character statistics and item bonuses also play a role in this system, however item bonuses have less effect on a character's power than in comparable games, so that whilst equipment does play a certain role other factors also have an impact, such as the player's skill or their analysis of the scenario. The idea of "Real Combat" is to eliminate the dullness of typical MMO fighting, which often consists of an auto-attack feature.

The "Real Combat" system is used in one-on-one weapon battles, as well as during spell-casting, ranged combat and mounted combat. In some situations however, players will choose to band together and unite their skills to face other bands of players or non-player armies. Players can then work together and build on each other's strengths, for example a character standing in line with a 'Conqueror' when he is running will have a greater resistance to knockback effects.

Players are able to take part in large scale siege operations. Adventurers can cooperate with one another to build cities with walls, towers and catapults that can protect player-owned taverns and merchant facilities.

In July 2011, a Hardcore PvP server was launched for the EU and US servers. This hardcore PvP server removes the guards from the various cities and playfields and re-opened PvP on the instances around the city of Tortage. This hardcore server brings back the basics of MMO PvP combat in that players will have a chance at dropping loot from their inventory when they are killed in player vs player combat. Players are also only able to have one character on these servers. This was a fresh-start server which doesn't allow any character transfer to it, does not allow the use of offline levels, or free level 50 characters.

Characters in "Age of Conan" are registered to a unique user account on a specific online server, with characters created on one server unable to be played on another. Players are able to create characters which function as their virtual avatars in the online world of Hyboria. During character creation, the player may choose from four playable races. The character is one of four archetypes (in bold) and one of three class selections for each archetype. The "" expansion brought on a new race, the "Khitan". Earlier only some classes were free to play but on December 13, 2012 all classes were made available in the free model.

"Age of Conan" is set in a low fantasy pseudo-historical ancient world called the Hyborian Age, created by Robert E. Howard. The warlord Conan has seized the throne of Aquilonia, but ancient evils seek to overthrow him.

The lead artist Terje Lundberg said that the look and feel of "Hyboria" was based on the interpretation of the stories written by Howard:

Lundberg said the game at launch will contain three countries, Cimmeria, a northern country with snow and highlands, Aquilonia, which contains "green hills, lush riverbeds, and the marvelous city of Tarantia", and Stygia, which consists mostly of deserts and "some beautiful cities" — as well as the island of Tortage which "has a diverse geography ranging from jungle to harbors".

Between March 2005 and January 2006, Funcom periodically revealed concept art and screenshots from "Age of Conan". The art drector for the "Conan" project have been Didrik Tollefsen, previously known for "The Longest Journey" and "Anarchy Online – Shadowlands", which won the Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction award in 2003.

In January 2006, Funcom unveiled the community portal for "Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures". By this time, much of the pre-launch community had gathered around the forums and IRC chat of the official "Age of Conan" website. There were informal events such as IRC chats with the developers and, in summer 2006, community contests. In April 2006, Funcom created a forum for guild recruitment entitled the Guild Hall for its pre-launch community, allowing forum members began organizing their player guilds.

In January 2007, several important updates were announced regarding the expected launch window for the game. Funcom also announced the original twenty-three classes had been merged down to fourteen classes to avoid the lack of diversity between them.
The game makes use of following technologies:

On February 7, 2008, Funcom and Eidos announced that over 500,000 people had signed up for the Beta Testing of "Age of Conan".

Five principal individuals worked on the music and audio for "Age of Conan". The audio director was Morten Sørlie, who created the soundtrack for "Anarchy Online – Shadowlands". Simon Poole (lead sound designer on "Dreamfall – The Longest Journey") took over as audio director in May 2007, and saw the project through to completion. The sound designers are Tord D. Nikolaisen and Fredrik Martol. Composer Knut Avenstroup Haugen wrote the musical score for the game. To create a musical score for the Hyborian universe, Haugen turned to many different sources: For the music of the different ethnic groups, Haugen studied traditional music from relevant parts of the world. For the overall sound of the Hyborian Age, Haugen studied ancient and medieval music as well as the romantic orchestra repertoire and film scores, while avoiding conventions that connect too closely to specific historical periods.

The female vocalist heard in the score is Norwegian singer Helene Bøksle. The lyrics of the music is in the Old Norwegian language and comes from the Völuspá, the first and best known poem of the Poetic Edda. Norwegian punk rock artists Turbonegro contributed three bonus songs to the soundtrack CD, one of which was written specifically for the album.

Over 40 actors voiced the large cast of characters. The recording was done at Side UK in London, Side LA in California, and at Funcom in Norway. The dance moves were made using motion capture on the dancer Hallgrim Hansegård, who is a backing dancer for the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 2009: "Fairytale" by Alexander Rybak.

Funcom delayed "Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures" on January 21, 2008 and again on March 24, 2008. The delays were widely reported by online game magazines such as IGN. Once released, the game sold over 500,000 copies worldwide by June 1, 2008. Six days later one million copies had been shipped in total.

Since release, Funcom has made improvements to performance and changes and additions to the game which were not ready in time for launch, as well as in response to feedback from players. Additions have included new adventuring zones, and revamps of existing dungeons.

On May 19, 2008, GameZone.com presented a series of original fictional stories by Michael Lafferty, stemming from the massively multiplayer online world of "Age of Conan – Hyborian Adventures". The stories were written with the permission and cooperation of Funcom. The tales explore the world, the characters and the lore involved in "Hyboria".

In September 2008, Gaute Godager, the producer and game director resigned from his role in "Age of Conan" and from Funcom, a company he had been involved in for over 16 years. In his press release, he revealed that he was not happy with elements in the game's development since release. He was succeeded by Craig Morrison, previously game director of "Anarchy Online", and community manager for various Funcom community forums.

On June 30, 2011, Funcom began marketing the game with the new title, "Age of Conan: Unchained" (as opposed to "Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures"), and altered the subscription model to a hybrid one. A hybrid model incorporates free-to-play (no monthly fee is charged) and premium plans. Premium players may choose from 1-, 3-, 6-, and 12-month recurring payment, while free-to-play players have limited access to characters, features, and areas. Some of the limitations can be removed with the use of the new "Item Shop" (available only in the game), where items can be bought with the help of Funcom Points. Funcom Points can be earned either by subscribing or by buying them with real cash.

On February 22, 2013, "Age of Conan" was released on Steam.

In his monthly letter for August 2013, Joel Byos revealed a new major PvP event titled "The Great Hyborian Race". A new server called the Blood and Glory ruleset server which will be started specifically for this event. The players will have to create a new character on this server in order to participate in this event. The objective is to reach level 80 in all classes by joining a guild or by going it alone. Those first to reach the level will be awarded special prizes. Those who reach a certain threshold of PvP experience within a given timeframe will be given bonus rewards. For the duration of the event, participants will be unable to use offline levels and restrictions will be placed on XP potions. Players have to earn experience through PvE and PvP fights. The developers are aiming to start the event after the server merge which was delayed due to office move by Funcom.

The first expansion titled "Age of Conan: Rise of the Godslayer" was released on May 11, 2010 and can be bought for Funcom Points from the item shop by all players. It provides new areas for medium-level characters in the form of a home zone for the new playable race, the Khitans; and four additional regions for high-level characters. The new content also includes new companions that can be trained for use as combat pets, or as mounts. A faction system was introduced in order to add variety and re-playability to the new zones. Through new quests, group instances, and raids, players are able to gather tokens to buy new armour sets. An additional incentive is the "Alternative Advancement" system; a new tree of character feats or perks that are acquired by means of a dedicated point system. It also expanded the raiding in the game to add Tier 4.

On August 31, 2011, Funcom released "The Savage Coast of Turan" adventure pack, which can be bought for Funcom Points from the item shop by all players. The pack includes a new playfield known as "Coast of Ardashir", two new solo instances, a group instance, a new 24-man raid instance called "Temple of Erlik" and a new combat pet. The new content was aimed to launch along with the 2011 film "Conan the Barbarian", so that players had the chance to see some of the characters, armor, and weapons from the film.

On September 3, 2012 Funcom announced that it is planning a new adventure pack called "Secrets of Dragon's Spine" which will be released in a series of updates. The pack introduces a new zone called Dragon's Spine, a row of small peaks in the southern wastes of Stygia. It will feature new quests, dungeons, challenges, a new mount type, a new raid instance and a new PvP area. The first update was released on live servers on January 10, 2013. On August 13, 2013 a new dungeon which also contains a city of the Serpent Men was added in the Dragon's Spine. A Serpent Man boss called Oldblood along with a new area was added on 6 March 2014.

The perpetrator of the 2011 Norway attacks, Anders Behring Breivik, used music from the "Age of Conan: Hyborian Adventures" soundtrack in a video he uploaded to video sharing sites, including YouTube, at the same time that he published his manifesto. Breivik wrote that Bøksle's voice is the perfect sound to listen to when one commits acts of martyrdom. During his trial he also testified that he uses this music, particularly the song "Ere the World Crumbles" when he meditates, as he did in preparation for his terrorist acts on 22 July 2011. Bøksle said in a press release in the week following the attacks that she distanced herself from Breivik's use of the music. The music's composer, Knut Avenstroup Haugen, has done the same.

The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to Metacritic. Seth Schiesel, writing for "The New York Times", opined that the development of the game would have benefited from a few extra months of production.

Knut Avenstroup Haugen won the IFMCA award for Best Original Score for a Video Game or Interactive Media for his score.




</doc>
<doc id="2080524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2080524" title="Destroy All Humans! (2005 video game)">
Destroy All Humans! (2005 video game)

Destroy All Humans! is an action-adventure video game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ for PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The game is the first installment in the "Destroy All Humans!" franchise, and is set in 1959 in the United States, and parodies the lifestyles, pop culture, and political attitudes of this time period. The player controls Cryptosporidium 137 (a reference to the protozoan parasite "Cryptosporidium"), a member of the fictional Furon race of alien life, who has come to Earth to harvest DNA from humans to continue the cloning process of his species. A full remake of the game is currently set for a 2020 release.

The game begins with a Furon, Cryptosporidium-136, hovering over a launch site with military personnel testing a rocket. The rocket is launched and destroys the ship carrying Crypto-136, and leaves him fatally wounded. Crypto-136 is later captured by the U.S. Army. Some time later, Cryptosporidium-137 travels to Earth with another Furon, Orthopox-13. Cryptosporidium (nicknamed 'Crypto') comes with the intention of rescuing 136, while Orthopox (nicknamed "Pox") desires to extract human brain stems for study. Crypto arrives at Turnipseed Farm in the Southern United States, where Pox mistakes cows for Earth's dominant life-form. The Majestic agency is alerted to the Furon presence when Crypto decimates an army brigade passing through the area. Pox, communicating with Crypto through a hologram-like device, then reveals to Crypto that the reason he requires human brain stems is because they contain pure Furon D.N.A. handed down to them by Furon scouts eons ago when the Furons stopped on Earth for "shore leave" following a war with Mars, which was rendered uninhabitable by the Furon Empire.
After several missions in the Midwestern town of Rockwell and the California suburb of Santa Modesta, Crypto and Pox become aware of the Majestic, and begin crippling government attempts to stop them by performing acts such as destroying Area 42 with an atomic bomb and defeating his recurring foe, Armquist, the head of the army. Throughout the game, Crypto's various acts are covered up by the government and media, which attribute them either to freak accidents or to Communism.

After being temporarily captured in Union Town, the game climaxes in Capitol City, where Crypto assassinates President Huffman and brutally slaughters all members of Congress. Soon, the U.S. government seemingly surrenders to the Furons. Crypto meets Silhouette, leader of Majestic, in front of the Capitol. After a brief scuffle with Silhouette, Crypto discovers that "he" is a woman. Silhouette unveils the Roboprez, which is a towering mech controlled by President Huffman's brain. Crypto defeats Roboprez in his flying saucer, and then defeats Silhouette in a final battle at the Octagon. As Silhouette dies, she reveals that there are other Majestic divisions all over the world. Crypto, however, is confident that without Silhouette's leadership, Majestic will be totally powerless to resist the Furon takeover.

The game ends with Huffman making a televised speech, assuring America that the recent events were the work of communists, who have poisoned the U.S. water supply, and that as a result testing centers have been set up all across the country to scan people for harmful toxins. People are then shown being herded reluctantly by Army soldiers into strange machines, apparently for brain stem extraction. Huffman is then revealed to be Crypto in disguise.

Furons: Coming from the planet Furon, mistaken for Gorta in 'Destroy All Humans!' by the Majestic, in the Proxima Centauri system. Pox corrects the planet's name in 'Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon'. The "Furons" are aliens that have a similar appearance to the Greys, aside from having mouths full of sharp teeth. Furons are named after diseases (such as Orthopox and Cryptosporidium), and are a highly advanced race who use their technology for harsh, unsympathetic science and vicious war. Unregulated atomic weaponry caused a fatal mutation in the Furon race whereby they could no longer reproduce due to their lack of genitalia. Using their advanced biotechnology, they began cloning themselves, rendering each Furon virtually immortal, memories and personality being technologically transferred to each new clone. However, with each new clone errors appeared in the genetic material, leading to unpredictable results. Without an infusion of uncorrupted Furon D.N.A., they will clone themselves into extinction.

"Destroy All Humans!" is set in the United States in the year 1959 and consists of six settings; "Turnipseed Farm" (a Southern farm community, in Tennessee), "Rockwell" (a Nebraska town), "Santa Modesta" (a parody of Santa Monica), "Area 42" (a parody of Area 51 but based in New Mexico instead), "Union Town" (an Eastern seaboard industrial city) and "Capitol City" (a parody of Washington, D.C.).
All buildings and structures in these environments can be destroyed (save for trees and rocks), and humans can become alarmed by Crypto's presence at these locations. While some run or hide, others are armed and fight back. An alert system, much like "Grand Theft Auto's" "wanted level" denotes how much attention Crypto has attracted. Depending on the alert level, police, military, and eventually the Majestic will attempt to defend civilians from Crypto.

Neutral NPC's frequently refer to pop culture of the late 1950s such as the Edsel, Marilyn Monroe and 'Ike' Dwight D. Eisenhower when scanned by crypto. In keeping with the cold war setting, hostile NPC's refer to crypto as a 'commie' with his various actions covered up in news stories as communist attacks.

Military technology in the game is depicted as being far more advanced than it actually was in the 1950s, with the US Army having possession of sentry guns, automated anti-air batteries, gigantic, ultra-radioactive tesla coils, and mechanized walkers. The Majestic group also seems to be equipped with energy weapons, reverse-engineered Furon technology.

The hub of the game is the Furon mothership in orbit around Earth, which vaguely resembles the Alien mothership from "Close Encounters of the Third Kind". From there players can receive missions, upgrade weapons, and view unlocked content. This is also the portal to each of the game's Earth settings.

In "Destroy All Humans!", players assume the role of Cryptosporidium 137 (Crypto for short), a warrior and member of the Furons—a race of war-like extraterrestrials with a large empire constantly seizing new worlds through conquest. After centuries of warfare against inferior species using unchecked nuclear weaponry left their species impotent and without genitalia, the Furons were unable to sexually reproduce and became forced to turn to cloning as a means of reproduction, as well as a process by which to achieve immortality. However, after generations of clones, the Furon DNA is degrading, and each clone is becoming less and less stable.

Fortunately for the Furons, one of their scout ships came across Earth many millennia ago while returning from the conquest of Mars. The Furon space travelers impregnated the "nubile" ancestors of the human race to "let off a little steam", inserting a strand of Furon DNA into the human gene pool.

Because of this, each human contains a small amount of Furon DNA in their genetic code. Crypto is sent to Earth to harvest this DNA from human brain stems, locate and rescue his previous clone, Cryptosporidium-136, and spearhead a Furon invasion of Earth. The game is set up in a sandbox fashion. The player has a selection of weapons and mental abilities at their disposal, as well as access to Crypto's flying saucer. "Destroy All Humans!" implements the Havok physics engine, allowing for ragdoll effects on bodies and destructible environments.

Crypto possesses advanced Furon weaponry in both his flying saucer and on his person.

The saucer is equipped with a "Death Ray" which can burn humans, vehicles, and buildings; the "Abducto Beam", a tractor ray that can lift up people and objects and hurl them into the air; the Quantum Deconstructor; a highly powerful nuclear weapon that can launch radioactive bombs that utterly destroy everything in its radius; and the "Sonic Boom", a bomb that can explode on contact and shock the blast radius like a tremor.

On foot Crypto has an arsenal of four weapons, of which include the Zap-O-Matic, a gun that emits an electric charge, shocking its victims; the Anal Probe, a powerful rod that goes into the victim's rectum and uproots a DNA-enriched brain: the Disintegrator Ray, which turns the target's flesh and organs into ashes and renders only a charred skeleton; and the Ion Detonator, the Furon equivalent of a grenade launcher. He also is equipped with an upgradable jet pack to help him traverse long distances.

The Furons have a psychokinetic ability nicknamed "HoloBob" to imitate the appearance of any nearby human. This allows a Furon to travel amongst humans unnoticed. The HoloBob requires PSI energy, called "concentration" in the game, which can be continually replenished by reading the thoughts of unknowing humans or other animals. This disguise is not without flaw, as the Majestic have the ability to see through and destroy the disguise. Crypto will flash red when near a Majestic agent; if he comes too close, the disguise will vanish. Additionally, he is able to use an ability known as "PK" or PsychoKinesis that allows one to psychokinetically move objects around.

The game was conceived of by Matt Harding while he was working at Pandemic Studios, as after Microsoft rejected the more family-friendly game concept "Oddballs", he jokingly suggested "a game where you kill everyone", suggesting the title "Destroy All Humans". Being a science fiction fan, Harding even thought of using the concept of playing as an alien invader, something that he had not seen in a video game and served as a "premise for getting to do mindless destruction that makes sense.” Harding never worked on the game, feeling he lacked the “energy or interest” to "spend two years of [his] life writing a game about killing everyone". He even contested why along with the on-foot action resembling "Grand Theft Auto", there were flying saucer missions - "If you’ve got a spaceship, why would you ever get out?" - but pushed for a satirical game, something the rest of Pandemic embraced by taking the game on a comedic approach. Harding left soon after on his Asian walkabout, and began recording some of the footage that eventually became the "Where The Hell Is Matt?" videos. The game also sponsored ECW One Night Stand (2005).

Due to the game's success several sequels have been made: "Destroy All Humans! 2", which takes place in the 1960s and marks the first time Crypto invades across the globe, "Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed", a spinoff set in the 1970s in which Pox and Crypto run a fast-food chain, and "Destroy All Humans! Path of the Furon", which also takes place in the 1970s and begins with Crypto and Pox running a lucrative gambling casino called the "Space Dust".

On October 26, 2005, THQ announced that Fox Broadcasting has purchased the rights to the game and is planning a computer-animated comedy, based on the game, to air in prime time. Jim Dauterive, previously of "King of the Hill", will be a writer and executive producer of the TV version of "Destroy All Humans!" As of 2015, nothing has been unveiled. The show is also referenced in "Destroy All Humans! 2", in the Salad Days bonus video, in which Pox and Crypto reminisce on the past game, and talk about the possibilities of the game's future.

On June 7, 2019, THQ Nordic announced a remake of "Destroy All Humans!", set for a release in 2020 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. The remake is in development at Black Forest Games and will feature content that was cut from the original release. The remake is built in Unreal Engine 4.

"Destroy All Humans!" received "generally positive" and "mixed or average" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.

GameZone enjoyed the depth of destruction: "the levels themselves have the potential for a lot of damage". IGN praised the presentation of the game, stating "Phenomenal. Good behind the scenes extras. Great cutscenes. Excellent layout. Really, nicely done," but they thought the game could use a more in-depth stealth aspect: "As it happens, not developing stealth to its fullest potential turns out to be one part of a greater underlying problem with Destroy All Humans." TeamXbox cited excellent graphics, saying that ""Destroy All Humans!" is delightful to gaze at."

"Maxim" gave it a score of eight out of ten and said, "Set up like "Grand Theft Alien", there are tons of missions to complete, though you can also just roam around, killing filthy humans and destroying their stuff." "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave it four stars out of five and said, "The freedom to create chaos is terrific but some missions lack variety." "The New York Times" also gave it a favorable review, but commented that "It's a shame the gameplay lacks the almost flawless perfection of Destroy All Humans' story and presentation." "Detroit Free Press" gave it three stars out of four, calling it "Goofy fun, and that makes up for a lot of its failings. But I couldn't quite forgive the occasional tedium and fairly short length enough to give it a better rating."


</doc>
<doc id="2082145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2082145" title="Lux (video game)">
Lux (video game)

Lux is a series of turn-based strategy computer games, inspired by the rule system of the board game "Risk" but expanding it to function on any map made up of a graph of countries and the connections between them. 
"Lux" was developed and self-published by developer Sillysoft Games. The user community has been active in growing "Lux". Users can create maps and computer AIs for "Lux", and submit them to be included in the official plugin manager.

"Lux Delux" is a "Risk"-style clone with generally similar rules to the original. Up to six players can play at once, and any empty spot in the game is filled up by "bots," or computer AI personalities. "Lux" has over 900 maps, each varying in size, shape, and complexity. Regardless of the map, the object of the game remains: eliminate all other players so only one remains. Players play for "Raw," which is awarded or taken away based on whether you win or lose games. These games are recorded, and the player with the most raw at the end of the week is awarded a virtual medal. Aside from the weekly medals, players compete for the best seed, the calculation of a player's best weekly ranking. Awards are distributed on a player's rankings page, along with a record of his/her win percentage, games, and more.

Like "Risk", winning in "Lux" requires both skill and luck, with every attack hanging on the result of a dice roll. However, in spite of the randomness there exists a regular group of players who dominate the multiplayer rankings. Like many online turn-based board games, "Lux" includes a chat capability, allowing conversation, tactical discussions, offers of alliance, etc., and some players use this as a political tool in their play to great advantage.

The ranking system is very competitive, and has evolved into a two-tiered system where each player has a score in the current week, as well as a seeded place depending on the last 16 weeks of play. The online player base is relatively small (about 700 regular online players), but many of them are fairly dedicated.

A much greater number of users play the game off-line with computer AI opponents. The AI players play by the same rules and are subject to the same game-play limitations as human players, that is, they can't cheat. About half of these "bots" were programmed by members of the community, and they have evolved to employ sophisticated strategies, such as recognizing players who target them, cooperation, and the imitation of other bots' behavior. Some also respond to text chat, and human responses to them can influence their choice of tactics. The bots sometimes receive respectable rankings for their online play.

The original maps are numerous and varied, and most of them are made and submitted by players and casual gamers. Some maps are based on historic battles or wars (e.g., there is a map of the Vietnam War), and others are fantasy realms, inspired by other board games (such as "Monopoluxy," or "Scrabblux"), or are simply geometric shapes. In addition, the coding allows for one-way connections on a map, meaning a particular "country" may be able to attack another, but not the other way around, which allows for unique strategies.

In addition to specific maps, there are also map generators, which give you a random set of countries and continents as opposed to a set map.

Maps feature what is called a starting scenario. When this option is on, players get a set number of troops and income in a location predetermined by the map's creator.

Lux has a small community, with a few hundred players playing online at any given time, and an unknown number playing offline with bots. Currently, this community is moderated by six "mods," and the owner, Dustin. There are very few rules which players have to follow, most of which are along the lines of "Keep your language appropriate for a friendly board game."

Sillysoft hosts a "Lux Delux" forum, where old and new players can get a jump on special tournaments, and other "Lux"-related news. The same moderators who moderate the forums also moderate the online gameplay.

Lux hosts several special tournaments throughout the year, many of them annual. Some of these tournaments include "The Last Ninja" tournament, the "Castles Tournament", the "Easter Egg Hunt", and the largest tournament, "Luxtoberfest". Luxtoberfest is a month-long festival in October, with different events, special maps, games, and awards on both the forums and the actual game itself.

"Lux Delux" was a finalist in the 2005 Independent Games Festival awards contest. The user community has been active in growing "Lux". In February 2009 wired.com readers voted "Lux Touch" the #1 iPhone game. "Lux" currently holds a four and a half out of five star rating on Totaldiplomacy.com Lux got mixed to good reviews, with many praising the community and the huge selection of maps.

Sillysoft released two standalone games based on the "Lux" game engine in 2006. They both consist of a single-player campaign through a set of historical maps. In the first game, "American History Lux", the user is limited to playing the American positions in wars from the French and Indian to the Gulf War. In the second game, "Ancient Empires Lux", players can play as any faction in the history of 12 ancient empires from Sumer to the Roman Empire. These games come with some historical information for each level, with links to Wikipedia articles for further information.

In December 2008, "Lux" debuted for the Apple iPhone in the form of "Lux Touch" (a free version) and "Lux DLX" (paid).

In December 2014, "Lux" debuted for the Android platform in the form of "Lux DLX" (a free ad supported).

"Lux" was greenlit on Steam in January 2015 and released the following May, after a two-year campaign.

Sillysoft's follow-up game "Lux Alliance" was also greenlit on Steam and scheduled to release there in June 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="2082659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2082659" title="ARMA: Armed Assault">
ARMA: Armed Assault

ARMA: Armed Assault (stylized as AA; known as ARMA: Combat Operations in North America), is a tactical military first- and third-person shooter, released in 2006.

"ARMA" is the spiritual successor to "" and features an overhauled game engine, with improved graphics, physics, multiplayer functionality, scripting capabilities, and new units and vehicles. An expansion pack titled "" was released in 2007.

Because of legal issues between Bohemia Interactive and Codemasters (the original publishers of "Operation Flashpoint"), Codemasters owns the intellectual property to the name "Operation Flashpoint". Since Bohemia Interactive severed its connection with Codemasters and no longer has the legal right to use the "Operation Flashpoint" name, "Armed Assault" is considered to be the direct descendant of "Operation Flashpoint". "ARMA 2" (previously referred to as "Game 2") was released in June 2009. Codemasters has released a rival title to Bohemia Interactive using the name "", in which Bohemia Interactive has no participation.

The multiplayer aspect of the game features a "Join in Progress" option, so that players can play without waiting. The number of people allowed in a multiplayer game is limited only by the server's capability. NPCs are also available in multiplayer missions, both as allies and enemies, while the mission editor allows users to script battle scenarios. A cooperative mode of gameplay is also included, allowing players online to complete the single player missions as a human player squad. The "Armed Assault" community also creates custom content such as new missions, campaigns, factions and weapons.

A new multiplayer mode that blends FPS and RTS elements was released as "ArmA Warfare" in the official update 1.14. "ArmA Warfare" contains team-based multiplayer missions with realtime strategy. Two sides fight for control of the entire map or destruction of the enemy base. Players must capture whole cities to gain resources that can be channeled into manufacturing even more weapons, units and 
cars.

The campaign in "Armed Assault" is narrated by Private First Class William Porter of the United States Army (voiced by Todd Kramer), and takes place on the fictional Atlantic island of Sahrani, an island nation which is divided in two, with the northern section a Communist nation called the Democratic Republic of Sahrani (DRS) and the southern one an oil-rich monarchy called the Kingdom of South Sahrani. The narrative begins when American forces, after a few months of training the South Sahrani military, begin to depart the island. Prime Minister Torez, leader of the DRS, uses this moment of perceived weakness to launch a full-scale invasion of South Sahrani. The player takes on the role of an American soldier in one of the U.S. Army platoons not yet rotated off the island before the conflict began. The few U.S. Army platoons remaining on the island aid the Royal Army Corps of Sahrani (RACS), the South Sahrani military, in fending off the more powerful northern neighbor's offensive, being spearheaded by the North Sahrani military, with the Sahrani Liberation Army (SLA) at the forefront. While the SLA offensive is successful at first, U.S. Army manages to halt the offensive and starts driving the occupying forces from the southern part of the island with plans to topple the regime on the north.

The campaign follows a linear storyline. However, each level in the campaign has options for the player on how to progress through the mission. The player's in-game performance and choices determine how the storyline progresses and ultimately will have a bearing on the war itself. For example, a mission to seize a crucial town can have a substantial effect on the story depending on the player's level of success or failure. Failure to successfully complete an objective does not result in the game ending but will affect the storyline. Hostile squads act independently of the player's actions so that they may be engaging in an activity dictated by the game A.I. that does not necessarily involve the player. This implies that the game has high replay value as no two games will be identical.

"ARMA"'s expansion pack, "ARMA: Queen's Gambit" (also known as "Royal Flush" in the USA), was released on September 28, 2007 and contained a followup to the original storyline and added a second event afterward.

The campaign, Royal Flush, is the story of a Mercenary Team hired by Queen Isabella to eliminate chemical weapons. After the death of the original team leader, the team uncovers that the Queen has built detention camps for political prisoners and supporters of the Prince. Depending on the squad's actions there are a two outcomes:


Rahmadi Conflict follows up on the original campaign following Special Forces Commander Leon Ortega and his squad as they assault the last remaining SLA stronghold on Rahmadi, with the discovery of a "President" that is leading the SLA remnants. Depending on the team's action, The President will be captured, killed, or escapes the island.

"ARMA" received average reception on its release, praised for the unique believability of its action but criticized for its difficulty, complexity, and bugs. IGN said ""ArmA"'s adherence to realism and accuracy in terms of weapons and world design is highly commendable and hopefully will inspire other developers in similar directions." GameDaily praised its "spectacular graphics" and its multiplayer, but criticized its bugs and "complicated menu system". Computer Games Online said "It’s hard...to believe that they actually thought that such an unpolished game would enjoy any kind of success."

The game has sold 300,000 units as of 28 February 2008. By 2010, sales has surpassed 400,000 copies.

The sequel, "ARMA 2", is a standalone military simulation video game for Microsoft Windows that was released in June 2009 using the Real Virtuality game engine. A well known mod DayZ was released on this title, it requires the standalone expansion pack game titled ARMA 2: Operation Arrowhead.



</doc>
<doc id="2086141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2086141" title="Galidor: Defenders of the Outer Dimension">
Galidor: Defenders of the Outer Dimension

Galidor: Defenders of the Outer Dimension, sometimes shortened as Galidor, is a 2002 Canadian/American television series that ran on YTV in Canada and Fox Kids in the United States in 2002 with a total of 26 half-hour episodes. The series was created by Thomas W. Lynch, the creator of "The Secret World of Alex Mack" and "The Journey of Allen Strange". It was the final series to launch on Fox Kids, as the block folded only 7 months after its debut.

The show is centered upon Nick Bluetooth, a 15-year-old boy led (with his best friend Allegra Zane) by an extraterrestrial map to a spacecraft nicknamed the Egg, which moves them into an "Outer Dimension" threatened by Gorm. They are now there to protect the story's eponymous dimension. To defeat Gorm, Nick must find all the pieces of a key that will unlock the sealed gates to the kingdom of Galidor, one of many realms comprising the dimension.




A licensed Galidor-themed Lego toy line of the same name was produced by the Lego Group in 2002. Unlike other Lego themes, these were simply action figures with swappable body parts, akin to a simplified version of Lego's Bionicle theme. The theme was considered a commercial failure, due to bad design choices and lack of compatibility with other Lego themes. Only 15 sets were released overall, with 2 sets in limited quantities and 2 sets cancelled immediately.

An eponymous video game adaption of "Galidor" was developed for Game Boy Advance by Tiertex Design Studios, and for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and GameCube by Asylum Entertainment. In May 2002, publisher Electronic Arts first displayed the Game Boy Advance and PlayStation 2 versions at E3 2002. The Game Boy Advance game was released by Lego Interactive and Electronic Arts on October 29, 2002 to the North American market. The game received a mixed reception, with reviews usually citing repetitive gameplay and unresponsive controls. Asylum Entertainment's take on the game was initially scheduled for a release in early 2003, and in July 2003, Electronic Arts announced that would be released in September of that year; however, on September 3, 2003, Asylum Entertainment announced that, due to financial instability, they had cancelled their "Galidor" game for all platforms, and laid off the game's team. The unfinished PC version was eventually found in various budget re-releases of individual Lego video games, or Lego video game bundles, released by Focus Multimedia and ValuSoft in Europe and North America, respectively.



</doc>
<doc id="2087248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2087248" title="Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares">
Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares

Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares is a 4X turn-based strategy game set in space, designed by Steve Barcia and Ken Burd, and developed by Simtex, who developed its predecessor "Master of Orion". The PC version was published by MicroProse in 1996, and the Apple Macintosh version a year later by MacSoft, in partnership with MicroProse. The game has retained a large fan base, and is still played online.

"Master of Orion II" won the Origins Award for Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Computer Game of 1996, and was well received by critics, although reviewers differed about which aspects they liked and disliked. It is used as a yardstick in reviews of more recent space-based 4X games.

Long before the time in which the game is set, two extremely powerful races, the Orions and the Antarans, fought a war that devastated most of the galaxy. The victorious Orions, rather than exterminate the Antarans, imprisoned them in a pocket dimension before departing the galaxy, leaving behind a very powerful robotic warship, the Guardian, to protect their homeworld.

Some time after the game starts, the Antarans, having broken out of their prison dimension, begin to send increasingly powerful fleets against the players' colonies, to destroy them rather than to invade. The only way they can be stopped is to carry the battle to their home universe through a Dimensional Portal.

"Master of Orion II" is more complex than the original game, providing more gameplay options for the player. Three new alien races have been added, and the option for players to design their own race. Instead of the one planet per star system found in the original there are now multiplanet star systems that can be shared with opponents. Spaceships can now engage in combat, marines can board enemy ships, and planets can be blown up. Multiplayer mode includes one-on-one matches and games with up to eight players.

Victory can be gained by military or diplomatic means. Major elements of the game's strategy include the design of custom races and the need to balance the requirements for food, production, cash and research. The user interface provides a central screen for most economic management and other screens that control research, diplomacy, ship movement, combat and warship design.

Conquering the Orion star system does not automatically win the game; it merely provides the powerful Avenger starship and some non-researchable Antaran technologies. There are three routes to victory: conquer all opponents; be elected as the supreme leader of the galaxy; or make a successful assault against the Antaran homeworld. To be elected, a player needs two-thirds of the total votes, and each empire's votes are based on the population under its control.

Star systems have at most five colonizable planets, and a few have none. Players can colonize all solid planet types, while gas giants and asteroids can be made habitable with the planet construction technology. Colonizable planets vary in several ways, making some more desirable than others:

The most desirable systems are usually guarded by space monsters, much less powerful than Orion's Guardian but still a challenge in the early game, when fleets are small and low-technology.

Without food, a colony will starve to death. If an empire has an overall food surplus, it can prevent localized starvation by sending food in freighters, which are produced in groups of five and require a small amount of upkeep when in use. However, a single hostile warship of any size can blockade an entire system, preventing the delivery of food.

Each player can change each of its colonies' outputs by moving colonists between farming, industry and research, except that natives can only farm. All normal colonists pay a standard tax to the imperial treasury, and an additional imperial tax may be set causing a corresponding reduction of industrial output on all colonies. Players can use surplus money to accelerate industrial production at specified colonies, but not to increase agricultural or research output. The maintenance of buildings costs money, as does maintaining an excessively large fleet. Ships of different sizes require different numbers of "command points". These are provided by orbital bases, which are major construction projects for small colonies, and communications technology. This severely limits the size of empires' fleets in the early game, where one can have only one frigate (smallest type of ship) per starbase "or" one battleship (largest type of ship in the early game) per four starbases without having to "buy" command points, which is very expensive.

Research, usually followed by construction of appropriate buildings, can improve all types of productivity, including cashflow and command points, and can reduce or eliminate pollution, Falling behind in technology is likely to be fatal. There are eight research areas divided into several levels, each of which contains one to four technologies. To research a higher-level technology, players must first have researched the previous level. Players can also acquire technologies by exchange or diplomatic threats, spying, hiring colonial leaders or ship commanders with knowledge of certain technologies, planetary conquest, capturing and dismantling enemy ships, random events, or by stumbling upon it in a derelict craft orbiting a newly discovered planet. All weapons and most other combat-related components benefit from miniaturization, in which further advances in the technology area that provides them will reduce the size and production cost of those components. Technological advancements also make available modifications for most weapons, which usually entail a significant increase in their cost and size but can greatly improve their effectiveness in the right situations.

"Master of Orion II" provides a wide range of diplomatic negotiations: gifts of money or technology or even all the colonies in a star system; opportunities to demand such concessions from other players; technology trades; trade, non-aggression and alliance treaties. The diplomacy menu, called "Races" in the game, also enables the player to allocate spies between defensive duties and spying or sabotage against other empires, and to check opponents' technological progress and diplomatic relationships.

The designs of colony ships, outpost ships and troop transports are fixed. These three ship types can be destroyed instantly by even the weakest combat ship if they travel unescorted. Colony ships, outpost ships, troop transports and warships may benefit from technological advances that increase the range and speed of all of an empire's ships free of charge. Players can design warships, provided they choose the "tactical combat" option in game set-up. A maximum of five classes can be designed at a time, but an indefinite number may be in operation. Players can also refit ships to take advantage of technological improvements not available through free upgrades.

Ships can travel to any star system within their range, unlike games such as "Space Empires" or "Master of Orion III", in which interstellar travel is possible only or mainly via "wormholes" and it is possible to set up easily defended choke points.

In "Master of Orion II", space combat occurs only within star systems, either over a planet one side is attacking or on the outskirts of a system, if one side is driving away the other's blockaders or trying to prevent an enemy build-up. If the defending side has warships and several colonies in a system, they automatically scramble to defend whichever colony is attacked. In general, enemy colonies can be taken over only after all orbital and planet-based defenses have been destroyed and all defending ships have been destroyed or forced to retreat. However, a fleet including telepaths will mind-control the colony, unless the defenders also include telepaths. In other cases the only way to seize control of an enemy colony is by invading. In order to do this, the attacking fleet must include some troop transports, which will be lost if the invasion fails, and at least transports will be permanently deployed on the planet if the invasion succeeds. A player cannot control ground combat: the result depends on numbers, ground combat technologies, racial ground combat bonuses, and some Leaders if present. However the game displays the progress of the combat and the ground combat technologies and bonuses used by each side. Mind-controlled colonies are instantly loyal to their new owners. Other recently occupied colonies on the other hand are disaffected, have poor productivity, and may rebel and rejoin the empire which founded them. Productivity slowly improves and the risk of rebellion slowly recedes, and there is a way to speed up these improvements. Instead of invading, a victorious attacker may destroy an enemy colony by various means.

From time to time players are presented with the opportunity to hire leaders, for a hiring fee and usually an annual salary. Colony leaders improve the farming and/or industrial and/or research and/or financial productivity of all colonies in the system to which they are assigned, and some improve the efficiency of defensive or offensive spies. Ship leaders improve the combat effectiveness of their fleet and some improve the fleets' travel speed. A few leaders of both types also improve the performance ground troops under their command, or contribute directly to a player's finances, or attract other leaders for a reduced hiring fee.

From time to time there are lucky breaks, disasters or emergencies which are not caused by any player's actions. These can be disabled in the game start-up menu.

"Master of Orion II" provides 13 pre-defined playable races, three of which are additions to those available in "Master of Orion". The game also allows players to create custom races, and a group of enthusiasts regard race design as a crucial element of strategy. Each player starts with ten "picks" (race design points). Choosing advantageous traits reduces the number of picks available, while choosing disadvantages increases them, but players cannot choose more than ten picks' worth of disadvantages. Most of the options are major or minor advantages and minor disadvantages in farming, industry, research, population growth, money, space combat, espionage and ground combat. The race design system also offers "special abilities" that have various effects on various aspects of their effectiveness.

The player chooses the empire's form of government, which has almost as much influence on how it performs as the choices described above, but the "best" governments cost a lot of picks. Dictatorships are the most common governments for the pre-defined races, costing no picks while providing appropriately minor bonuses and penalties. Democracy provides major advantages in research and wealth generation, but is the most vulnerable to spying and sabotage. Democracies also cannot annihilate conquered aliens, but do have the fastest assimilation rate. Unification governments provide advantages in farming and industrial output and defense against espionage, but do not benefit from morale and assimilate conquered aliens at the slowest rate. Feudalism provides a large reduction in spaceship construction costs, but suffers from very slow research. The race design menu treats Feudalism as a significant disadvantage. Each government can be upgraded once by research.

Players can manage their economies almost entirely from the Colony List. The Colony List allows the player to access any colony's Build Menu, and to change a colony's output by moving colonists between Farmers, Workers and Scientists. The Build Menu allows the player to queue up to seven items for construction at a colony, to refit ships in that colony's system and to design ships that may then be built at any colony. At the end of each turn, "Master of Orion II" shows a report in which items link to the appropriate display, usually to a colony's Build Menu when a construction project has been completed.

The game was designed by Steve Barcia and Ken Burd, and developed by Barcia's company Simtex, which had previously developed "Master of Orion", published in 1993 by MicroProse. For "Master of Orion II", Simtex provided additional pre-defined races, the option to create custom races, and multiplayer options. The first "Orion" game's graphics had also been heavily criticized, and the second included higher-quality artwork displayed at a higher resolution.

The main contributions were: design by Steve Barcia (lead designer), programming by Ken Burd (lead programmer) and five others; art by Dave Lawell (lead artist) and eight others; music by Laura Barratt; sound by John Henke.

In June 1995, MicroProse agreed to buy Simtex, and turned it into an internal development division. The acquisition continued to be known as "Simtex Software", and the Simtex logo appears briefly before MicroProse's while "MOO II" is loading. MicroProse released "Master of Orion II: Battle at Antares" for IBM-compatible PCs in 1996, and an Apple Macintosh version was published a year later by MicroProse in partnership with MacSoft.

"Master of Orion II" secured 10th place on PC Data's computer game sales chart for the month of November 1996. It remained in the top 20 for the next two months, in positions 17 and 20, respectively. By mid-January 1997, its global sales has surpassed 200,000 copies.

Reviews were generally favorable, and the game won the Origins Award for Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Computer Game of 1996. However, reviewers differed in regard to the new gameplay features and micromanagement. B. Geryk preferred the simpler approach of "Master of Orion", while Tom Chick found the gameplay easy to manage and much more engaging than "Master of Orion". Robert Mayer of "Strategy Plus" argued that the concepts are good but the interface makes it needlessly difficult to access information vital to managing them. "GameSpot"s Trent Ward said the game's micromanagement is "everything that the hard-core veteran dreams of", but noted that strategy game novices would find it inaccessible. Offering yet another opinion, "Next Generation" found the difference from "Master of Orion" to be minor, concluding that "perhaps the biggest problem is that the game is a little too stagnant, and doesn't really break new ground in the now-crowded galactic conquest genre."

Reviewers criticized that the race traits are unbalanced, with "creative" in particular being overpowered, but praised the replay value provided by the wide range of galaxies, races and other options. "Macworld"s Michael Gowan wrote that "Master of Orion II"s "countless strategy options will keep you coming back for more."

Complaints that the loading of artwork from CD made the game run slowly led to recommendations to download the entire CD onto hard disk before play. Cale Corbett, reviewing the Mac version, complained that the user interface was "clunky", as it lacked features common in programs originally developed for the Mac.

"Master of Orion II" was a finalist for the Computer Game Developers Conference's 1996 "Best Strategy/War Game" Spotlight Award, but lost the prize to "". It was also nominated as "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s 1996 turn-based strategy game of the year, although it lost to "Civilization II". The game was a finalist for "Computer Gaming World"s 1996 "Strategy Game of the Year" award, again losing to "Civilization II".

"Master of Orion II" was named the 39th best computer game ever by "PC Gamer UK" in 1997.

The "Master of Orion" series set a new standard for space-based 4X games, with a retrospective review describing it as "a towering monolith in the genre that has cast an eight-year-long shadow over everything that's followed... Master of Orion is still the definitive name in space opera games". In the same review, Chick added that "Master of Orion II" and its predecessor "Master of Orion" "loom large" in any discussion of science fiction strategy games. "Master of Orion II" has both influenced the subsequent development of such games and invited comparisons in reviews, with a 2006 GameSpot review describing it as "the pinnacle of the genre".

Other games have been noted for their similarities and differences with "Master of Orion II". One review of "Space Empires IV" made several comparisons with "Master of Orion II", commenting favorably on the complex tactical combat, while criticizing the relatively "sparse graphics and sound", concluding that it was the most sophisticated game available in the genre, but that it built "on the basic foundation of Master of Orion" instead of "breaking new ground". Other games which have been compared with "Master of Orion II" include "Galactic Civilizations II", which James Lombardi praised as standing "proudly next to its famed predecessor" (although it "did not include the tactical battle option like Masters of Orion II"), and "Lost Empire: Immortals", whose scale was criticised as "soulless" (relative to "Masters of Orion") by Jason Ocampo.



</doc>
<doc id="2089343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2089343" title="EcoQuest">
EcoQuest

EcoQuest is a series of two educational adventure games developed by Sierra On-Line. The original concept was developed by Sierra VP of Creative Development, Bill Davis. The authors of the series game design are Jane Jensen and Gano Haine, but Jensen was not involved in creating the second game, having moved on to the "Gabriel Knight" series.

The last of Sierra's various "Quest" series, "EcoQuest" is designed to teach about the importance of environmental ethics. The games are considerably easier than most Sierra adventures and cannot be lost or rendered unwinnable. Both use a fully mouse-driven version of SCI1, in the manner of "Space Quest IV" and "King's Quest VI".

The protagonist is a 10-year-old boy named Adam Greene, the son of an ecologist and an expert scuba diver.

The first installment, titled The Search for Cetus, was released first on floppy disk, then on CD-ROM with full speech. Adam's attempts to help a dolphin named Delphineus that his father has rescued, takes a turn for the weirder when the dolphin starts talking. In no time flat, he's trying to seek out Cetus, the sperm whale king of Eluria, an underwater kingdom populated by marine animals. He has assistance in the form of several creatures found in the various ecosystems of the world. Aside from the considerable liberty of sentient talking and semi-anthropomorphic animals, the game is more realistic than cartoony – it needs to be, to tell about the real world's environment and pollution.

The game presents the player with practical, narrative problems to solve (typical of Sierra adventure games of the period) combined with occasional puzzle elements similar to those found in the "Castle of Dr Brain". "The Search for Cetus" introduced the recycling symbol to Sierra's standard palette of command icons, giving the player bonus points for removing litter from the marine environment. The game introduces children ages 12 and up to marine biology and marine conservation by confronting them with the consequences of various human activities including: dumping of litter, releasing of helium-filled balloons, abandonment of fishing gear, collisions between vessels and marine mammals, spilling of oil and chemicals into the sea and the fertilization of algal blooms.

In Lost Secret of the Rainforest (aka EcoQuest II, though this does not appear in the game's title), the second installment in the series, Adam, now slightly older and able to speak with animals as a matter of course, explores the tropical rainforest in search of a cure of a disease afflicting the local Indigenous peoples of South America, and a way to save the rainforest from destruction. One of the game's innovations was the "Ecorder" display: a tricorder-like device Adam uses to learn about things he finds during his journey. According to "Pelit", the game is somewhat harder than its predecessor and places more emphasis on the dangers of selfishness and greed, as opposed to the blight of man.




</doc>
<doc id="2090335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2090335" title="FIFA 97">
FIFA 97

FIFA 97 (also known as FIFA Soccer 97) is a video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts based on the game of football (soccer). It was released for the PC on June 24, 1996 and versions for PlayStation, SNES, Mega Drive and Sega Saturn followed.

"FIFA 97" is the fourth game in the "FIFA" series and the second to use the Virtual Stadium engine. Unlike the first game to use the engine, "FIFA 97" features polygonal players as opposed to the 2D sprites used in "FIFA Soccer '96". The engine however received complaints for being sluggish in the PC and PlayStation versions.

David Ginola (then a Newcastle United player) was pictured on the cover of the game in the European market. He also was used for motion capture for the polygonal models in the game. Bebeto (the Brazilian striker) was featured on the cover for the Americas and Asia-Pacific markets.

The main new feature of the game other than the motion capture was the indoor football mode. There are six ways to play the game, including outdoor and indoor, as well as action and simulation modes. 32-bit AI is used, as well as motion blending technology. It is possible to play six-a-side football in an indoor arena with the ball bouncing off the walls meaning there are no throw-ins and therefore a much higher paced game. Leagues available in the game include the English, French, Italian, German, Dutch, Scottish leagues and the Malaysian M-league and other sides, as well as the American A-League clubs with fictional teams, composed of the game's creators such as Bruce McMillan and Penny Lee. Commentary is provided by John Motson and Andy Gray while the presenter is Des Lynam. Multiplayer games are also possible with up to 20-players via LAN and 8-players using modem. The game trailer's tagline was "FIFA 97, it will blow you away."

Most European domestic leagues are featured in the game, including the English Premier League, but only teams from each nation's highest division are playable. The English clubs featured in the game are those who played in the 1995-96 Premier League.

It is also possible to field custom teams made up of players from various real teams. However, these teams can only be played with in friendly matches.
The game's commentary included the names of the majority of players on the game, and the names of the teams were also said by John Motson. To keep the commentary from sounding too robotic, EA Sports recorded Motson saying each phrase four different times, each time in a different tone. Several errors plagued the game's commentary, such as John Millar of Heart of Midlothian being referred to as Joe Miller, who in fact plays for Aberdeen on the game. Also, at times when a goal kick was awarded, the commentator would say that the kick had been given to the opposing team. Another similar error was that a kick-off would be referred to as a cross, as well as a goal in the first minute being described as a goal "that would win it surely". On rare occasions, when the game was being introduced by Des Lynam, the name of a player involved in the game would be said by John Motson, instead of Lynam saying the names of both teams. For example, a match between Partick Thistle F.C. and Kilmarnock F.C. would sometimes be introduced by Lynam saying "Welcome to the big match between-", and Motson's voice interjecting with "MacPherson."

The pronunciation of certain players' names would change depending upon whether they were performing attacking or defensive duties, such as Roy Aitken being referred to as "Akin" if he made a tackle or clearance. Similarly, Alessandro Del Piero, who was called "Del Piero Togon" on the game, was referred to as "Del Piero Tognon", followed by a small hiccuping noise when he performed a tackle.

"FIFA 97"s computer version received a "Gold" sales award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), indicating sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland.

The PlayStation version received a wide range of reviews. "GamePro" gave it a rave review, particularly applauding the motion captured animations, crowd noises, and "detailed, side-busting commentary". GameSpot's Stephen Poole disagreed on the commentary, noting that it is on occasion blatantly inaccurate. However, he opined that the slower pace of the gameplay is more realistic. Additionally praising the new indoor soccer feature, motion capture animation, and sharply rendered players, he concluded the game "does not disappoint." A reviewer for "Next Generation", however, insisted that "The simple, sad fact is "FIFA '97" is the most disappointing EA Sports game in years." He argued that the slow pace, rather than being realistic, is simply boring. He acknowledged that the visuals are good and the features are comprehensive, but found the slow pace, frame rate, control, and unrealistic ball physics make "FIFA '97" a poor offering. The two sports reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" took a middle ground, complimenting the graphics, stats, and realism, but agreeing with "Next Generation" that the play suffers from the slow pace and controls. They rated it overall decent, but not a contender against the leading soccer games.

Both Play Magazine in Issue 15 and Official UK PlayStation Magazine in Issue 15 rated the PlayStation version of the game similarly with a score of 70% and 7/10 respectively. Play when comparing it with FIFA 96 commented that it was "Graphically better, but plays worse".

Reviews for the Saturn port were more uniformly middling. Critics often compared it unfavorably to "Sega Worldwide Soccer 97". "GamePro" also noted that the graphics and audio are inferior to those of the PlayStation version. "Saturn Power" mentioned numerous aggravations with the controls and configurations, and summarized it as "Almost perversely entertaining for a game as flawed as it is." "Sega Saturn Magazine"s Rich Leadbetter found the AI too heavily flawed to provide an accurate simulation of soccer. Like Price, he deemed the game enjoyable despite its flaws, but concluded "Sega Worldwide Soccer '97" to be indisputably a wiser purchase.

The Genesis and Super NES versions were reviewed in "GamePro" by two different critics. Both concluded that the game is a must-have for newcomers to the series, but that "FIFA" fans would likely find the game redundant due to the minimal change from previous installments.

"GamePro" also ran a brief review of the Game Boy version, praising it for managing easy-to-follow graphics despite the small screen. They added, "The gameplay isn't exactly speedy - the sprites lope downfield at a sluggish pace - but it's fun working your way through a lengthy tournament to the championship.


</doc>
<doc id="2090337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2090337" title="FIFA: Road to World Cup 98">
FIFA: Road to World Cup 98

FIFA: Road to World Cup 98 (commonly abbreviated to FIFA 98) is an association football video game developed by EA Canada and released by Electronic Arts in 1997. It was the fifth game in the "FIFA" series and the second to be in 3D on the 32-bit machines. A number of different players were featured on the cover, including David Beckham in the UK, Roy Lassiter in the United States, Mexico, and Brazil, David Ginola in France, Raúl in Spain, Paolo Maldini in Italy and Andreas Möller in Germany. "FIFA 98" was the last "FIFA" game released for the Sega Genesis or Sega Saturn.

The game includes an official soundtrack and had a refined graphics engine, team and player customisation options, 16 stadiums, improved artificial intelligence and the popular Road to World Cup mode, with all 172 FIFA-registered national teams. No subsequent edition of the FIFA series had attempted to replicate "FIFA 98"s inclusion of every FIFA national team, up until "2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa" which included all 199 FIFA nations that took part in qualifying. With the new graphical improvements, players were able to have individual faces.

"FIFA 98" even features many accurate team rosters, including national reserves for national call-up when playing in the round-robin qualification modes. In addition, eleven leagues were featured, containing 189 clubs. The game also featured a popular five-a-side indoor mode and was the first FIFA game to contain an in-game player/team editor. 

For the first time in a FIFA game, the offside rule is properly implemented. In previous games, when a player was in an offside position doing anything except running, that player was penalised for offside even when the ball was passed backwards. The 32-bit and 64-bit versions of "FIFA 98" correct this so that the game would only award a free kick for offside if the ball was passed roughly to where the player in the offside position was.

The theme music for the game was Blur's "Song 2". Four songs from The Crystal Method were also included in the game – "More", "Now Is the Time", "Keep Hope Alive" and "Busy Child" – as well as a song by Electric Skychurch entitled "Hugga Bear". Des Lynam was retained for the game introduction and John Motson and Andy Gray remained as match commentators.

There were 16 stadiums in the game, representing 16 countries from all six FIFA confederations.

The game was built on the "FIFA '97" engine. David Ginola served as the game's motion capture actor.

Upon its release, the game was a bestseller in the UK for 2 months. At the 1999 Milia festival in Cannes, it took home a "Gold" prize for revenues above €37 million in the European Union during the previous year. "Play" magazine in issue 29 awarded the PlayStation version of the game 88%.

During the game's 20th anniversary in 2017, Luke Plunkett of Kotaku wrote an essay arguing that "FIFA 98" should be considered as the best sports video game of all time, focusing on its then-unprecedented depth and breadth of content, which Plunkett contended is the main differentiating factor between titles within the highly incremental sports video gaming industry. Examples cited were its inclusion of all FIFA national teams of the time, customization options for rosters and kits, multiple game modes, and groundbreaking soundtrack including licensed rather than original music.

"Next Generation" reviewed the Nintendo 64 version of the game, rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "The game still doesn't have the fluidity of "ISS 64", but the real players and variety of options make "FIFA RTTWC 64" a game that soccer fans all over the world should enjoy."


</doc>
<doc id="2090345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2090345" title="FIFA 2000">
FIFA 2000

FIFA 2000 (titled FIFA 2000: Major League Soccer in North America, and FIFA 2000: Europa League Soccer in Japan) is an association football video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It was the seventh game in the main "FIFA" series. The game was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation. A version was also released for the Game Boy Color, developed by Tiertex Design Studios and published by THQ.

Among the innovations for this edition of the series was the ability to play over consecutive seasons, giving the possibility of competing for promotion or relegation and qualification for European Cup competition. The US Major League Soccer was officially licensed for the first time, and was used as a subtitle for the North American release.

Commentary in the UK English release is provided by BBC television commentators John Motson, Mark Lawrenson and Chris Waddle. The commentary was recorded in a London studio, however for the first time in the series Motson visited the games developers in Vancouver, Canada to provide insights into the intricacies of the real-life game. The US English release features commentary from Phil Schoen and Julie Foudy. Localised commentary exists for the German, Spanish, French, Italian, Hebrew, Japanese, Greek and Brazilian Portuguese releases.

The game's theme music was Robbie Williams' "It's Only Us". As part of the agreement to licence the track EA Sports included Port Vale, the club Robbie Williams supports, in the game, despite only being in the third tier of the English football league system, which wasn't included as part of this game.

The game was met with positive reception, with the exception of the Game Boy Color version, which currently has a score of 47% on GameRankings; the site also gave the PlayStation version 87%, and the PC version 85%.

"PlayStation Max" awarded a gold rating to the game, praising the game's looks, sound and longevity, although they did criticise the ease with which it was possible to score goals. "Official UK PlayStation Magazine" went further with their criticism of the gameplay, believing the passing to be "too precise" and it being unrealistically easy to beat defenders. They did praise the level of detail in the game's graphics and the commentary and awarded the game a score of 7/10.

"FIFA 2000"s PlayStation version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.



</doc>
<doc id="2090409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2090409" title="FIFA 99">
FIFA 99

FIFA 99 is an association football video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts. It is the fifth game in the "FIFA" game series and was released on November 30, 1998 for Windows, PlayStation, and Nintendo 64.

While the indoor mode was no longer featured, the gameplay's fluidity and responsiveness was increased. The increasing number of websites dedicated to the game and a larger number of leagues (the Malaysian league was removed, and on its stead came two new leagues: the Belgian First Division and the Portuguese Primeira Liga; this came to be a problem when the owners of the rights to the Primeira Liga tried to pull the game from the shelves locally). Graphically, it is a major improvement over "FIFA '98", with the inclusion of basic facial animations and different players' heights as well as certain other cosmetic features such as improved kits and emblems, although they are unlicensed. Gamers may also create their own custom cups and leagues and select the teams they wish to participate.

"FIFA 99" also features an elite league called the "European Dream League" in which 20 top teams from across Europe battle it out in a league format. It was also the first game to feature a block containing teams which did not pertain to any of the main leagues (back then, it was known as "Rest of Europe" since all teams were European, the vast majority of them featured either in the 1998–99 season of the Cup Winners' Cup, UEFA Cup or Champions League).

The game was a bestseller in the UK, replacing "Tomb Raider III". In February 1999, "FIFA 99"s PlayStation version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), indicating sales of at least 200,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Its computer version took "Gold", for 100,000 sales, at the same time. At the 1999 Milia festival in Cannes, it took home a "Gold" prize for revenues above €50 million in the European Union during 1998.


</doc>
<doc id="2092949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2092949" title="Oasis (video game)">
Oasis (video game)

Oasis is a turn-based strategy video game developed by American studio Mind Control Software and published for Microsoft Windows by PlayFirst in April 2005. Konami released a mobile phone port in 2006 and Electrified Games released an iPad version, renamed as Defense of the Oasis, in 2010. "Oasis" is a casual game set in ancient Egypt that combines "Civilization"-style strategy and puzzle gameplay. "Oasis" "has been described as "Civilization" meets "Minesweeper"".

Each level of "Oasis" consists of a single screen with a 10x10 grid of randomly generated terrain. Initially the map is covered with fog of war, but the player may remove the fog from tiles by clicking on them. Each click reveals a single tile and takes a turn, 85 turns are available for each level. The eponymous oasis covers several squares of each level and lying in a random oasis tile is the obelisk which contains the level's glyph of power. The primary goal is to find the glyph and protect it from barbarians who attack after the 85th turn from tiles marked by blue cairns. To stop the barbarians from destroying the glyph the player must find cities and use them to mount a defense. If the player finds and defends 12 glyphs he or she wins the game.

Layered on top of the basic gameplay are eight scenarios. Each scenario presents a narrative about a different land and the story of a different leader rising to power. In the first scenario players assume the role of an Egyptian noble, the son of the murdered Falcon King, who wishes to rebuild the nation and disperse the fog that has plunged the nation into chaos since his father's murder. Each scenario has its own theme, and each level within a scenario is distinguished by a mix of special gameplay elements related to the theme, such as barbarian strongholds, jungles, islands, plagues, and others.

Most tiles give the player a number of followers when revealed. Followers are a resource; the player may spend them to build roads or he may send them to work in the mines. Both activities also cost a turn. Cities connected by roads gradually grow whereas followers working in mines research combat technology. Both benefits accrue over time, which encourages early investments in mines and roads. Turns can also be spent searching cities which reveals either treasures or advisors. Most treasures provide an attack bonus to the population in that city. When found, advisors pledge to join the player if enough cities survive the barbarian attack. Advisors grant bonuses to the player and substantially alter playing strategy.

With 100 tiles and just 85 turns the player cannot hope to uncover every tile. He or she knows however that the map is not entirely random. Certain features are present on every or nearly every map: the oasis, cairns, cities, the nomad camp, and mountains. There are clues to finding each feature: the oasis and cairns always appear on the edge, cities are surrounded on all eight sides by crop tiles, the nomad camp appears in the largest block of desert, mountains can be seen from 1 square away and mountain ranges are either 'U' shaped, 'S' shaped, or stretch vertically across the map. As an additional clue to finding cities, the number of cities touching a crop tile is the number of followers gained when the tile is uncovered. This sometimes results in being able to find cities in fewer clicks by solving a small Minesweeper-like puzzle.

The central tension of the game comes from making trade offs. The player always has more avenues to improve his/her position than he/she has time and resources to pursue them, especially when it comes to spending limited turns and followers. For example, spending turns on exploration provides followers and strategic information, but it delays roads and technology which benefit from early investments. Connecting a far away city could result in net population growth, but it may take valuable time away from searching for a crucial treasure or cairn. Searching the oasis costs turns and gives no immediate value, but it boosts your score and leads to bonus levels which often result in a free glyph and advisor.

"Oasis" took eight full-time developers two years and five months to make. The game design was based around a "No bad click" philosophy. As one of the game's designers puts it: "A level consists of 85 carrots and one big stick. The player takes 85 turns discovering and rebuilding his or her empire, where every turn creates some kind of goodness."

"Oasis" received largely positive reviews from the gaming press, received awards from the independent gaming community and has been ported to mobile phone by Konami. In July 2010, Electrified Games released an iPad version of "Oasis" renamed as "Defense of the Oasis" to avoid confusion with the English rock band Oasis.

Reviewers agreed that the game is easy to pick up and play whilst containing depth of gameplay. Female gamer website Grrl Gamer described the game as "one part puzzle and one part strategy", Game Tunnel stated ""Oasis" packs a very powerful punch of both strategy and entertainment". Game Daily's reviewer disagreed, describing "Oasis" as "the perfect game for those times when you need to do something mindless and silly" and that there is no need to plan moves before taking them.

Website Game Tunnel's founder Russell Carroll rated the game 10 out of 10 overall, summing-up the review by stating "The game is flawlessly designed to create a wonderful experience in strategy/world-building that even those who don't really get into the genre can enjoy" and ""Oasis" is one of the best gaming experiences I've had this year". In "Computer Games Magazine", Steve Bauman called the game "simple, but hardly simplistic". Although he noted its "over-reliance on luck", he nonetheless found that it "offers up surprisingly deep and interesting strategy", and argued that "there's some serious fun to be had with "Oasis"".

"Oasis" received Game Tunnel's 2005 "Game of the Year" and "Strategy Game of the Year" awards. The game also won the Independent Games Festival's 2004 "Seumas McNally Grand Prize" and "Innovation in Game Design" awards in the web/downloadable category.


</doc>
<doc id="2093352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2093352" title="International Superstar Soccer 3">
International Superstar Soccer 3

International Superstar Soccer 3 (officially abbreviated as "ISS3") is a football video game in the International Superstar Soccer series developed by the KCEO division of Konami. It is the final installment of the "International Superstar Soccer" series.


</doc>
<doc id="2093520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2093520" title="Resident Evil 5">
Resident Evil 5

Resident Evil 5 is a third-person shooter video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the seventh major installment in the "Resident Evil" series, and was announced in 2005—the same year its predecessor "Resident Evil 4" was released. "Resident Evil 5" was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles in March 2009 and for Microsoft Windows in September that year. The plot involves an investigation of a terrorist threat by Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance agents Chris Redfield and Sheva Alomar in Kijuju, a fictional region of Africa. Chris learns that he must confront his past in the form of an old enemy, Albert Wesker, and his former partner, Jill Valentine.

The gameplay of "Resident Evil 5" is similar to that of the previous installment, though it is the first in the series designed for two-player cooperative gameplay. It has also been considered to be the first game in the main series to depart from the survival horror genre, with critics saying it bore more resemblance to an action game. Motion capture was used for the cutscenes, and it was the first video game to use a virtual camera system. Several staff members from the original "Resident Evil" worked on "Resident Evil 5".

"Resident Evil 5" received a positive reception, despite some criticism for its control scheme. The game received some complaints of racism, though an investigation by the British Board of Film Classification found the complaints were unsubstantiated. "Resident Evil 5" was re-released for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in June 2016. As of November 2019, the original release has sold over 7.5 million units. A special edition of the game and releases on other platforms sold an additional 3.8 million units, bringing the total sales to 11.3 million. It is the best-selling game of the "Resident Evil" franchise, and the original version remained the best-selling individual Capcom release until March 2018, when it was outsold by "". A sequel, "Resident Evil 6", was released in 2012.

In 2009, five years after the events of "Resident Evil 4", Chris Redfield, a member of the fictional Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance (BSAA), is dispatched to Kijuju in Africa. He and his new partner Sheva Alomar are tasked with apprehending Ricardo Irving before he can sell a bio-organic weapon (BOW) on the black market. When they arrive, they discover that the locals have been infected by the parasites Las Plagas (those infected are called "Majini") and the BSAA Alpha Team have been killed. Chris and Sheva are rescued by BSAA's Delta Team, which includes Sheva's mentor Josh Stone. In Stone's data Chris sees a photograph of Jill Valentine, his old partner, who has been presumed dead after a confrontation with Albert Wesker. Chris, Sheva and Delta Team close in on Irving, but he escapes with the aid of a hooded figure. Irving leaves documents that lead Chris and Sheva to marshy oilfields. This is where Irving's deal is to occur, but they discover that the documents are a diversion. When Chris and Sheva try to regroup with Delta Team, they find the team slaughtered by a BOW; Sheva cannot find Stone among the dead. Determined to learn if Valentine is still alive, Chris does not report to headquarters.

Continuing through the marsh, they find Stone injured but safe and track down Irving's boat with his help. Irving injects himself with a variant of the Las Plagas parasite and mutates into a huge octopus-like beast. Chris and Sheva defeat him, and his dying words lead them to a nearby cave to learn more. The cave is the source of a flower used to create viruses previously used by the Umbrella Corporation, as well as a new strain named Uroboros. Chris and Sheva find evidence that Tricell, the company funding the BSAA, took over a former Umbrella underground laboratory and continued Umbrella's research. In the facility, they discover thousands of capsules holding human test subjects. Although Chris finds that one of the capsules is Valentine's, it is empty. When they leave, they discover that Tricell CEO Excella Gionne has been plotting with Wesker to launch missiles with the Uroboros virus across the globe; it is eventually revealed that Wesker hopes to take a chosen few from the chaos of infection and rule them, creating a new breed of humanity. Chris and Sheva pursue Gionne but are stopped by Wesker and the hooded figure, who is revealed to be a mind-controlled Valentine. Gionne and Wesker escape to a Tricell oil tanker; Chris and Sheva fight Valentine, subduing her and removing the mind-control device before she orders Chris to follow Wesker.

Chris and Sheva board the tanker and encounter Gionne, who escapes after dropping a case of syringes; Sheva keeps several. When Chris and Sheva reach the main deck, Wesker announces over the ship's intercom that he has betrayed Gionne and infected her with Uroboros. She mutates into a giant monster, which Chris and Sheva defeat. Valentine radios in, telling Chris and Sheva that Wesker must take precise, regular doses of a virus to maintain his strength and speed; a larger or smaller dose would poison him. Sheva realizes that Gionne's syringes are doses of the drug. Chris and Sheva follow Wesker to a bomber loaded with missiles containing the Uroboros virus, injecting him with the syringes Gionne dropped. Wesker tries to escape on the bomber; Chris and Sheva disable it, making him crash-land in a volcano. Furious‚ Wesker exposes himself to Uroboros and chases Chris and Sheva through the volcano. They fight him, and the weakened Wesker falls into the lava before Chris and Sheva are rescued by a helicopter, which is piloted by Valentine and Stone. As a dying Wesker attempts to drag the helicopter into the volcano, Chris and Sheva fire rocket-propelled grenades at Wesker, killing him. In the game's final cutscene, Chris wonders if the world is worth fighting for. Looking at Sheva and Valentine, he decides to live in a world without fear.

"Resident Evil 5" is a third-person shooter with an over-the-shoulder perspective. Players can use several weapons including handguns, shotguns, automatic rifles, sniper rifles, and grenade launchers, as well as melee attacks. Players can make quick 180-degree turns to evade enemies. The game involves boss battles, many of which contain quick time events.

As in its predecessor "Resident Evil 4", players can upgrade weapons with money and treasure collected in-game and heal themselves with herbs, but cannot run and shoot at the same time. New features include infected enemies with guns and grenades, the ability to upgrade weapons at any time from the inventory screen without having to find a merchant, and the equipping of weapons and items in real-time during gameplay. Each player can store nine items. Unlike the previous games, the item size is irrelevant; a herb or a grenade launcher each occupy one space, and four items may be assigned to the D-pad. The game features puzzles, though fewer than previous titles.

"Resident Evil 5" is the first game in the "Resident Evil" series designed for two-player cooperative gameplay. The player controls Chris, a former member of the fictional Special Tactics and Rescue Service (STARS) and member of the BSAA, and a second player can control Sheva, who is introduced in this game. If a person plays alone, Sheva is controlled by the game's artificial intelligence (AI). When the game has been completed once, there is an option to make Sheva the primary character. Two-player mode is available online or split screen with a second player using the same console. A second player joining a split screen game in progress will make the game reload the last checkpoint (the point at which the game was last saved); the second player joining an online game will have to wait until the first player reaches the next checkpoint, or restarts the previous one, to play. In split-screen mode, one player's viewpoint is presented in the top half of the screen, and the other in the bottom half, but each viewpoint is presented in widescreen format, rather than using the full width of the screen, resulting in unused space to the left and right of the two windows. If one player has critical health, only their partner can resuscitate them, and they will die if their partner cannot reach them. At certain points, players are deliberately separated. Players can trade items during gameplay, although weapons cannot be traded with online players. The game's storyline is linear, and interaction with other characters is mostly limited to cutscenes.

A version of the "Mercenaries" minigame, which debuted in "", is included in "Resident Evil 5". This minigame places the player in an enclosed environment with a time limit. Customized weapons cannot be used and players must search for weapons, ammunition, and time bonuses while fighting a barrage of enemies, to score as many points as possible within the time limit. The minigame multiplayer mode was initially offline only; a release-day patch needed to be downloaded to access the online multiplayer modes. "Mercenaries" is unlocked when the game's story mode has been completed.

"Resident Evil 5" was developed by Capcom and produced by Jun Takeuchi, who directed "" and produced "". Keiji Inafune, promotional producer for "Resident Evil 2" and executive producer of the PlayStation 2 version of "Resident Evil 4", supervised the project. Production began in 2005 and at its peak, over 100 people were working on the project. In February 2007, some members of Capcom's Clover Studio began working on "Resident Evil 5" while others were working on "", which debuted for the Wii. Yasuhiro Anpo, who worked as a programmer on the original "Resident Evil", directed "Resident Evil 5". He was one of several staff members who worked on the original game to be involved in "Resident Evil 5" development. The game's scenario was written by Haruo Murata and Yoshiaki Hirabayashi, based on a story idea by concept director Kenichi Ueda. Takeuchi announced that the game would retain the gameplay model introduced in "Resident Evil 4", with "thematic tastes" from both "Resident Evil 4" and the original "Resident Evil".

While previous "Resident Evil" games are mainly set at night, the events of "Resident Evil 5" occur almost entirely during the day. The decision for this was a combination of the game being set in Africa and advances in hardware improvements which allowed increasingly detailed graphics. On the subject of changes to Valentine and Chris's appearance, production director Yasuhiro Anpo explained that designers tried "to preserve their image and imagined how they would have changed over the passage of time". Their new designs retained the character's signature colors; green for Chris and blue for Valentine. Sheva was redesigned several times during production, though all versions tried to emphasize a combination of "feminine attraction and the strength of a fighting woman". The Majini were designed to be more violent than the "Ganado" enemies in "Resident Evil 4".

The decision for cooperative gameplay was made part-way through development, for a new experience in a "Resident Evil" game. Despite initial concern that a second player would dampen the game's tension and horror, it was later realized that this could actually increase such factors where one player had to be rescued. The decision to retain wide-screen proportions in two-player mode was made to avoid having the first player's screen directly on top of the second, which might be distracting, and the restriction on simultaneously moving and shooting was retained to increase player tension by not allowing them to maneuver freely. Takeuchi cited the film "Black Hawk Down" as an influence on the setting of "Resident Evil 5" and his experience working on "Lost Planet: Extreme Condition" as an influence on its development. When questioned as to why the game was not being released on the Wii, which was the most popular gaming console at the time, Takeuchi responded that although that may have been a good decision "from a business perspective", the Wii was not the best choice in terms of power and visual quality, concluding that he was happy with the console choices they had made.

"Resident Evil 5" runs on version 1.4 of Capcom's MT Framework engine and scenes were recorded by motion capture. It was the first video game to use a virtual camera system, which allowed the developers to see character movements in real time as the motion-capture actors recorded. Actors Reuben Langdon, Karen Dyer and Ken Lally portrayed Chris Redfield, Sheva Alomar and Albert Wesker respectively. Dyer also voiced Sheva, while Chris's voice was performed by Roger Craig Smith. Dyer's background training in circus skills helped her win the role of Sheva, as Capcom were searching for someone who could handle the physical skills her motion capture required. She performed her own stunts, and worked in production on the game for over a year, sometimes working 14 hours a day. All of the human character motions were based on motion capture, while the non-human characters in the game were animated by hand.

Kota Suzuki was the game's principal composer and additional music was contributed by Hideki Okugawa, Akihiko Narita and Seiko Kobuchi. The electronic score includes 15 minutes of orchestral music, recorded at the Newman Scoring Stage of 20th Century Fox Studios in Los Angeles with the 103-piece Hollywood Studio Symphony. Other orchestral music and arrangements were by Wataru Hokoyama, who conducted the orchestra. Capcom recorded in Los Angeles because they wanted a Hollywood-style soundtrack to increase the game's cinematic value and global interest. "Resident Evil 5" soundtrack features an original theme song, titled "Pray", which was composed by Suzuki and sung by Oulimata Niang.

Capcom announced "Resident Evil 5" on July 20, 2005, and the company showed a brief trailer for the game at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in July 2007. The full E3 trailer became available on the Xbox Live Marketplace and the PlayStation Store that same month. A new trailer debuted on Spike TV's "GameTrailers TV" in May 2008, and on the GameTrailers website. A playable game demo was released in Japan on December 5, 2008, for the Xbox 360, in North America and Europe for the Xbox 360 on January 26, 2009, and on February 2 for the PlayStation 3. Worldwide downloads of the demo exceeded four million for the two consoles; over 1.8 million were downloaded between January 26 and January 29.

In January 2009, "D+PAD Magazine" reported that "Resident Evil 5" would be released with limited-edition Xbox 360 box art; pictures of the limited-edition box claimed that it would allow two to sixteen players to play offline via System Link. Although Capcom said that their "box art isn't lying", the company did not provide details. Capcom soon issued another statement that the box-art information was incorrect, and System Link could support only two players. Microsoft released a limited-edition, red Xbox 360 Elite console which was sold with the game. The package included an exclusive "Resident Evil" theme for the Xbox 360 Dashboard and a voucher for "Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix" from Xbox Live.

"Resident Evil 5" was released for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in March 2009, alongside a dedicated Game Space on PlayStation Home. The space, "Resident Evil 5 "Studio Lot"" ("Biohazard 5 "Film Studio"" in Japan), had as its theme the in-game location of Kijuju. Its lounge offered "Resident Evil 5"-related items for sale, events and full game-launching support. Some areas of the space were available only to owners of "Resident Evil 5". A Microsoft Windows version was released in September 2009. This version, using Nvidia's 3D Vision technology through DirectX 10, includes more costumes and a new mode in the Mercenaries minigame. "Resident Evil 5" was re-released on Shield Android TV in May 2016, and was re-released on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One the following month, with a physical disc copy following in America that July. It was also released for Nintendo Switch on October 29, 2019.

Shortly before the release of "Resident Evil 5", Capcom announced that a competitive multiplayer mode called Versus would be available for download in several weeks. Versus became available for download in Europe and North America on April 7, 2009, through the Xbox Live Marketplace and the PlayStation Store. Versus has two online game types: "Slayers", a point-based game challenging players to kill Majini, and "Survivors", where players hunt each other while dodging and attacking Majini. Both modes can be played by two-player teams. The Microsoft Windows version of "Resident Evil 5" originally did not support downloadable content (DLC).

During Sony's press conference at the 2009 Tokyo Game Show Capcom announced that a special edition of the game, "Biohazard 5: Alternative Edition", would be released in Japan for the PlayStation 3 in the spring of 2010. This edition supports the PlayStation Move accessory and includes a new scenario, "Lost in Nightmares", where Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine infiltrate one of Umbrella Corporation co-founder Oswell E. Spencer's estates in 2006. Another special edition of the game, "Resident Evil 5: Gold Edition", was released for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in North America and Europe. "Gold Edition" includes "Lost in Nightmares" and another campaign-expansion episode, "Desperate Escape", where players control Josh Stone and Jill Valentine as they assist Chris and Sheva. The edition also includes the previously released Versus mode, four new costumes and an alternate Mercenaries mode with eight new playable characters, new items and maps. Like "Alternative Edition", "Gold Edition" supports the PlayStation Move accessory with a patch released on September 14, 2010. The Xbox 360 version of "Gold Edition" came in a DVD with a token allowing free download of all DLC, while the PlayStation 3 version had all of the new content on a single Blu-ray disc. On November 5, 2012, "Resident Evil 5: Gold Edition" was placed on the PlayStation Network as a free download for PlayStation Plus users during that month.

As part of the game's conversion to Steamworks, "Gold Edition" was released for Microsoft Windows on March 26, 2015. Owners of the game from Steam or as a boxed retail Games for Windows – Live can acquire a free Steamworks copy of the base game and purchase the new "Gold Edition" content. The Steamworks version did not allow the use of Nvidia's 3D Vision technology or fan modifications, though Capcom later confirmed a way to work around these issues.

" Resident Evil 5" received generally favourable reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic. Reviewers praised the game's visuals and content. Corey Cohen of "Official Xbox Magazine" complimented the game's fast pace, and called the graphics gorgeous. It was praised by Joe Juba and Mark Miller of "Game Informer", who said that it had the best graphics of any game to date and that the music and voice acting helped bring the characters to life, and Brian Crecente of "Kotaku" said it was one of the most visually stunning games he had ever played. Adam Sessler of "X-Play" said the game's graphics were exceptional, and "Edge" praised the gameplay as exhilarating and frantic. For IGN, Ryan Geddes wrote that the game had a surprisingly high replay value, and "GameZone" Louis Bedigian said the game was "worth playing through twice in one weekend".

While still giving favorable reviews of the game, several reviewers considered it to be a departure from the survival horror genre, a decision they lamented. Chris Hudak of Game Revolution considered the game to be a "full-on action blockbuster", and Brian Crecente said that about halfway through the game it "dropp[ed] all pretense of being a survival horror title and unmask[ed] itself as an action shooter title". Kristan Reed of Eurogamer said the game "morphs what was a survival horror adventure into a survival horror shooter", and believed that this attempt to appeal to action gamers would upset some of the series' fans.

Aspects of the game's control scheme were viewed negatively by critics. James Mielke of 1UP.com criticized several inconsistencies in the game, such as only being able to take cover from enemy fire in very specific areas. Mielke also criticized its controls, saying that aiming was too slow and noting the inability to strafe away from (or quickly jump back from) enemies. Despite the problems he found it was "still a very fun game". Kristan Reed also had criticism of some controls, such as the speed at which 180-degree turns were performed and difficulty accessing inventory. Joe Juba said that the inability to move and shoot at the same time seemed more "like a cheap and artificial way to increase difficulty than a technique to enhance tension." While praising some aspects of the AI control of Sheva, Ryan Geddes thought that it also had its annoyances, such as its tendency to recklessly expend ammunition and health supplies.

Reception of the downloadable content was favorable. Steven Hopper of "GameZone" rated the "Lost in Nightmares" DLC eight out of ten, saying that despite the episode's brevity it had high replay value and the addition of new multiplayer elements made it a "worthy investment for fans of the original game." Samuel Claiborn of IGN rated the "Desperate Escape" DLC seven out of ten: "Despite Desperate Escape's well-crafted action sequences, I actually found myself missing the unique vibe of Lost in Nightmares. The dynamic between Jill and Josh isn't particularly thrilling, and the one-liners, banter and endearing kitsch are kept to a minimum."

"Resident Evil 5"s 2007 E3 trailer was criticized for depicting a white protagonist killing black enemies in a small African village. According to "Newsweek" editor N'Gai Croal, "There was a lot of imagery in that trailer that dovetailed with classic racist imagery", although he acknowledged that only the preview had been released. Takeuchi said the game's producers were completely surprised by the complaints. The second trailer for the game, released on May 31, 2008, revealed a more racially diverse group of enemies and the African BSAA agent Sheva, who assists the protagonist. Critics felt that Sheva's character was added to address the issue of racism, though Karen Dyer said the character had been in development before the first trailer was released. Takeuchi denied that complaints about racism had any effect in altering the design of "Resident Evil 5". He acknowledged that different cultures may have had differing opinions about the trailer, though said he did not expect there to be further complaints once the game was released and people were "able to play the game and see what it is for themselves". In a "Computer and Video Games" interview, producer Masachika Kawata also addressed the issue: "We can't please everyone. We're in the entertainment business—we're not here to state our political opinion or anything like that. It's unfortunate that some people felt that way."

In "Eurogamer" February 2009 preview of "Resident Evil 5", Dan Whitehead expressed concern about controversy the game might generate: "It plays so blatantly into the old clichés of the dangerous 'dark continent' and the primitive lust of its inhabitants that you'd swear the game was written in the 1920s". Whitehead said that these issues became more "outrageous and outdated" as the game progressed and that the addition of the "light-skinned" Sheva just made the overall issue worse. Hilary Goldstein from IGN believed that the game was not deliberately racist, and though he did not personally find it offensive, he felt that others would due to the subjective nature of offensiveness. Chris Hudak dismissed any allegations of racism as "stupid". Karen Dyer, who is of Jamaican descent, also dismissed the claims. She said that in over a year of working on the game's development she never encountered anything racially insensitive, and would not have continued working there if she had.

Wesley Yin-Poole of "VideoGamer.com" said that despite the controversy the game was attracting due to alleged racism, no expert opinion had been sought. He asked Glenn Bowman, senior lecturer in social anthropology at the University of Kent, whether he thought the game was racist. Bowman considered the racism accusations "silly", saying that the game had an anti-colonial theme and those complaining about the game's racism might be expressing an "inverted racism which says that you can't have scary people who are black". It was reported that one cutscene in the game scene showed "black men" dragging off a screaming white woman; according to Yin-Poole, the allegation was incorrect and the single man dragging the woman was "not obviously black". The scene was submitted to the British Board of Film Classification for evaluation. BBFC head of communications Sue Clark said, "There is only one man pulling the blonde woman in from the balcony [and he] is not black either. As the whole game is set in Africa it is hardly surprising that some of the characters are black ... we do take racism very seriously, but in this case, there is no issue around racism."

Academic journals and conferences, however, have continued to comment on the theme of race within the game. In 2011, André Brock from "Games and Culture" said that the game drew from well-established racial and gender stereotypes, saying that the African people were only depicted as savage, even before transitioning into zombies. Writing for the Digital Games Research Association in 2011, Geyser and Tshabalala noted that racial stereotyping had never been intended by Capcom, though compared their depiction of Africa to that of the 1899 novel "Heart of Darkness". Post-colonial Africa, they opined, was portrayed as being unable to take care of itself, and at the mercy of Western influences.

Writing for "The Philosophy of Computer Games Conference" in 2015, Harrer and Pichlmair considered "Resident Evil 5" to be "yet another moment in the history of commodity racism, which from the late 19th century onwards allowed popular depictions of racial stereotypes to enter the most intimate spaces of European homes". The authors state that Africa is presented from a Western gaze; "what is presented as 'authentic' blackness conforms to the projected fantasy of predominantly white gaming audience". In 2016, Paul Martin from "Games and Culture" said that the theme of the game could be described as "dark continent", stating that it drew on imagery of European colonialism and depictions of "Blackness" reminiscent of 19th-century European theories on race.

The PlayStation 3 version of "Resident Evil 5" was the top-selling game in Japan in the two weeks following its release, with 319,590 copies sold. In March 2009, it became the fastest-selling game of the franchise in the United Kingdom, and the biggest Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 game release in the country. By March 2019, "Resident Evil 5" had sold 7.5 million copies worldwide between PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and download, and the "Gold Edition" had sold an additional 2.3 million copies across those systems. The PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions sold another 1.5 million copies combined, bringing the total sales to 11.3 million units.

The original release of "Resident Evil 5" was Capcom's best-selling individual edition of a game until March 2018, when ""s sales reached 7.5 million units, compared to 7.3 million for "Resident Evil 5" at the time. As of March 2019, when taking into consideration the sales of all versions and re-releases of titles, "Resident Evil 5" was the third-best-selling Capcom game overall, behind "Monster Hunter: World" (12.4 million) and "Street Fighter II" (14.05 million). The game remains the best-selling title in the "Resident Evil" franchise, outselling its closest rivals "Resident Evil 6" and "Resident Evil 4" by more than 2 million and 3.5 million units, respectively, as of April 2018.

"Resident Evil 5" won the "Award of Excellence" at the 2009 Japan Game Awards. It was nominated for both Best Action/Adventure Game and Best Console Game at the 2008 Game Critics Awards, Best Action Game at the 2009 IGN Game of the Year Awards, and Best Sound Editing in Computer Entertainment at the 2010 Golden Reel Awards. It received five nominations at the 2010 Game Audio Network Guild Awards: Audio of the Year, Best Cinematic/Cut-Scene Audio, Best Dialogue, Best Original Vocal Song – Pop (for the theme song "Pray") and Best Use of Multi-Channel Surround in a Game. Karen Dyer was nominated for Outstanding Achievement in Character Performance at the 2010 Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences Awards.



</doc>
<doc id="2093611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2093611" title="Madden NFL 99">
Madden NFL 99

Madden NFL 99 (sometimes shortened to Madden 99) is a football video game released for the PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Microsoft Windows. It was the first multiplatform Madden game to be fully 3D (and the second one following the N64-exclusive "Madden Football 64"). The game's commentary was done by John Madden and Pat Summerall. The American versions feature John Madden himself on the cover, while the European versions used Garrison Hearst instead. The game was the top selling PlayStation sports video game in 1998 in North America, having sold 1.1 million copies on the PlayStation.



The Denver Broncos had the best team overall in the game with a score of 92. The worst teams in the game were the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins with a score of 70. The best offense in the game belongs to the Green Bay Packers with a score of 95. The best defense in the game belongs to the San Francisco 49ers with a score of 97. The best special teams in the game belongs to the New England Patriots with a perfect score of 100.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PlayStation version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "It can be argued that this year's "Madden" was better than last year's, but the fact remains that compared to its main competitior, the gaming experience has become more mediocre. The gap that had existed between the "GameDay" series and the "Madden" series can now only be described as Grand Canyon size."

The game received "favorable" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator GameRankings.


</doc>
<doc id="2093612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2093612" title="Madden NFL 2001">
Madden NFL 2001

Madden NFL 2001 is an American football video game. It is the third in the Madden NFL series to include an NFL player, Tennessee Titans running back Eddie George, on its cover (the first being "Madden NFL '95", which featured Erik Williams and Karl Wilson along with Madden himself). In addition, it is the first game in the series to have a player, instead of John Madden featured prominently on the box art. Instead, his picture is shown on a small logo, which would reappear for every following game until Madden NFL 06. It is also the first game in the Madden NFL series to appear on the PlayStation 2 game console. This is the first Madden game to feature NFL Europe teams.

Madden NFL 2001 includes several customizable modes. Players have the ability to create a play, create a player, run a franchise, and collect Madden Cards, allowing players to perform certain actions during gameplay (for example, adding 5th downs, or limiting the CPU-controlled team to 3rd downs). The cards can also alter individual player ratings, unlock special stadiums, and unlock Hall of Fame and All-Madden teams.

Only the PC Version allowed the player to create a team via the rosters menu and the PlayStation 2 version have Madden Cards (297 total).

The best teams in the game overall were the Jacksonville Jaguars and the St. Louis Rams with a score of 95. The worst team in the game overall was the San Diego Chargers with the score of 70. The best offense in the game belongs to the St. Louis Rams with the score of 95. A 3-way tie for the best defense in the game belongs to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the Baltimore Ravens and the Jacksonville Jaguars with scores of 95. The best special teams in the game belong to the Denver Broncos with the score of 95.

The game also contains 35 Great Games that unlocks the additional teams and stadiums on PC, N64, and PS.

"Madden NFL 2001" comes with over 60 teams and over 40 stadiums. Most of the teams and stadiums are fictional like the Mummies and the Marshalls. Each fictional team has its unique type of player [for instance the mummies players would be mummies, and the marshall's players would be actual cowboys]. Fictional Stadiums are like Hot Stove Stadium for example.

The game was met with universal acclaim to a mixed reception. GameRankings and Metacritic gave it a score of 90.78% and 91 out of 100 for the PlayStation 2 version; 88.65% and 90 out of 100 for the PlayStation version; 84.82% and 89 out of 100 for the Nintendo 64 version; 79.36% and 78 out of 100 for the PC version; and 62% for the Game Boy Color version.

"Official UK PlayStation Magazine" gave the PlayStation version a score of nine out of ten and the Starplayer Award and said that it "expertly mixes arcade action with sim-deep stats and playbooks". In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the PS2 version a score of 35 out of 40.

Rob Smolka reviewed the PlayStation 2 version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it five stars out of five, and stated that "If you were looking for a reason to buy a PlayStation 2, this is it – superb gameplay, even better graphics, and enough substance to make you forget about all those other, weak launch titles."



</doc>
<doc id="2093617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2093617" title="Madden NFL 2000">
Madden NFL 2000

Madden NFL 2000 (also known as Madden 2000) is a football video game. This was the second of the "Madden NFL" games to not solely feature John Madden on the cover in North America. The only other one was Madden NFL '95. Most versions of the game cover featured Madden prominently in the foreground, and a recognizable Barry Sanders in a background action graphic. The European PAL edition features only Dorsey Levens on the cover.

The video at the introduction on the CD-ROM versions of the game is an unnamed track by rapper Ludacris. It was the first "Madden" game to be released for the Game Boy Color. It was also the first Madden game to be released on both PC and Mac.

The Green Bay Packers had the best team overall in the game with a score of 94. The worst team in the game was the Cleveland Browns with a score of 68, although the Philadelphia Eagles were close to being worse, with a rating of 72. The best offense in the game belongs to the Denver Broncos with a score of 97. The best defense in the game belongs to the Miami Dolphins with a score of 96. The best special teams in the game belongs to both the Buffalo Bills and Atlanta Falcons with a score of 97. A limited number of players or their names can now be either created or edited as modified rosters.

Franchise mode had improved somewhat and multiple owners can now participate in the same season. Unlike the previous version, Madden NFL 2000 allows the user to choose if he wants the computer to make his off-season decisions, such as re-sign/release players, draft future stars, etc. For the second straight year, created players can not be added to their respective teams, as well as to the list of free agents. Before a franchise can begin, the player must add all 31 coaches from the 1999 NFL season but its only exclusive to the PC download version.

Greg Orlando reviewed the PlayStation version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that ""Madden" loyalists will find more to love, but this franchise still plays second fiddle to "GameDay"."

The game received "favorable" reviews on all platforms except the Game Boy Color version, which received "average" reviews, according to video game review aggregator GameRankings.

In the United States, the game's computer version alone sold 155,071 copies by April 2000.



</doc>
<doc id="2095370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2095370" title="Enemy Territory: Quake Wars">
Enemy Territory: Quake Wars

Enemy Territory: Quake Wars is a first-person shooter video game developed by Splash Damage and published by Activision for Microsoft Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The prequel to "Quake II", "Quake Wars" is set in the same science fiction universe as "Quake II" and "Quake 4", with a minimal back-story serving as a prequel to "Quake II". It is the second multiplayer-focused game in the "Quake" series after "Quake III Arena".

"Quake Wars" features similar gameplay to "", but with the addition of controllable vehicles and aircraft as well as multiple AI deployables, asymmetric teams, much bigger maps and the option of computer-controlled bot opponents. Unlike the previous "Enemy Territory" games, "Quake Wars" is a commercial release rather than a free download.

"Enemy Territory: Quake Wars" received mostly positive reviews upon release, although it received some criticism on consoles.

Since 2011, the rights to the game have reverted to ZeniMax Media.

As of January 10, 2020 Quake Wars online is no longer available for play.

"Quake Wars" is a class-based, objective focused, team-oriented game. Teams are based on human (GDF) and alien (Strogg) technology. While the teams are asymmetrical, both sides have the same basic weapons and tools to complete objectives. Unlike other team-based online games (such as the "Battlefield" series), the gameplay is much more focused on one or two main objectives at once, rather than spread all over the combat area. This allows for much more focused and intense combat situations, similar to the original "Unreal Tournament" assault mode.

Each player class normally has new objectives show up during game play, many times based around the specific capabilities of that class. The game also has the capability to group players into fireteams for greater coordinated strategy. These fireteams can be user created or game generated depending on the mission selected by the player.

The game has an experience points (XP) rewards system in place, which rewards every player some points depending on the mission completed. This accumulated XP later leads to unlocks which may vary from availability of new equipment/weapons to abilities like faster movement or more accurate weapons. These rewards are reset to zero after the completion of every campaign, which consists of three unique maps, all with a common locale/region.

"Enemy Territory: Quake Wars" was first announced through a press release on May 16, 2005. The public beta opened to FilePlanet paid subscribers on June 20, 2007 and to nonpaying members on June 23, 2007. There were also beta keys given out for a limited time exclusively at QuakeCon 2007. The public beta ended on September 25, 2007. A second build of the beta was released on August 3, 2007. It features a new map entitled Valley to replace Sewer and several changes to the game code to improve performance and implement new features. This map was featured in tutorial videos released prior to the beta, and was the map made available to play at QuakeCon 2006. The Valley map is based on a real Earth location: Yosemite Valley.

A PC demo for Windows was released on September 10, 2007 and for Linux on October 16, 2007 also featuring the map Valley. The full Linux version was released on October 19, 2007. A Mac OS X client has also been released. In January 2008, a new updated version (2.0) of the demo was released. The updated demo includes changes introduced in the 1.4 patch such as 'tutorial mode'. The original 1.0 demo is no longer supported and should not be downloaded. The final retail version was first released on September 28, 2007 for Windows. The initial Linux release, created by id Software employee Timothee Besset, was made available three weeks later on October 19, 2007. As of 2019, "Quake Wars" is the most recent id Software game to have received a Linux release.

"Quake Wars" utilized a modified version of the id Tech 4 engine with the addition of a technology called MegaTexture, a new texture mapping technique developed by John D. Carmack of id Software. The technology allows maps to be totally unique, without any repeated terrain tiles. Battlefields can be rendered to the horizon without any fogging, with over a square mile of terrain at inch-level detail, while also providing terrain-type detail that defines such factors as bullet hit effects, vehicle traction, sound effects, and so on. Each megatexture is derived from a 32768×32768 pixel image, which takes up around 3 gigabytes in its raw form (with 3 bytes per pixel, one byte for each color channel).

A collector's edition of the game was released exclusively for Microsoft Windows on October 2, 2007 in North America and September 9, 2007 in Australia and Europe (in Europe the collector's edition was released as Premium Edition). The collector's edition features the game itself, 10 collectible cards (there are 12 cards, but the first two are only available via preorder) and a bonus disc, which contains concept art, HD videos, interviews, artwork, downloadable icons, ringtones and music tracks.

On the review aggregator GameRankings, the PC version of the game had an average score of 84% based on 55 reviews. On Metacritic, the game had a score of 84 out of 100 based on 52 reviews. Kevin VanOrd of GameSpot gave the game a rating of 8.5/10. Other reviews are generally very positive, scoring "Quake Wars" in the 8–9 (out of 10) range. For the week ending September 29, 2007, "Quake Wars" was the best selling PC title in the United Kingdom according to the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association. On October 17, 2007, after its top of the charts sale in the United Kingdom, "Quake Wars" debuted at a familiar #1 spot yet again in the United States. According to NPD group's top 10 best selling PC game charts, it managed to take the #1 spot. Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 reviews for the game were generally much less positive, with IGN giving the 360 version 6.1 and the PlayStation 3 version 5.3, citing game issues and inferior graphics to the PC version as causes for the lower score.


</doc>
<doc id="2096172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2096172" title="Flying Corps">
Flying Corps

Flying Corps is a 1997 World War I flight simulator developed by Rowan Software and published by Empire Interactive.

It was one of the most popular flight simulators of its time due to its accurate flight models and graphics, and also the novelty factor of a First World War dog fight simulator. "Flying Corps" is one of the few flight simulators to have dealt with the First World War - "Red Baron", "Knights of the Sky" and the more arcade-oriented "Wings" have attempted to do the same, but most companies focus on modern air combat and World War II (usually the Battle of Britain).

The game is split in four campaigns: "The Flying Circus" (1917), "Battle of Cambrai 1917", "Spring Offensive" (1918) and "Hat In The Ring" (1918). Several airplanes are available, including the Sopwith Camel, the Nieuport 28 and the Fokker Dr.I.

It was reshipped later in 1997 with 3dfx support and a few extras in a package named "Flying Corps Gold".

"Flying Corps" was a runner-up for "Computer Gaming World"s 1996 "Simulation Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "Jane's AH-64D Longbow". The editors wrote that "Flying Corps" "sports perhaps the best flight models ever seen on a prop-based sim; only quirky views and steep performance requirements kept it from the crown." "Flying Corps" was also a runner-up for "Computer Game Entertainment"s 1996 "Best Simulation Game" prize, which ultimately went to "Jane's AH-64D Longbow". The editors called "Flying Corps" "arguably the best World War I flight simulator in existence."

"Flying Corps" was named the 14th best computer game ever by "PC Gamer UK" in 1997. The editors praised its "planes so convincing you can actually taste the corned beef and dry biscuits the pilots probably had to eat".


</doc>
<doc id="2100568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2100568" title="Hogs of War">
Hogs of War

Hogs of War is a turn-based tactics artillery video game developed by Infogrames Sheffield House and published by Infogrames, released for the PlayStation in Europe on 6 June 2000, and North America on 29 September 2000, and later for Microsoft Windows in Europe only on 3 November 2000. The game is set in the First World War-era where anthropomorphic pigs engage in combat. "Hogs of War" is turn-based, featuring 3D graphics, and both a single-player career mode, and offline multiplayer. The game featured voice artistry by British comedic actor Rik Mayall and Marc Silk.

The tune for the game is John Philip Sousa's Liberty Bell March. The design of the game was later discussed in the book "The Game Maker's Apprentice".

"Hogs of War" is a turn-based tactics game, where players take turns controlling individual members of their squad of hogs to engage in combat with the opposition, similar to the "Worms" video game series. Each level is made up of two or more teams of 5, loosely based on nations competing in the First World War. Each turn, a player takes control of a single squad member in a third-person perspective to move around the map, including jumping over terrain and swimming over bodies of water, yet can only engage in combat when stationary.
Each squad member can be assigned a class type, where they have immediate access to certain weapons and abilities. There are four main class types; heavy gunners that specialize in long-range heavy weapons (mortars, bazookas, rocket launchers, etc.), engineers that specialise in explosives (grenades, land mines, TNT, etc.), espionage that don't appear on the mini map and use sniper rifles and camouflage, and finally medics that can heal other units in both close and long range. Other than inventory items, players can also gain access to military vehicles, like tanks and semi-aquatic and stationary turrets like heavy artillery and pillboxes. Bunkers and MASH tents also provide further protection, but without weaponry, with the latter healing a small amount at the start of their turn.
The game features several modes, including a standard deathmatch (either single-player or multiplayer) and a single-player campaign. At the start of each campaign, the player chooses their nation and squad of up to eight characters, who have customisable names. The main objective for the player is to conquer all five regions of the world map, with each region containing five missions against each opposing nation. Through the campaign, characters can be promoted as the player progresses through the campaign by earning medals; given for completing tasks, such as finishing the level with zero characters felled. The campaign features semi-permadeath, where a character will be permanently lost after three deaths on a level.

There are six different pig nations featured in "Hogs of War" that, while not directly named, are represented by their comical names, unique uniform colours, accents, and headgear. Each nation is parodied in the name of their squad and soldiers, as well as the pigs' dialogue during combat, usually at the start of each turn, before firing a weapon, after defeating an opponent, or upon their own death. Voice work is delivered in thick, over-the-top accents, with comical lines emphasizing the stereotypical nature of each represented nation, usually acting in an exaggerated manner (some portrayals of which were even held during both World Wars), or speaking about topics relevant to a stereotype, acting primarily as the game's source of humor. The six nations include the UK, France, Germany, the USA, Russia, and Japan.

The UK is represented by "Tommy's Trotters" (named after Tommys), who are clothed in green and wear standard British WW1 helmets. They are based on the British Expeditionary Force and are portrayed as either incredibly posh or hooligan-like, and use British slang with multiple regional accents. France is represented by the "Garlic Grunts" ( a reference to the Onion Johnny stereotype of the Frenchman), who are clothed in dark blue and wear Adrian helmets. They are based on the French Army in World War I, have thick French accents, and act in a stereotypically snooty and insulting manner. Germany is represented by the "Sow-A-Krauts" (a play on the pork garnish sauerkraut as well as the derogatory term for German soldiers; kraut), who wear grey uniforms and pickelhaube helmets. They are based primarily on Imperial Germany, and act in an aggressive manner and, at times, speak a faux-German language with many references to sausage in hogs' names. The United States of America is represented by "Uncle Ham's Hogs" (after Uncle Sam), who wear light blue uniforms and campaign hats, as worn by the American Expeditionary Forces during the Great War. They are mostly voiced in US Southern accents, typically portrayed as rednecks and country music singers. 
Russia is represented by "Piggystroika" (after Perestroika), who wear red uniforms and "ushanka" fur caps. Despite the First World War themes of the games, they are portrayed more like the post-war Soviet Union, using communist terms such as "comrade". One of the units also speaks in a drunken manner, another Russian stereotype. The last nation, Japan, is represented by "Sushi Swine" (after sushis), who wear yellow uniforms and tropical visor caps. They are portrayed as having strict codes of honour, while lacking knowledge in a more modern form of warfare, along with names taken from old Feudal Japanese positions, like "Ninja" and "Shogun".

A pig-shaped collection of islands located in the South Pigsific Ocean, known as Saustralasia, has been found to be a rich source of swill (depicted like oil being harvested by pumpjacks) that is described as the "lifeblood of pigs", and that who ever controls the swill controls the world, thus leading to all nations engaging in an all-out war to conquer the region. The chosen national squadron battles through each of Saustralasia's five main regions; Hogshead, Saustralia, Trottsville, Bellyopolis and Arstria.

Upon conquering each territory, the squad is shown an educational film (in a satirical vintage fashion) on survival techniques, such as ""keeping secrets safe"", a video showing off a secret military project. Upon defeating all other nations and laying claim to Saustralasian mainland, the squad engages in a final battle on the Isle of Swill with the nationally ambiguous "Team Lard". Regardless of which chosen nation is victorious, all pig nations celebrate the end of the war, and now, a time of peace. Despite the end of the war, a remaining soldier feels like nothing has been accomplished by the war. The narrator, (Rik Mayall), gives an upbeat message regarding the end of the war, stating that the war was all worth it, for the medal received at the end of it.

"Hogs of War" received average to positive reviews from critics. The PlayStation version received "Mixed or average reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. It received a better response elsewhere, achieving 74% from Game Rankings.

Greg Orlando reviewed the PlayStation version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "War may be hell, but we want to load our plates with it."
The game received high praise for its comedic value, and notably, the voice work by comedian Rik Mayall. Scott Stienberg of "IGN" praised the "goofy sense of humour and endearing antics" of the game, noting it as a strong contributor to the game. "Frank Provo" of GameSpot called the game's comedy as "drop-dead funny" and "sidesplitting", before stating the "all-around nuttiness" of the game lifted it into the same realm as Bomberman, or Worms. Nebojsa Radakovic of GameRevolution also stated that "many of the death quotes are just hilarious."

However, the game received less positive remarks towards the graphics used. Nebojsa Radakovic of "GameRevolution" stated the game's graphics were "only so-so" and the game contained too much "texture warping and simple models." Scott Stienberg of "IGN" also called the graphics "strikingly primitive", and the game's graphics were "dated".

On 13 February 2008, Infogrames announced "Hogs of War 2" for Nintendo DS, Wii, PlayStation 2 and Windows. It was slated for release in April 2009, but is now presumed cancelled. During this period Infogrames was experiencing financial problems and was reincorporated as Atari, SA.

The PC version of the game was re-released by Urbanscan in late September 2014, and later added to GOG.com. The PlayStation version was released as a PS one Classic on the North American PlayStation Network store in 2013. The PC version was later re-released worldwide on Steam on 28 July 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="2101495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2101495" title="HyperBlade">
HyperBlade

HyperBlade is an action video game, depicting a futuristic sport in a futuristic world. The sport is a mutated version of hockey, played in an egg-shaped arena rather than on a flat field or rink, which is loaded with weapons and deadly traps.

It was released by Wizbang! Software Productions in collaboration with Activision in 1996 for Windows 95, and serious graphics bugs are common in later operating systems. The game was to be released for the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn video game consoles as well, but was canceled months before its release.

Brutality to an extreme is permitted, as advances in medical sciences have prevented once-fatal conditions (such as decapitation) from altering one's life. Each player must avoid the jaks of other players, as well as many arena objects. The players are allowed any enhancement, from steroids to bionic appendages. Each player is in a suit that allows maximum flexibility, strength, and protection, all of which are needed, colored to represent the team they play for. The players have one free gloved right hand, and a bladelike glove called a jak on their left. Players use this blade to pick up mines, swarves, and roks, as well as slash at their opponents (allowed). The primary method of transportation is skating, although jumping is very common to avoid obstacles and players.

HyperBlade is played on a court called a drome, an elliptical dome, each long end with a relatively small goal built into the wall. Many objects litter the drome, each one deadly in its own way. Examples are the turnstile, which one skates through to set spinning, injuring any who travel through it, the laser hurdle, which players must avoid at all costs, and the killball charger, which one skates through while carrying the rok to convert the rok into a killball, a high voltage electrocutor that can be thrown at others. Each team owns an arena, which can have any number of fixed objects in any position in the field..

The winner is the team with the most points (scored by throwing the rok into the goal) at the end of the three-period match. Each period can be 3 minutes, 5 minutes, or 7 minutes, depending on the options the player has enabled before the start of the game. If a team is totally annihilated, they can still win by having scored more points.

The sponsors give out awards to those teams that perform spectacular feats, such as the Supernova if a team racks up 30 points in a game, the Anvil if a team takes another entire team out for the season, and the Archer if all the player's shots on goal are goals.

Each team always has one goalie on the field. They also have two players out of four cycling in and out of the field at all times. When a player is killed or injured (the goalie is invulnerable to any attack except for mines), the player's spot cannot be filled until a goal is scored, or the period ends, and the body of the player is completely removed from the Drome. When a player is decapitated, his head is immediately magnetized and used as the rok, as the original rok (or, sometimes, previous head) vanishes.

The players vary greatly, some are light and fast, others are tough, slow and enforcer like, they also differ in other attributes, such as "rok handling".

Nearly all of the polygons which form the players and environments are flat shaded, an unusual design choice given that most games of that time applied texture mapping. Lewis Peterson of Activision said of this that "Part of it was an aesthetic decision. More importantly, a texture-mapped polygon costs about 10 times the processor budget of a flat-shaded polygon, so we had to make a decision as to whether or not we wanted one big texture-mapped polygon, or " Support for texture mapping using DirectX 3D graphics accelerators was added to "HyperBlade" after Peterson made this statement.

"HyperBlade" was one of the first PC games that supported the new Microsoft DirectX APIs and supported full 3D texture map support for PCs with the 3D graphics accelerators as well as flat shaded polygons for PCs without a graphics accelerator. Many graphics hardware manufacturers bundled "HyperBlade" in the box of their 3D graphics accelerators so consumers would have a title which supported Direct3D out of the box.



</doc>
<doc id="2107563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2107563" title="Duke Nukem II">
Duke Nukem II

Duke Nukem II: Escape From Alien Abductors! is a platform game developed by Apogee Software and released December 3, 1993. The game consists of four episodes (of eight levels each), the first available as shareware. It is the follow-up to 1991's "Duke Nukem", and followed by "Duke Nukem 3D" in 1996. Todd Replogle was the primary designer of all three games.

In 1998, the evil Rigelatins plan to enslave Earth, and they kidnap Duke Nukem, to use his brain to plot the attack for their forces. Duke breaks free to save the world again.

The player's goal is to proceed through the levels collecting items, destroying enemies to the level exit and at the final level, defeat the super alien boss. In one level of each episode Duke needs to destroy radar dishes to progress.

Duke Nukem can pick up weapons along the way. There are four types of weapons: His regular default gun, the flamethrower (which can shoot through walls and launch him in the air), the laser (which can shoot through anything) and the rocket launcher. Duke can also get a rapid fire powerup. Health items can be collected to heal damage Duke receives or to boost score points at full health. Keycards need to be collected to access past the force fields and keys must be obtained to get past locked doors. A cloaking device makes Duke temporarily invincible and disables the super force fields.

Movement through the levels mainly consists of jumping onto platforms, climbing ladders, operating elevators, using teleporters, hovering over blowing fans and climbing hand-over-hand across pipes or girders. At the end of every level (with the exception of the last level in each episode), the player can receive up to seven 100,000 point bonuses, earned by making certain achievements in the level, such as destroying all cameras.

The game uses VGA and EGA graphics and draws two backgrounds ("dual-parallax scrolling"). The game took almost two years to create.

The Game Boy Color version of "Duke Nukem II" was titled "Duke Nukem". It was released on September 10, 1999 in North America. Several of the backgrounds closely resemble those of the earlier DOS version of the game. However, the Rigelatins have been replaced with the Zorgonites, the arsenal of weapons and items have been modified and the levels, graphics, music, vehicles, enemies and bosses are brand new. Furthermore, Duke has the ability to hang onto the edge of platforms in the Game Boy Color game. The game features 21 levels of play and eight save game slots.



</doc>
<doc id="2110825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2110825" title="NBA Live 99">
NBA Live 99

NBA Live 99 is the 1999 installment of the "NBA Live" video games series. The cover features Antoine Walker of the Boston Celtics. The game was developed by EA Sports and released on October 31, 1998 for the Windows and PlayStation, then in November 4, 1998 for the Nintendo 64. Don Poier is the play-by-play announcer. It was the first NBA Live game released for Nintendo 64. "NBA Live 99" was followed by "NBA Live 2000".

NBA Live 99 is EA Sports' NBA release for the 1998–99 NBA season. Some of the major additions in Live 99 include Practice Mode and multi-season play featuring player development between seasons. Although it did not feature free agency or generated rookies, it would turn out to be the forerunner to Franchise Mode. 

Live 99 shipped with 1997-98 season rosters due to the NBA lockout of 1998–99, putting a hold on player movements and rookie signings during the summer of 1998. Some prominent bugs led to the NBA Live Series Center fan site submitting a patch petition to EA Sports which resulted in two official patches which included roster update for the 98–99 season.

As Live 99 kept the same file formats as Live 98, patchers were able to produce the same wide variety of patches using an updated version of the EA Graphics Editor and the NBA Live 99 Toolkit.

LIVE Hoops

LIVE Technology

LIVE Style

The Nintendo 64 version is actually an updated port of NBA Live 98, and not the same as the PC and PlayStation. The PC and PlayStation versions also featured a bug, out of the box, where players did not fatigue properly. While the PC version received a patch, it is unknown if, but highly unlikely, the PlayStation version was fixed in later production versions.

The game received "favorable" reviews on all platforms according to video game review aggregator GameRankings.



</doc>
<doc id="2112812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2112812" title="X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse">
X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse

X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse is a first-person shooter video game. It was developed by Zero Gravity Entertainment and released for PC only in 1997. The game was built with the "Quake" engine and requires the original version of "Quake" to be played, as the result, the game acts as an expansion of "Quake".

"The Ravages of Apocalypse" features fourteen levels, replaces the original "Quake" weapons with new designs, and all of the enemies in the game have been replaced with cyborg clones of popular X-Men characters, each with their own super powers; for example, Wolverine has his healing factor, Archangel is immune to rockets, etc. "X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse" was one of the first total conversions to feature a high profile property.

"X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse" was released as freeware in July 2006. The game's source code was also released, but under an ambiguous license. Modifications have been made to the game to allow it to run as a standalone title. The freeware release includes a walkthrough of the game's levels, as well as a patch which adds new gameplay features and fixes glitches from the original version.

"X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse" was met with mixed reception.




</doc>
<doc id="2114186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2114186" title="Tintin: Destination Adventure">
Tintin: Destination Adventure

Tintin: Destination Adventure is a video game loosely based on the series "The Adventures of Tintin", the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé. It was released for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation in Europe in late 2001.

The gameplay is similar to the previous two Tintin games ("Prisoners of the Sun" and "Tintin in Tibet"), with the exception in some parts where the player can operate vehicles. Aside from this the only other enhancement is the use of full 3D for the game.

"Tintin: Destination Adventure" was released for PlayStation in September, 2001 and for Windows in November, 2001.



</doc>
<doc id="2114689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2114689" title="They Hunger">
They Hunger

They Hunger is a single player horror-based mod of Valve's first-person shooter "Half-Life". It was released by Neil Manke's Black Widow Games in three episodes, the first in 1999, the second in 2000, and the final installment in 2001. All three were at one point bundled with "PC Gamer".

"They Hunger" features little original "Half-Life" content apart from the revolver, some sound clips, a few types of ammunition the player can pick up, and a few other minor details, although many weapons and NPCs are simply re-skins of the content in "Half-Life". For example, the civilians are re-skins of a scientist found in "Half-Life". It also includes the flamethrower and sniper rifle from "Team Fortress Classic", though it features a different view when scoped. In addition to these modifications, it changes the sounds of certain characters. For example, one friendly NPC features the same sound clips as Barney Calhoun from "Half-Life" but has been edited to affect a deeper voice. Zombies and headcrabs have also been given voices, which add to the horror aspect of the game.

In the first episode, the player takes the role of a troubled writer who has gone to a country retreat to work on his next masterpiece. However, the player soon hears the news over the radio of 'strange atmospheric phenomena', and his car crashes into a lake after being struck by a lightning bolt. Severely wounded and armed only with a recharging flashlight, the player moves out to find help. His only means of escaping the lake is by swimming through a drainage pipe into a maze of catacombs. He comes to a mortuary chapel and finds an umbrella and medkits to heal himself with. Along the way, he's had several disturbing experiences: an unfinished catacomb is empty and has a splash of blood near it. The pathways are echoing screams of the damned. A bloodied skull rolls out of an ossuary, and as he enters the chapel, he hears someone screaming "No! No! Get it off me!", from who he takes his umbrella. As soon as he starts to leave, strange things start happening. A zombie breaks through a coffin and starts chasing him. The player has to smash the zombie down with the handle of the umbrella he took. He climbs the ladder to the church bell, only to find hostile headcrab-like creatures and a dead body. He takes a silenced 9mm Beretta pistol and rings the church bell for help. A vent opens and he climbs in to find some dynamite. The writer finds himself fighting for survival against zombies, going through the church grounds, passing a swamp, running in a volcano rift (called Devil's rift), driving a train through tracks full of zombies, and finally getting into the town, where finds the BMRF radio station and the police station, his main destination. To make things worse, the police who have been sent to investigate the strange happenings have also been turned into zombies and are still capable of using weapons and equipment, and prove to be a constant threat (as well as a source of ammunition). Once the player gets into town, he uses the local radio station to call for the state police. In the end, the player is captured by the undead sheriff and imprisoned. The episode ends with a zombie approaching his cell door to eat him.

The protagonist begins the game where the last left off: unarmed and trapped, however just as a zombie is about to enter his cell, the player is saved by a state police officer with a military-equipped truck. Still unarmed, the player is forced to restock his arsenal himself (though it is possible to re-enter the police station and regain several lost weapons).

The player soon after enters the sewers. There he encounters bizarre aquatic creatures. He also encounters several state police officers who have been zombified after arriving at the town. The player later makes it to the Rockwell water treatment plant. It becomes apparent that the military has taken notice of the problem and had started sending troops in to take care of the zombies and determine what was happening to the civilians. However, the player does not actually meet up with any living soldiers (as they are quickly killed by zombies when encountered) until the next episode.

A major part of this episode is spent exploring 'Rockwell Asylum for the Criminally Insane' operated by Dr. Franklin (who could possibly have created the headcrabs from the previous chapter). Once inside, the player meets Alfred, Dr. Franklin's former assistant, who tells the player that it was he and Dr. Franklin that discovered strange contaminants in the city water that brings anyone alive or dead to an intermediate state of half life. He tells the player that Dr. Franklin was trying to figure out how it was causing the zombies but ended up being infected too.

The player then enters Dr. Franklin's underground laboratory where he witnesses several of the doctor's horrid experiments, such as dismembered heads being kept alive. Soon the player is forced to fight an army of undead Frankenstein-like monsters brought to life through Franklin's machine. Shortly after, Dr. Franklin is chased out of the area by one of his own monsters.

The episode ends with the player inadvertently setting the whole asylum aflame. The player is caught in a massive explosion that ends the episode.

The final episode opens as the player awakens to find himself in Rockwell Community Hospital. A little exploration reveals that it, too, had been overrun by zombies before the player woke up. The player's fight continues. The player must find a way out of the hospital. After the player leaves the hospital, he, on foot, covers several miles of open countryside and arrives at a small farm that has been overrun by the undead. Besides the farmers, most of the local cattle and other animals have also been infected and prove to be quite a danger. To make matters worse, the human skeletons that have been resurrected through experimentation in the previous episode now appear frequently and have the dangerous ability to channel electricity.

Eventually, the player manages to get back to the asylum which has been destroyed by the fire. However, the player is recaptured and taken back to the country-side to a Stonehenge-like structure. Here the player witnesses Sheriff Rockwood giving a speech to the zombie hordes, which is soon broken up when the military attacks. The soldiers also target the player and any surviving civilians (probably because of the risk of infection) The player escapes and retrace his steps back to the farm train yard, along the way witnessing the fact that the military is clearly overwhelmed by the zombie threat. After boarding a rail car, he once again arrives at the asylum. There he meets a lone deputy who has a plan to get himself and the player out of the town using a police helicopter. However, he can't open the hatch by himself. The player must fight through the asylum and the local theater, which is now overrun with zombified soldiers, to meet him on the other side. The player and the deputy take off in a police helicopter.

The game reaches its climax as the player and the deputy are forced to fight Dr. Franklin, who, after taking the full impact of the blast in episode 2, has been rebuilt into a half-zombie, half-machine cyborg. After the doctor's defeat, the player is pursued by Sheriff Rockwood in another helicopter with a mounted mini-gun. The player must defeat the sheriff and send him plummeting toward one of the great lakes before exploding. The game ends with the player and the deputy flying off into the sunrise while the game plays "You Are What I Eat" along with the end credits.

They Hunger takes place in a town called Rockwell, also called "the valley" by Deputy Jerry Hoobs. The location of the town is never revealed. The town is surrounded by many cliffs and canyons; many sections of the town are separated by tunnel systems. On the outskirts, there is "Rockwell Stud Bulls," a family-owned cattle company. One of the town's more notable landmarks is a large volcanic chasm, which appears to be the town's main tourist attraction dubbed "Devil's Rift." It also has a Stonehenge-type structure. The town has its own local radio station, BMRF radio (a reference to the Black Mesa Research Facility from the "Half-Life" series).

A "They Hunger" game using the Source engine was under development for a time, but has since been canceled. The full title of the installment was "They Hunger: Lost Souls", replacing the rumored temporary name "They Hunger: Source". The installment had been under development since 2005, although over the years, little information was released, apart from sparse updates at the company's official website and a few specialized game magazines. However, recently, one of the developers confessed that Neil Manke has been very ill and as such the game has since been canceled. Leaked playable Beta files of the game were posted by a user named "flippedoutkyrii".




</doc>
<doc id="2117260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2117260" title="Enemy Zero">
Enemy Zero

In "Enemy Zero", gameplay sequences alternate between interactive FMV and real time exploration, both from a first person perspective. The interactive FMV component uses gameplay identical to an earlier Warp game, "D".

The real time component of "Enemy Zero" is unique. Enemies are invisible, and location is only possible through the use of sound, with notes of different pitch helping the player find the distance and direction of enemies. Additionally, every gun in the game must be charged up immediately before each shot, and charging a shot for too long will cause the charge to dissipate, after which the charging must start over. Since all available guns have very limited range, this makes timing crucial; beginning to charge the gun too late or too soon will allow the enemy to reach Laura, resulting in an immediate game over. Reloading the gun and moving the character around are mechanics that have been made intentionally slow, which stimulates players to avoid combat and direct contact with the alien enemies as much as possible. In the early segments of the game, avoiding detection is not only recommended; it is required, since the player has no means to defend themselves without a gun.

Aboard the AKI space craft, a space station dedicated to biological research, Laura Lewis is in a deep cryogenic slumber. The jets of the chamber dissipate as the craft's emergency systems are activated. Laura is awakened by a large detonation on her deck. Outside a door marked with the letters E0, something of great strength is trying to break free. The door is thrown down, and the hallway is filled with a bright, incandescent light, followed by a horrific growl. Pipes and the remains of the steel door shift around, as if being stepped on. Laura, unaware of what is happening, uses the video phone above her sleep chamber to contact one of her crewmates, Parker. Laura watches in confusion as Parker looks away from the monitor, to his room's entryway doors. A screech sends him backing up to reach for his gun. Laura watches as Parker is mutilated by an unseen enemy.

Getting dressed and grabbing her gun, Laura heads out to learn what attacked Parker. As she ventures through the ship, Laura's earring-shaped "guidance system" gives her aural warnings of invisible enemies (seen escaping in the intro sequence) roaming the ship's corridors. Laura meets up with Kimberley, another crewmate, and they make a plan to rendezvous with the other survivors. On their way Kimberley is attacked by an enemy and disappears, forcing Laura to make the journey on her own. She meets up with George, the ship's resident computer scientist, as well as David, her lover, and together they plan to head for the escape shuttles. Exploring the deceased captain's study, Laura discovers a log file that reveals that goal of the mission is to capture the enemies and bring them back to Earth for use as biological weapons on behalf of Vexx Industries, and that the crew is expendable in case of an accident.

David is attacked by one of the enemies, and when Laura discovers his corpse, she learns that David was actually an android. She performs a body-scan on herself, and finds that not only is she also an android herself, but that one of the enemy larvae is developing in her neck. George confronts her and tries to wipe her memories, but is attacked and killed by an enemy. When Laura heads for the escape pods, she finds Kimberley again, who kills the larva nesting inside of Laura, and reveals that she and Parker were assigned by Vexx Industries to supervise the mission. Kimberley then triggers the ship's self-destruct mechanism, and leaves Laura to join Parker, killing herself while cradled up next to his corpse. As Laura heads for the escape shuttle, her guidance system runs out of battery, but instead she receives guidance from David, whose consciousness has been uploaded to the ship's computer systems. Laura reaches the escape shuttle just in time as the AKI blows up behind her, and she enters cryogenic sleep one more time as she makes the return voyage to Earth.

"Enemy Zero" began life on Sony's PlayStation. Its unveiling at the 1996 PlayStation Expo in Tokyo was described by journalists as the highlight of the show. Irritated by Sony's failure to meet even a third of preorders for the PlayStation version of "D" (and to a lesser extent, their policy that all marketing for third party games had to be approved by them), at a press conference during the expo Kenji Eno made a shocking move. Eno showed a preview of "Enemy Zero". At the end of the clip the PlayStation logo appeared, but slowly transitioned into the Sega Saturn logo, indicating that the game would now be a Saturn exclusive. Despite popular opinion that the Saturn cannot handle 3D games as well as the PlayStation, Eno commented "...the PlayStation and the Saturn aren't that different, so moving it [Enemy Zero] to Saturn wasn't too difficult." Fumito Ueda, director of the cult video games "Ico" and "Shadow of the Colossus", worked as an animator on this game, before becoming a video game director. The game was in development for nine months.

The full motion video sequences were all rendered on Silicon Graphics workstations using PowerAnimator.

While Eno did the music for "D", Michael Nyman, composer for films such as "Gattaca" and "The Piano", was hired to create a score for this Warp title. In an interview, Kenji Eno explained how this came about: ...I like Michael Nyman a lot, and I like his soundtracks, so I was thinking that it would be awesome if I could get him to do the music. I thought, "That would be impossible, but it'd be great if that happened." ...then, there was a big earthquake in Kobe, Japan in 1995, and Michael Nyman was donating pianos to schools in the city. When this earthquake happened, he said that he wanted to check out how the pianos that he donated were doing, so he came to Japan. When I found out that he was in Japan, I invited him back to my hotel room and tried to convince him, for six hours, to come work with me. So, at the end, Michael was like, "OK, I'll do it, I'll do it. Just let me go back to my room." So he went back exhausted after being convinced for six hours. We didn't work out terms or conditions; he just said that he would do it.

Eno had initially considered asking Ryuichi Sakamoto to create the score, but decided that his style would not be appropriate for the game.

The music was performed by the Michael Nyman Orchestra and Sarah Leonold [sic<nowiki>]</nowiki>. "Confusion" is a modification of material from Nyman's previous score, "The Ogre", while the Enemy Zero/Invisible Enemy/Battle theme were modified into portions of Nyman's score for "Man with the Movie Camera".

"Laura's Theme," "Digital Tragedy," and "Love Theme" are solo piano works and are included on the EP, "Enemy Zero Piano Sketches", which was released eight months before the complete soundtrack, and two months before the game.


Released and received with much hype in Japan at the end of 1996, E0 was released in North America and Europe in 1997 under Sega. Despite being critically panned, it was later ported to the PC by Sega.

20 copies of a limited edition of the Saturn version were produced and sold for a price roughly equal to 2,000 US dollars. These special copies were hand-delivered to recipients by Kenji Eno himself. The game thus holds the record for the "Most Exclusive Special Edition" of a video game, according to the 2012 "Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition". Due to popularity in Japan, Sega sponsored the production of a few "Enemy Zero" items such as the official "Enemy Zero" soundtrack by Michael Nyman, a model of the in-game gun, and a strategy guide.

"Enemy Zero" received favorable reviews from several publications. "Edge" highly praised the first of the game's three discs for offering a "suspense-ridden atmosphere" and tense encounters with invisible aliens, comparing it favorably to Ridley Scott's cult classics "Alien" and "Blade Runner". However, the magazine criticized the other discs for ruining that suspense with "space soap" themes and an almost embarrassing plot. "Electric Playground" concluded that "Enemy Zero" "is one of the best Saturn games" of the year and its "high points are the innovations, like the energy gun and the VPS, that make playing this game unlike playing any other."

"Next Generation" reviewed the Saturn version of the game, rating it four stars out of four, and stated that "Not only is "Enemy Zero" a fine adventure, but it also manages to advance the graphic adventure by emphasizing other senses besides pure sight. It may still have some of the faults of FMV-plagued games, but those problems dwindle to nothing compared to the overall experience."

Ulrich Steppberger of "M! Games" scored it just 37 out of 100, saying that although the game replicates the ambiance of the film "Alien", it has many problems that weigh the game down. He says the game has problems typical of FMV games such as trudging through long barren corridors and solving puzzles. He also said the weapon was unwieldy and hard to use, the ping system to find the enemy is not useful, while saying the FMV were high quality. 

In 1997, French magazine "Consoles +" scored it 89% overall, including individual ratings of 90% for presentation, 91% for graphics, 83% animation, 87% music, 82% sound effects, 90% lastability, and 90% playability. They concluded that, while it might not please everyone, it is a "gory, original and beautiful" adventure game with "high difficulty" and a "special atmosphere". British magazine "Mean Machines" scored it 90% overall, including individual ratings of 91% for graphics, 89% for sound, 85% playability, and 69% lastability.

American magazine "GameFan" awarded the game the Megaward for Best Import Game of the Year, for the year 1996.

In 2017, Patrick Arellano of Blasting News listed it as the fourth best obscure horror title in gaming.



</doc>
<doc id="2117752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2117752" title="Spaceward Ho!">
Spaceward Ho!

Spaceward Ho! is a turn-based science fiction computer strategy game that was written by Peter Commons, designed by Joe Williams (Joedelta) and published by Delta Tao Software. The first version was released in 1990, and further upgrades followed regularly; the current version, 5.0.5, was released on July 8, 2003. It has received wide recognition in the Macintosh community, for example being inducted into the Macworld Game Hall of Fame.

"Spaceward Ho!" can be categorized in the 4X game genre (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, eXterminate) with a theme of galactic conquest. It took many elements of its design from the earlier "Reach for the Stars", but expanded on many of that game's basic themes while taking advantage of the larger memory and better graphics available on the Mac platform.

Version 5 is available for iOS, Android, Classic Mac OS, and Mac OS X versions before 10.7 (there is no universal binary) and Palm OS. Version 4 is also available for Windows and version 2 for Amiga.

The gameplay of "Spaceward Ho!" focuses on efficiently extracting the resources of conquered worlds while correctly anticipating and countering opponents' actions.

"Spaceward Ho!" can be played against a computer AI, or against other human players over the internet (via spacewardho.net). Previous versions of the game allowed also LAN-based networked play, but this feature has been disabled in the Mac OS X version. It has a very simple gameplay compared with most other games in the genre (such as "Master of Orion"). Depending on the initial settings, games take from about ten minutes to an hour. Its small but dedicated fanbase considers the simplicity to be elegance, and its designers boast that it has gotten faster and more intuitive to play with each new version. All unnecessary complexity has been stripped from the game, resulting in a fast-paced game that still manages to be very engaging.

The core of the game is the two-dimensional map of "planets". Each "planet" has three characteristics: temperature, gravity, and metal. Temperature and gravity are both used to determine how fast colonies can grow and how large they can become (based on the preferred temperature and gravity for the colonizer, which is different for each player); the difference is that a player may spend money to change the temperature ("terraforming") while gravity cannot be changed. Colonies with low population take a certain amount of money per turn to support, while colonies with high population earn money for their owner. Metal can, with money expenditure, be mined for use with shipbuilding. A planet's stats are unknown until explored (to get current info on a planet, a player must have ships in orbit with no enemies present). Travel between planets is via hyperspace (ships cannot encounter each other except at planets), and the time it takes depends on the distance between the origin and the destination on the map, as well as on the speed of the ship in question.

Ships are built with money (representing renewable resources) and metal (representing non-renewable resources). Money and metal are available instantly, wherever needed. There are several different kinds of ships, including the basic Fighter, a Scout with longer range but weaker weapons, a Colony Ship used to found new colonies, Satellites which are cheap but cannot move from the world at which they are built, and in recent versions a few others as well, such as the Tanker and Dreadnought. Each ship has a ranking in each of five technologies: range (determining how far a ship can fly before refueling), speed (determining how quickly ships reach their destinations and who shoots first in a battle), weapons, shields, and "miniaturization". Higher-tech ships cost more money and metal, with the exception of ships with high "miniaturization" which take far more money but less metal. Miniaturization is much less effective when applied to Colony Ships, compared to other types of ships. Ships cannot be upgraded, although old ships can be scrapped to retrieve a portion of their metal. When a ship is destroyed in battle, a smaller portion can also be recovered. The first ship of a given design costs two to four times as much as subsequent units, to account for research and design costs.

There is no ground combat; ships that face an undefended enemy colony simply bombard it from orbit until they or the entire planet population is dead. The planet can then be recolonized by the victor's species. If a battle lasts into the second round of firing, the participants will get information on what happened; if it ends in only one round, the loser will know only that he lost.

In addition to spending on supporting colonies, terraforming planets, mining planets, and building ships, players can spend money on technological research. This raises the available maximum for each of the five ship technologies. There is also a sixth type of research, "Radical", which gives unpredictable advantages such as improved terraforming, information about distant planets, or a temporary advantage in one tech. Most spending in the game follows the law of diminishing returns: it is more effective to spend lightly but constantly on a given tech or planet for a long period of time than to spend heavily for a short period of time. For example, a novice player might reason that allocating 20% of one's income to mining a particular planet would yield twice as much metal as allocating 10%; in fact, it yields only 40% more metal.

A pseudo-logarithmic bar graph displays the player's spending allocations. The player manipulates the bars with the mouse to allocate spending. As one bar is lengthened, the lengths of the other bars are automatically shortened (and vice versa).


"Computer Gaming World" praised "Spaceward Ho!", calling it "the Holy Grail of strategic computer games – "the" entertaining, introductory strategy game", especially for multiple players over a network. A February 1994 survey of space war games gave it a grade of A, stating that "Spaceward Ho!" "drew in many non-wargamer types with the use of clever bells and whistles". A 1994 survey of strategic space games set in the year 2000 and later gave the game four stars out of five, criticizing the cover art but stating that it "offers a fine 'beer and pretzels' game of economic/military space conquest ... Great gameplay and graphics with a touch of crass". "Spaceward Ho!" v. 3.0 for the Macintosh was reviewed in 1993 in "Dragon" #196 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars. The game was reviewed in 1994 in "Dragon" #202 by Sandy Petersen in the "Eye of the Monitor" column. Petersen gave the solo version of the game 2 out of 5 stars, and the multiplayer version 3 stars.

"Next Generation" reviewed the Macintosh version of "Spaceward Ho 4.0", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "If you already own a copy, now is definitely time to step up to a new level of play."

In 1996, "Next Generation" listed "Spaceward Ho!" as number 52 on their "Top 100 Games of All Time", citing its "deceptive level of depth", high replay value, and eight-player mode. Wil Wheaton called it one of his favorite games.




</doc>
<doc id="2120193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2120193" title="The Sims: Hot Date">
The Sims: Hot Date

The Sims: Hot Date is the third expansion pack released for the strategic life-simulation computer game "The Sims" developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. It was released on November 14, 2001 with overall positive reviews thanks to the addition of a downtown area outside the neighborhood, which became the set up for upcoming expansions packs in which new areas were added; it also served as the inspiration for later games including "" and "".

In addition to many new items for households, the new downtown area is "Hot Date"'s most significant new addition to The Sims.

Sims can now use their telephones to call a taxi that takes them to downtown SimCity, which is composed of lots such as shopping centers, recreation areas, restaurants, or nightclubs. While a Sim is on a date, the Sim can be controlled, but not actually give orders to its date.

Downtown features lots of brand-new, downtown-only items, like food vendors, clothing stores, picnic areas, and duck ponds that Sim couples can use to keep themselves busy, and a few new items, like the restaurant booth seat, that'll let them get to know each other better.

All the time spent downtown takes place independent of time at home; in other words, Sims will get hungry, tired, and bored as usual during the time they spend downtown, but once they get home, the clock will actually reset to the time when they left.

This makes having both a relationship and a job (which still typically takes about six hours out of a sim's day) not only possible, but a lot easier than before.

The relationship bar with acquaintances the sims know, now includes a daily bar at the top showing short term trends with decay quickly and a long term bar showing long term trends.

Overall, the game was judged to be the most substantial of "The Sims" expansion packs at its point of release, and critics praised the new downtown area.

"Hot Date" was received 86% and an 85% averages from aggregate sites GameRankings and Metacritic respectively. "The Armchair Empire" gave the game 9.2/10 points saying "Where "Living Large" and "House Party" were basically enhancements to the original, "Hot Date" completely revamps the gameplay by making it possible to focus more on social and romantic relationships and for the first time get away from the Sims house.
"Hot Date" was a nominee for "Computer Gaming World"s 2001 "Best Game Expansion" award, which ultimately went to "". The editors wrote, ""Hot Date" added the one thing "The Sims" players clamored for, which was the ability to actually leave the house." Similarly, the editors of "Computer Games Magazine" nominated "Hot Date" as the best add-on of 2001, but ultimately gave the award to "".

The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "Hot Date" for its 2001 "Innovation in Computer Gaming" award, which ultimately went to "Black & White".



</doc>
<doc id="2124538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2124538" title="Betrayal in Antara">
Betrayal in Antara

Betrayal in Antara is a Windows 3.1 role-playing video game developed and published by Sierra On-Line in 1997, after the success of their previous RPG, "Betrayal at Krondor". Sierra had lost the rights to produce another game based on Raymond Feist's "The Riftwar Cycle", and therefore had to create the game world of Ramar. Although it is not a sequel, "Betrayal in Antara" uses an updated version of "Betrayal at Krondor"'s game engine.

A ship, the "Fair Current", is sailing from Januli to Pianda when it is attacked by pirates. With the ship on fire, the crew and its two passengers abandon ship. William Escobar finds himself in the same lifeboat as the other passenger, a joyman named Gregor. They make it to shore but are attacked by a magical griffin. Gregor is mortally wounded. While fishing, Aren Cordelaine sees William fighting off the griffin and, trying to help, unintentionally kills the creature with a blast of magic. Before he dies, Gregor gives William a medallion and warns him that the Imperial Consort is in danger. William asks Aren to accompany him home so Aren can learn how to control his powers from the Escobars' court mage Finch. Aren agrees and the two of them set out for Panizo. In the forest near town, they save a woman, Kaelyn Usher, from bandits. She decides to join them. When they reach Panizo, William informs his father of Aren's help as well as Gregor's message. Learning that Prince Farril will be traveling to Antara for his wedding to Princess Aurora, William wants to go to Ticoro and warn him.

William, Aren, and Kaelyn sneak out of Panizo early the next morning and head to Midova, where Aren starts his magical training with Finch. They arrive in Ticoro in the middle of the spring festival and learn that Prince Farril is in the city, though his location is a secret. William, Aren, and Kaelyn meet Kaelyn's friends, Raal and Fellich Marr, head of the church of Henne. They discover where Prince Farril is staying and attempt to warn him, but Lord Caverton and the guards ignore them. They return to their inn, but are awoken in the middle of the night by Caverton's guards, who inform them that Farril has been kidnapped. Having known about it beforehand, William, Aren, and Kaelyn are arrested as the primary suspects.

Raal springs William, Aren, and Kaelyn from prison and informs Kaelyn that wraiths are attacking people in the Ridgewood and her father Garvin has disappeared. Kaelyn leaves with Raal to find her father, promising to meet up with William and Aren when she is done. William and Aren suspect the Shepherds of kidnapping Prince Farril and follow their trail through Ticor and Chuno, eventually learning about their secret headquarters.

Kaelyn and Raal head to Kaelyn's home in the Ridgewood. Following a note from her father, they discover Garvin's magical workshop in a cave. Garvin informs his daughter that the wraiths in the forest are possessing humans and creatures and driving them mad. With Garvin's help, Kaelyn and Raal find and destroy all the wraiths.

William and Aren find Gar Warren, leader of the Shepherds. Warren says that Farril was taken by a traitorous Shepherd magician. Imperial soldiers storm the caverns and Warren escapes. William and Aren follow, but lose him in the tunnels. They discover that Farril has been taken by a band of Chinese mercenaries. Posing as new recruits, they are taken to the cabin where he is held, kept in a magical sleep. After Aren dispels the enchantment, the three of them escape and meet up with Kaelyn and Raal. Raal returns home while William, Aren, Kaelyn, and Farril continue on to Antara.

During the presentation of Prince Farril to the Emperor, a wraith appears out of Farril's body and attacks the Emperor. The Shadows, the Emperor's magicians, fight it off but the creature takes the souls of Farril and Princess Aurora and escapes from the palace. Farril and Aurora are placed in stasis. The Emperor asks William, Aren, and Kaelyn to save Farril and Aurora. Realizing that the attack on the Fair Current was meant for Gregor, they head to Januli to unravel the mystery behind Gregor's death and the assassination attempt on the Emperor.

Tracking down the Fair Current's crew as well as Gregor's mistress, William, Aren, and Kaelyn learn that Gregor spent much of his time in Havesly, the capital of Januli. In Havesly they discover that Gregor was a spy for Lord Caverton, whose entry into the salt trade was driving House Sheffield to the brink of bankruptcy. Desperate to save her family from financial ruin, Selana Sheffield employed pirates, allowing them harbor in Januli by forging her father's signature. Selana planned to kidnap Prince Farril and hold him for ransom, joining the Shepherds to carry it out. Gregor discovered her plans so she arranged to have him killed. William, Aren, and Kaelyn arrive at the Sheffields' castle to find it under attack by pirates. They find Lord Sheffield and Selana, pursued by an assassin named Petrov who is killed by Lord Sheffield. They learn that Petrov was sent by someone named Silver Hawk to cover their tracks by killing Selana and court mage Calvert Bryce. Questioning Selana, William learns that while she was responsible for the pirate attack, she knows nothing about the griffin. Several months earlier, a griffin had been sighted in Januli and Bryce had reportedly disposed of it. Realizing that Bryce sent the griffin to attack Gregor and the wraith to kill the Emperor, William, Aren, and Kaelyn enter the salt mines behind the castle and follow them to Bryce's workshop.

Bryce tells them that he tried to kill the Emperor out of revenge because the Shadows had humiliated him when they forbade his ethereal travel research. He continued anyway, but by traveling to the ethereal world to capture a wraith, Bryce allowed a few to escape into Ramar, where they appeared in the Ridgewood. Selana's plan to kidnap the Consort happened to provide a vessel for the wraith to strike at the Emperor. Before they can learn how to get Farril and Aurora's souls back, Bryce commits suicide. Using Bryce's notes, Aren summons the wraith. The wraith refuses to return the souls so Lord Sheffield and Selana, feeling responsible for the turmoil that has occurred, volunteer to give up their souls instead. The wraith takes the deal in exchange for the promise that humans will never disturb the wraiths again.

Two months later, William, Aren, and Kaelyn reunite in Ticoro for Farril and Aurora's wedding. William has been busy working for his father, Aren has become Finch's apprentice, and Kaelyn has been appointed ambassador to the Grrrlf in Antara. During the ceremony, William and Aren notice the silver hawk on Fellich Marr's staff. William realizes that Marr was Silver Hawk, but due to his political influence and lack of evidence, they are powerless to do anything. With those directly involved (Bryce, Selana, Petrov) in his conspiracy dead, Fellich Marr has little fear of being connected to the attempted murder.

In 1994 Dynamix canceled sequel plans and sold the "Riftwar" rights back to Raymond Feist due to poor floppy disc sales of "Betrayal at Krondor", but after the game's re-release on CD-ROM sold exceptionally well, the company wanted to do a sequel. It thus attempted to create a game which evoked a very similar feel to "Betrayal at Krondor" without using the same game world. To create the backgrounds, the development team took photos of different landscapes, then touched them up with 3D tools to make them appear like paintings.

7th Level announced their fully licensed sequel to "Betrayal at Krondor", "Return to Krondor", just a few weeks after "Betrayal in Antara" was announced.

Between January 1998 and July 1998 alone, "Betrayal in Antara" sold 52,309 copies and earned $674,058 in the United States.

"Next Generation" rating the game three stars out of five, and stated that ""Krondor" was an excellent game, and "Antara" succeeds it in the fashion of "Doom II". Not too much has been added, but a great game like "Krondor" doesn't need too many new features."

"GameSpot" gave "Betrayal in Antara" a score of 6.6/10, commenting that despite being "one of the first RPGs to utilize high-resolution SVGA graphics, the graphics are, frankly, as ugly as an orc." Although they said the story is well-developed, they judged the game "perhaps one of the most linear RPGs ever made" with the gameplay "more than a little frustrating." However, they praised the interface and skill systems as being "topnotch."



</doc>
<doc id="2127396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2127396" title="Full Tilt! Pinball">
Full Tilt! Pinball

Full Tilt! Pinball is a pinball video game developed by Cinematronics and published by Maxis in 1995. It features pre-rendered 3D graphics and three tables — "Space Cadet", "Skulduggery", and "Dragon's Keep". On each table, there are displays on the side that show the players' score, ball number, player number, a display for various information and a table-specific image.

The "Space Cadet" table features the player as a member of a space fleet that completes missions to increase rank. Players can attain nine different ranks (listed from lowest to highest): Cadet, Ensign, Lieutenant, Captain, Lieutenant Commander, Commander, Commodore, Admiral, and Fleet Admiral. Players accept a mission by hitting "mission targets" which select which mission they will take, and by going up the "launch ramp". Each mission has a set number of things for players to do, such as hitting the "attack bumpers" (which are a set of four bumpers at the top of the table) eight times (this is the "target practice" mission). Some missions involve a number of steps which must be completed in sequence. Missions end either by being completed, or by being aborted due to running out of "fuel", as indicated by the lights in the passage that passes under the launch ramp. The "fuel" lights go out one by one at a time interval, and can be re-lit by having the ball go over them, or all at once by going up the launch ramp again. Upon completing a mission, some of the blue lights in a circle in the middle of the table turn on. When all of the lights in the blue circle turn on, the player's rank increases, and a light in the orange circle turns on.

The "Skulduggery" table features a treasure hunt where the player must find Peg Leg's loot. The player can accomplish that two ways: either by piecing together a treasure map or by activating and completing a series of mini-games on the table called modes. Modes are like missions and quests of the other two tables. They are all pirate themed mini-games, such as ship battle, tavern fight, escape Bermuda Triangle, mutiny, and sword fight.

The "Dragon's Keep" table features a fantasy environment where players must accomplish various quests, leading to the slaying of a dragon. The quests include Dragon Hoard (steal the hoard), Fire Lizard Attack (defeat the fire lizard), Rescue Maiden (rescue the damsel in distress), Dragon Pass (find the path to dragon's lair), Wizard's Fury, and Slay Dragon. The player can acquire awards such as spells, weapons, and armors. While weapons simply add points to the score, armors and spells temporarily turn on various gates, magnets, and chutes on the table to change the gameplay.

Elements from each of the three tables were elected for representation by Maxis in the illustration for the box art by Marc Ericksen, creating a montage below a hurtling Pinball.

3D Pinball for Windows – Space Cadet is a version of the Space Cadet table bundled with Microsoft Windows. It was originally packaged with Microsoft Plus! 95 and later included in Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, Windows ME, and Windows XP. This version of Pinball, developed by David Plummer at Microsoft, was essentially a rewrite of the game using the original art, developed in C for cross-platform support because Windows NT supported RISC processors and prior versions of the game contained x86 assembly language. The Windows 98 installation CD has instructions on installing Pinball 3D on this version of Windows which are partly wrong; Microsoft later issued an updated support article. Windows XP was the last client release of Windows to include this game.

The look and feel of "Full Tilt! Pinball" and "3D Pinball" are similar, with a few exceptions: The latter contains only the "Space Cadet" table and only supports 640×480 pixel resolution, while the former supports three different resolutions up to 1024×768 pixels. The image on the side is a two-dimensional image as opposed to pre-rendered 3D. The words "Maxis" and "Cinematronics" have been changed from the yellow to a dark red, making them harder to see. It sports a splash screen that merely says "3D Pinball" and shows a small pinball graphic with faded edges. Music is not enabled by default in "3D Pinball". It has fewer soundtracks that are inspired by the original game.

There are only a few minor differences between the gameplay of the two versions. The completion of a mission in the Maxis version results in a replay — actually a ball save, rather than a special — being awarded. In addition, hitting a wormhole that has the same color light locks the ball, which if done repeatedly activates the multi-ball round. This is not the case in "3D Pinball": Completing a mission merely awards bonus points and hitting a wormhole in the above circumstances awards a replay. Also, the three yellow lights above the bumpers (both in the launch ramp and in the upper table zone) act differently: In "3D Pinball" these are turned off if the ball passes on them while they are on. This is not the case in the original game, where they just remain activated.

"3D Pinball for Windows – Space Cadet" was removed from later releases of Windows due to a collision detection bug in the 64-bit version of the game that Microsoft was not able to resolve in time for the release of Windows Vista.

"Full Tilt! Pinball 2" was released in 1996 and features three new tables: "Mad Scientist", "Alien Daze" and "Captain Hero".

Reviewing the Windows version, a reviewer for "Next Generation" said that while the "Space Cadet" table is fairly good, the other two tables suffer from cluttered graphics and weak ball physics, making them "incredibly difficult to follow." He gave it two out of five stars.

On September 4, 2015, when a passenger attempted to take out a ticket, it was found out that the ticketing machine were displaying screens of the "Full Tilt! Pinball" game. This incident sparked immediate controversy among train lovers, dubbing Chuzhou North Railway Station as "Pinball North". In response, such games were cleaned from the operating systems.



</doc>
<doc id="2128933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2128933" title="Earth 2160">
Earth 2160

Earth 2160 is a real time strategy video game, developed by Reality Pump Studios. A third entry in the "Earth" series, it is a direct sequel to "Earth 2150". The release of the game was staggered, originally published in Russia, Germany, and Poland in June 2005, it was then released in the rest of Europe in September 2005 with North America receiving the latest release of the game November 2005. It was also released on Valve's Steam platform in April 2006, and later from Good Old Games in 2009. The game continues the dystopic themes of the previous "Earth" games, and is set in numerous locales throughout the solar system.

In "Earth 2150" the three factions of the United Civilised States (UCS), the Eurasian Dynasty (ED) and the Lunar Corporation (LC) raced to build starships and evacuate the Earth before it became uninhabitable. All three factions succeeded and sent ships to Mars, however, the UCS colony ship inexplicably disappeared en route. Both the ED and LC set about the difficult and lengthy task of terraforming Mars independently of one another, and also set up outposts on the outer planets and moons.

In "Earth 2160" the player initially takes the perspective of Major Michael Falkner of the ED forces. Falkner completes various missions for his (obviously unethical) ED superiors, largely against the LC, until he is sent to investigate a biological research operation that has gone silent. Upon reaching it an insectoid alien race is found, which then becomes the primary antagonist. At the end of the ED campaign, Falkner is betrayed by his superiors, who fear his idealism and imprisoned.

The game then shifts to the perspective of Commander Heldin Ariah, an LC commander who has gone rogue, and the player begins commanding LC units. The aliens are revealed to be the "Morphidians", and that the scientist who was studying them, Van Troff, has biologically altered himself to become their leader in an attempt to conquer the solar system. Ariah frees Falkner from imprisonment, and they discover the lost UCS colony ship the "Phoenix" and ally with its artificial intelligence.

The player then switches to controlling UCS units. The player discovers an interstellar gateway and explores another solar system with a habitable planet, "Eden". They discover the origin of the Morphidians - they were constructed by a race called "The Builders" as a bioweapon. After some time opposing the aliens, they ambush Falkner, capturing and subverting him.

The player then switches to the perspective of Falkner, biologically altered by Van Troff to serve him, commanding Morphidian units against his former allies. After several successes, Falkner is commanded to kill unarmed civilians, and he refuses, breaking Van Troff's control. Falkner turns his Morphidian units against Van Troff, and with the assistance of Ariah and the "Phoenix's" AI kills him and ends the threat to humanity.

An "agent" system allows factions to hire freelance persons each with their own specific abilities. Some assist scientific research, others in reconnaissance, resource harvesting and so forth. Each recalls his previous contracts, this affects price. Further, they have an attitude towards their fellow agents, ranging from love to resentment. Research plays a major part in Earth 2160, and factions can choose numerous technologies to research, often at the same time. Research centers are still prevalent, and the number constructed will have an effect on the speed of research. "Earth 2160" uses modular construction, in which buildings and units can be constructed from a wide assortment of basic parts. The game economy is based upon three material types: Water, Metal, and Crystals.

A total of ten skirmish maps and four multiplayer modes exist. Players also have the option to save their multiplayer games to finish at a later date. The multiplayer servers are hosted from EarthNet, and a ladder and league is included. A maximum of eight players may join a game. Spectator mode and Replays are also included. There is also an option to join a running game, which many real-time strategy games don't have.

Development of EarthNet 2, which was meant to replace the old EarthNet after release, was stopped mid-2006. This caused enragement among the community as it was perceived that ZuxxeZ blamed the community for the failure of its development, as it was being developed with members of the community. In addition, ZuxxeZ considered the multiplayer feature of Earth 2160 unimportant, as only 10% of all users of Earth 2160 ever went online with it.

Earth-4 is the graphics engine used in "Earth 2160". It is a 3D engine developed to make a highly detailed environment and AI. It also has a hardware version that supports pyrotechnic and lighting effects. It was developed by Mariusz Szaflik. Retrieved September 9, 2006</ref>

The game uses the Earth-4 engine, which uses a T&L rendering module supporting pixel shading and bone calculation direct to ones graphics card. Bump mapping, lighting effects and detailed units are also present.

The game uses an AI system which employs linear back framing algorithms to learn from its mistakes and become increasingly competent in battle as the game progresses.

In 2005 Zuxxez Entertainment hired law firm Schutt-Waetke to charge more than 18,000 German filesharers for copyright violation. Fines between 150 and 650 Euros were levied. The producer Dirk Hassinger had noticed there were far more players on the online game server than registered buyers (all the game's copy protection systems had been hacked and a small program was automatically generating serial numbers), leading him to start monitoring the filesharing networks for illegal shares. The Swiss firm Logistep offered him a package that would gather data valid for legal actions and automatically generate the charges ready for digital submission to the court in Karlsruhe. Two weeks later Hassinger's lawyer submitted one CD-ROM containing 13,700 charges to the court, each one also printed as a courtesy. By post each defendant received an offer: pay 50 Euros and the case would be dropped. Hassinger's lawyers also sent demands that each downloader sign an undertaking to never again share copyrighted software, plus an invoice for 200 to 500 Euros.



</doc>
<doc id="2129423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2129423" title="Enigmo">
Enigmo

Enigmo and Enigmo 2 are respectively 2.5D and 3D arcade-style computer games for Windows, Mac OS 9, Mac OS X, iOS and PlayStation Minis developed by Pangea Software. They both involve moving certain substances into their proper containers. The music in both games was recorded by Michael Beckett.

Enigmo was created in 2003 by Pangea Software and was their most successful game ever sold at the time. The graphics are three-dimensional, in a sense; but gameplay is strictly limited to the horizontal and vertical axes. Liquids (water, oil, and lava) fall from "droppers" and will bounce around the walls of a mechanism. Gameplay consists of manipulating a limited number of dynamic items (such as bumpers, sliders, accelerators, and sponges) to affect various streams of flowing liquid so that the droplets reach their destination: "tanks" specific for each liquid. The player wins the level when all tanks on the level are filled with 50 drops of the appropriate liquid. In addition to the pre-designed levels, players can create their own using the game's built-in editor and download others for free off of the Pangea website.

In 2004, Aspyr Media ported a 2003 release of Enigmo to the Windows Mobile platform. This version was included with the Dell Axim x50v model PDA; the software is available for purchase from Dell and appears to be limited to the x50v model.

In January 2011, a version of Enigmo is set to be released in the PlayStation Store as a PSP Mini. It will be developed and published by Beatshapers.

In May 2011, a version of Enigmo was released for Windows Phone 7.

Enigmo 2 was introduced in February 2006, and expands upon the basic principles set down by the original. Water is still a substance that can be manipulated, but lava and oil were swapped for laser beams and plasma particles. The game adds the dimension of depth to gameplay, and many solutions involving rotating the camera or objects in three dimensions. The graphics were also improved. The game takes place in outer space, specifically near Earth, Mars, Saturn, and asteroids, but gravity functions as it would on earth. Like the original, each container must have 50 units to be considered "full". When all containers are simultaneously full (they lose their contents over time), the player wins the level.

During WWDC 2008, it was announced that an iOS version of Enigmo was in development and would be available for purchase for the price of US$9.99 at the launch of the App Store. The game makes use of the iPhone's multi touch interface and is controlled entirely via touch. Players can use the swiping and pinching actions to zoom and pan and use their fingers to position the puzzle pieces. The game has been a success; it was voted the "Best iPhone Game" at WWDC '08 and has been met with very positive reviews in the App Store. Originally including only 50 levels, Enigmo has been updated to allow user designed levels created on the desktop versions of the game; the price was dropped to US$4.99 at that time. It was then dropped to US$1.99 on October 8, 2008 and later to US$0.99 for Black Friday. It is currently on sale for $0.99.
Enigmo for iPhone and iPod Touch are now available in Dutch, German, Spanish, Japanese, Italian, and French. JR Language Translations provided the localisation of the game to Pangea Software.

On September 2, 2009, Pangea Software released Enigmo 2 for the iPhone. It is very similar to the Macintosh version, although it uses multi-touch to control. On September 24, it was updated to support the Retina Display and the iPad. it costs $2.99 and is available from the App Store.



</doc>
<doc id="2144968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2144968" title="Cube 2: Sauerbraten">
Cube 2: Sauerbraten

Cube 2: Sauerbraten (German for "sour roast", also known as "Sauer") is a cross-platform, "Quake"-like first-person shooter that runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and Mac OS X using OpenGL and SDL. The game features single-player and multiplayer gameplay and contains an in-game level editor. The game engine is free and open-source software, under the zlib License, with commercial support available from the developer's business counterpart, Dot3 Labs. The game media is released under various non-free licenses. The aim of the project is not to produce the most features and highest-quality graphics possible, but rather to allow map-editing to be done in real-time within the game, while keeping the engine source code small and elegant.

The game has singleplayer and multiplayer modes. Multiplayer functionality is possible with LAN, local, and online play. The Online play gets its server listings from a master server. Offered gameplay modes are Free-For-All (deathmatch), Capture (where teams fight for control of points on the map, all weapons allowed), Capture the Flag (two teams fight to capture the other's flag and return it to their base), Teamplay (defeat the other team's players to score points for your team), Tactics (FFA, but players spawn with random equipment), Efficiency (FFA, but players spawn with all equipment) InstaHold, where two teams have to possess a single flag for a minimum of 20 seconds to score points; Collect (kill enemy players and collect their skulls, which then have to be returned to the home base), and Protect (teams try to touch each other's flag). Instagib (rifles only, 99 pieces of ammo, one shot kill, no pick-ups), regenerative weapons, and Teamplay versions of some of the game modes are available, as well as online cooperative map editing—one of "Cube 2"'s most interesting and popular features. There are also single-player modes featuring both episodic gameplay and deathmatches on multiplayer maps with AI bots instead of human opponents.

Cube 2: Sauerbraten started as a redesign of the original "Cube" game engine. 

The "Cube 2: Sauerbraten" engine is written in C++ and OpenGL. "Cube 2: Sauerbraten" shares most of its design goals and philosophy with its predecessor, but using a new 6-directional heightfield (or octree) world model. 

Its first, developer-only, release was made on February 27, 2004. 

One of the latest releases, dubbed the "Justice Edition", debuted on July 19, 2010, adding two new player models, thirty new user-created maps, several new game modes, including Efficiency CTF, Efficiency Hold, Efficiency Protect, Hold, and InstaHold; a mini-map, clock, and crosshairs, among various other things. The latest release is called "Collect Edition" and was released on January 4, 2013.

Tesseract is both an improved version of the Cube 2 game engine and is also a fork from the "Cube 2 Sauerbraten" game. The game offers better graphics, but has higher system requirements.

Inexor is a fork of Cube 2 intended to add more functionality. Eventually, it hopes to replace Sauerbraten.

Red Eclipse was a fork of Cube 2 with improvements to the engine featuring a different gameplay. With version 2.0 it has been ported to the Tesseract engine.

In 2012 a Mozilla researcher, Alon Zakai, created a browser based demo called BananaBread by using Emscripten to port the C++ code into JavaScript and WebGL.

"Cube 2"'s rendering engine is designed around modern graphics processing units, which perform best with huge batches of geometry already stored in video memory. Lighting is precomputed into lightmaps—image files that correspond to geometry as textures—for efficient batching, with an additional stored directional component, that allows for efficient shader-based lighting effects. The original "Cube" engine's rendering engine assumed that overdraw (where polygons that do not appear in the final scene are occluded via the z-buffer) was more processor-intensive than sending new streams of triangles to the graphics processing every frame, which vastly limited its performance on more modern hardware where memory bandwidth is a greater limiting factor. The most recent releases (starting with "CTF Edition") support a precomputed visibility system (PVS) for graphics cards that do not support hardware occlusion.

"Cube 2: Sauerbraten" uses a 6-directional heightfield (or octree) world model. An octree, in Sauerbraten, is a cube that can be split into eight smaller cubes; those smaller cubes are also octrees, and can be subdivided further. This allows much more complex level geometry and easier editing.

Each cube-shaped node in the octree represents a renderable volume, or a type of Marching cube, which are referred to as a "cube", where each edge of this cube can be lengthened or shortened to deform the cube into a variety of other shapes. Corners of cubes can also be "pushed" or "pulled" to create crude curves. The what you see is what you get realtime editing has enabled level designers to add a lot of detail to maps, while reducing the time spent on actual creation. This is in contrast to traditional modern polygon soup 3D engines which take a model generated as an essentially random batch of triangles from an external modelling program and attempt to spatially subdivide the model's triangles after the fact by splitting them to fit into tree structures, such as a BSP tree or even an octree, that require costly pre-processing to build. "Cube 2"'s novelty thus lies in that the world representation is the octree, or Marching cubes, structure itself, from which efficient triangle batches are generated for the graphics processing unit to render, without need for expensive and time-consuming pre-processing.

The game has been shown in a Burger King television commercial. It also received four out of five stars in a MacWorld UK review and was mentioned in Issue 3 of "" (as well as their "101 Free Games" article), where it was described as being "perfect for both stingy and creative gamers alike".

The "CTF Edition" was reviewed positively by Phoronix, a Linux-focused hardware and software review website, as well as Linux.com, a website providing news related to free and open-source software.

The game was quite popular; between 2004 and May 2017 the game was downloaded alone from Sourceforge.net over 5.3 million times.




</doc>
<doc id="2145860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2145860" title="Lords of EverQuest">
Lords of EverQuest

Lords of EverQuest is a 3D fantasy real-time strategy game released in December 2003. It was developed by the short-lived startup company Rapid Eye Entertainment and published by Sony Online Entertainment (SOE). SOE distributes "Lords of EverQuest".

Unlike the original "EverQuest", "Lords of EverQuest" is fundamentally a single player game, and after the initial payment for the software, does not require a recurring monthly fee in order to play.

The game received "mixed" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. IGN reviewer Tom McNamara praised its multiplayer experience, but overall considered the game mediocre and decried it for focusing heavily on uninteresting combat fueled by only a single resource. The developer, Rapid Eye Entertainment, closed down after the release of the game.


</doc>
<doc id="2145946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2145946" title="GameTap">
GameTap

GameTap was an online video game service established by Turner Broadcasting System (TBS). Dubbed by TBS as a "first of its kind broadband gaming network", the service provided users with classic arcade video games and game-related video content. The service was acquired by French online video game service Metaboli in 2008 as a wholly owned subsidiary aiming to create a global games service.

GameTap was conceived primarily as an online subscription rental service, competing against mail-based services like GameFly. GameTap offered two subscription levels: a Premium subscription with access to the entire content library, and a Classic subscription with access to older console and arcade games running in emulation. GameTap also sold games via the online distribution method. GameTap initially offered a limited selection of games for free play without a subscription, but this option has been discontinued.

Originally, GameTap was designed to offer not only video games, but a complete media hub (GameTap TV), taking advantage of the TBS catalog as well as offering original video content, including the animated series "" and new episodes of "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". GameTap TV has since been discontinued.

Most multiplayer games can be played by two users on the same computer while many others not originally intended to be played outside of a LAN may be played over the internet by using a VPN client such as Hamachi. A limited number of games have been enhanced with an online leaderboard and challenge lobby, adding internet multiplayer to games that previously could only be played face to face. Every Monday GameTap holds a leaderboard tournament with a different game each week.

GameTap has funded the development of a number of titles, with the games subsequently premiering as GameTap exclusives. Such games include "Sam & Max Season One" and "".

On February 7, 2007, GameTap announced their third original game, "", from independent developer 3000AD. The four-part episodic game is a space combat title formerly planned for launch in the Summer of 2007. However, it suffered from constant delays, and in early 2008, GameTap announced that it had canceled its deal with 3000AD. "It was a good game, it was very solid, but as we were going through, it ended up not being the right title for our audience," says Ricardo Sanchez. "It was a tough call. I think it’s one of the strongest games [Derek] ever made. We put a lot of effort into it...I honestly think it's one of Derek’s strongest games."

On May 15, 2007, "PC Gamer" magazine premiered the first look at GameTap's newest original game, "American McGee's Grimm", a 24 part episodic series by game designer American McGee.

GameTap launched on October 17, 2005 with over 300 games and had grown to over 1,000. The service was the idea of Turner employee Blake Lewin. The initial list of game licensees included Activision, Atari, Intellivision Lives!, Midway, Namco, Sega, and Taito. After its inception, more companies licensed their software, including: Eidos Interactive, G-Mode, Ubisoft, Codemasters, Vivendi Games, Konami, Electronic Arts, Capcom, Take-Two Interactive, Interplay and SNK Playmore.

On 1 May 2007, GameTap revised its business model to utilize three different service levels: Visitor, Green, and Gold. The Visitor and Green levels were free, had access to a limited selection of games, and were supported by advertising. Green members registered with the site and received access to a few more games. Gold members were essentially identical to paid subscribers as before.

On November 29, 2007, GameTap announced that as of December 11, over 70 games would be removed from their catalog, many of them Electronic Arts or Interplay titles, likely due to expiration of the two-year licensing agreement with those companies.

On January 10, 2008 a GameTap staff member announced the return of the Humongous Games license which restored popular games such as the likes of "Putt Putt" and "Pajama Sam" back to the library.

On August 6, 2008, Turner Broadcasting announced they were looking to sell GameTap. On September 24, 2008, Time Warner sold the service to Paris-based Metaboli. Turner continued to handle GameTap's operations during the transition period, which lasted until 2009. After the transition, the service became available to non-US/Canadian residents.

On March 31, 2009, GameTap Player was replaced by the plug-in after saying goodbyes to their players, GameTap's business model was again changed - into a GameTap Plug-In; the service was then handled through the website. The subscription levels were changed to Free Pack (selected handful of games for free), a new Classic Pack (reduced-price version of the full service which does not include Windows games), and Premium Pack (the Gold membership). However, due to technical issues, many features offered previously were disabled during the migration. Users with 64-bit versions of Windows could only play games that are marked as 64-bit compatible. GameTap was working on encrypting the rest of their Windows catalog with Yummy encryption to make them 64-bit compatible.

On October 14, 2010, the American office of Metaboli was shut down and all operations moved to Paris, thus cutting all ties with original Turner employees.

GameTap was criticized for its cancellation process, which required customers to contact live support personnel; such calls were noted by reviewers to be deliberately protracted by support staff in an effort to retain subscribers.



</doc>
<doc id="2146463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146463" title="The King of Fighters '98">
The King of Fighters '98

The King of Fighters '98: The Slugfest, also known in Japan as The King of Fighters '98: Dream Match Never Ends, is a fighting game released by SNK for the Neo Geo arcade and home consoles in 1998. It is the fifth game in "The King of Fighters" series. It was advertised by SNK as a "special edition" of the series, as it featured most of the characters who appeared in the previous games (from "KOF '94" to "'97").

Ports of "KOF '98" were released for the Neo-Geo CD and the PlayStation. A Dreamcast version titled The King of Fighters: Dream Match 1999 was also released, which featured much of the stages remade in 3D. The game was also remade for the PlayStation 2 as The King of Fighters '98: Ultimate Match, which expanded the number of playable characters.

"KOF '98" has been commonly praised by several video game publications as the best "KOF" from the series due to its graphics and gameplay. "Ultimate Match", however, was criticized for how similar it is to "KOF '98".

The gameplay does not differ much from the previous game, "KOF '97". Like in "KOF '97", the player has a choice between two playing styles: Advance and Extra, with a few slight modifications to Advanced mode (unlike in "KOF '97", the character will resume to normal if the player performs a Super Special Move in MAX state). This time when one character loses a round, the losing team is given a handicap in its favor. In Advanced mode, this means that the players stock capacity for Power Gauges is increased by one. In Extra mode, the time it takes to charge ones power gauge to maximum level is shortened, and the maximum remaining health requirement for a MAX Super Special Move is increased.

All the regular characters from the previous game return, along with several characters from preceding installments such as Vice and Mature (Iori's teammates from "KOF '96"), the American Sports Team (Heavy D!, Lucky Glauber, and Brian Battler) from "KOF '94", and the Old Men Team (or Veteran Fighters Team) composed of Heidern, Takuma Sakazaki, and Saisyu Kusanagi, all characters whose last appearances were in "KOF '95". Rugal Bernstein from "KOF '94" also returns as a Team Edit character, with his alter-ego Omega Rugal (the cyborg version of Rugal from "KOF '95") serving as the game's final boss in the Single Player Mode. Shingo Yabuki (who originally appeared in "KOF '97") continues as a Team Edit character, but also appears as a mid-boss character during the Arcade Mode. Additionally, the characters of Kyo Kusanagi, Terry Bogard, Andy Bogard, Joe Higashi, Ryo Sakazaki, Yuri Sakazaki and Robert Garcia are playable with movesets from previous titles of "KOF", while the alternate ones of Mai Shiranui and Billy Kane are based on their moveset from "".

In "The King of Fighters '96", several moves from Kyo Kusanagi were changed in order to adapt him to the new game system. However, the original moveset was still popular between gamers and as such, an alternative version of Kyo was added to "The King of Fighters '97". The introduction of this version was noted to be "a hit" within gamers, the staff kept adding new alternative versions of other characters in "KOF '98". Since this game did not have a storyline, the SNK staff decided to return Rugal Bernstein as the boss character noting that "he's the only character who truly represents the ultimate "KOF" boss." Additionally, some of his special moves were redesigned, which the staff found to have made him the strongest version of Rugal as well as one of their favorites.

"KOF '98" was originally released for arcades on July 23, 1998. It was ported to the Neo Geo AES on September 23, 1998, the Neo-Geo CD on December 23, 1998 and the PlayStation on March 25, 1999. The PlayStation version was published in North America and the PAL region by Agetec, becoming the first PlayStation installment in the series to be released outside Japan since "The King of Fighters '95". A Dreamcast version was also released on June 24, 1999 under the changed title The King of Fighters: Dream Match 1999, reflecting the year the version was released. This game was released in North America on September 30, 1999. The original game is also included in "The King of Fighters Collection: Orochi Saga" compilation released in North America and the PAL region for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and Wii (the game was not included in the Japanese "Orochi Hen" compilation). The game was later re-released for iOS and Android.

"KOF '98" was later remade under the title of "The King of Fighters '98: Ultimate Match" in 2008, ten years after the original games release. It was released in Japan as an arcade game for the Taito Type X hardware on March 2008, with the PlayStation 2 port released on June 26 of the same year. A version for the IGS PolyGame Master 2 hardware was also released in 2009, which was called The King of Fighters '98: Ultimate Match Hero. It was also published on the "NeoGeo Online Collection The Best" on June 18, 2008. The game was released in North America by Ignition Entertainment on March 3, 2009. In the European Union it was released on June 10, 2009.

"Ultimate Match" includes additional characters not featured in the original version of the game, such as Eiji Kisaragi from "KOF '95", along with Kasumi Todoh and the Boss Team (composed of Geese Howard, Wolfgang Krauser, and Mr. Big) from "KOF '96", as well as the boss characters Goenitz and Orochi, essentially including all the characters featured in the "KOF" series prior to "KOF '98". New moves were added to the USA Sports Team to improve their playability, and EX versions of certain characters not featured in the original version were added, including King with her "Art of Fighting 2" moveset, and Ryuji Yamazaki, Blue Mary and Geese Howard with their "Real Bout Fatal Fury 2" moveset. The Orochi versions of Leona and Iori Yagami are also playable, and both also appear as mid-bosses in the Arcade Mode. New stages were added to the game such as China and Hong Kong to show appreciation for "KOF"'s high popularity in such regions; it is also the only fighting game to feature an accurate representation of Saudi Arabia in one stage, as the country was a major market for the NEO GEO line in the early 1990s. A third fighting style is also introduced in addition to Advance and Extra, dubbed "Ultimate" mode. Ultimate mode is a customizable style that allows the player to choose between features from Advance or Extra mode, such as which kind of Power Gauge to use. It also includes a 'Neo Geo' mode, which is a direct port of the original Neo Geo console version.

A mobile game based on "Ultimate Match", called "The King of Fighters '98UM OL", was released by Chinese company Ourpalm for the iOS and Android platforms on July 9, 2016.

A Microsoft Windows port was released on Steam on December 16, 2014, and on GOG.com on June 1, 2018.

During its release week, the Dreamcast port of the game sold 58,354 copies in Japan. As of 2004, the sales increased to 104,049. "Famitsu" magazine scored the Dreamcast port of "KOF '98" a 30 out of 40, and GameRankings gave it a 71% based on a total of 18 reviews.

Various reviewers from video game publications have commented on "KOF '98". While reviewing the compilation "The King of Fighters: The Orochi Saga", Matt Edwards from Eurogamer noted "KOF '98" to be the most enjoyable game from the collection as well as the most famous game from the series "that really made people stand up and take an interest in the series. We'd disagree in favor of some of the later games, but for its time "KOF '98" was reasonably well balanced for a 2D fighter. And there's no denying it was a blast." The game also received praise by 1UP.com writer Richard Li who found it to be the most balanced game from the "KOF" series due to the fact it improved the game mechanics from the previous titles. Jeremy Dunham from IGN gave the game an 8.4, praising, apart from the gameplay and characters, the graphics, the music as well as the backgrounds design added for the Dreamcast version. However, he was disappointed with the lack of story in the game, noting the ones from previous games to be very entertaining. GameSpot's Jeff Gerstmann found it to be one of the best 2D fighting games, noting that although new players may find it hard to play due to the difficulty in executing various special moves and how difficult the opponent AI is. Although Andy Chien from Gaming Age found that the Dreamcast port of the game was well done since it does not have the disadvantages that it had in other consoles, he noted it "could have been a lot better." He also found that the game had a bug when he tried to perform a special move from Mai Shiranui, which unlike the other ports, is very inconsistent.

Tom Russo reviewed the Dreamcast version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "Not bad, but with so many other high-quality fighters available, this one only makes sense for players nostalgic for old NeoGeo fighting games."

GameRankings gave "Ultimate Match" a 77% based on 14 reviews for the PlayStation 2 version and 74% based on 5 reviews for the Xbox 360 version. Metacritic gave it a 73 out of 100 for both the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 versions based on 11 reviews and 4 reviews respectively. Various publications for video games and other media have commented on "Ultimate Match" with IGN writer Ryan Clements giving it a 7.8, saying that probably this game should only be recommended to fans of "The King of Fighters" due to how old its graphics are as well as the little balance it has with 60 characters being playable. James Mielke from 1UP.com complained on how the game is very similar to "KOF '98", but found the controls to be comfortable and intuitive for any fans of 2D fighting games. However, Heath Hooker from GameZone found that the gameplay and sound from the game make up for the graphics even though there is not much difference between "KOF '98" and "KOF '98: Ultimate Match". In 2013, "KOF '98 Ultimate Match" was ranked as the 15th best arcade game of the 1990s by "Complex", who also called it "possibly the greatest SNK fighting game of them all," and included it on their list of 25 best 2D fighting games of all time in 2013.

In 2017, the Chinese mobile game "King of Fighters '98UM OL" grossed () in Japan.



</doc>
<doc id="2146496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146496" title="Madden NFL 98">
Madden NFL 98

Madden NFL 98 is a 1997 football video game. It features John Madden on the cover. It was the last version of the "Madden" series to be released for the Super NES, Genesis and Sega Saturn platforms, as well as the last Madden game to utilize the 2D sprites for the players and referee, on 3D playing fields.

The Green Bay Packers had the best team overall in the game with a 95. The worst team overall was the Baltimore Ravens with a score of 71. A 3 way tie between the Dallas Cowboys, the New England Patriots and the Green Bay Packers for the best offense with a perfect score of 100. There is also a 3 way tie for the best defense in the game between the San Francisco 49ers, the Seattle Seahawks and the Green Bay Packers with a score of 97. The San Diego Chargers had the best special teams in the game with a score of 96.

Publisher EA Sports licensed the Super NES and Genesis versions of the game to THQ, who published it for those platforms.

"Madden NFL 98" introduced touch passing to the series, which allows players to control the speed of a pass by how hard they push the button. Control can be switched to any football player at any time.

In response to a longstanding criticism of the "Madden" series, that the AI is too vulnerable, the development team made improving the AI their main emphasis with "Madden NFL 98". The AI architects dubbed their new system "Liquid AI". A version for the Panasonic M2 was in the works, but never released due to the system's cancellation. A version for the Game.com was also planned, with Tiger Electronics as the developer, though Tiger producer Allen Richardson admitted that the game would be difficult to do on the Game.com due to the 16 megabit size of the cartridges.

"Madden NFL 98" was positively received, with the overwhelming majority of critics agreeing that the new "liquid AI" had eliminated the longstanding "Madden NFL" series problem of "money plays" that could be used to successfully run the ball in any situation, making the game more challenging and the final scores more comparable to those of real football games. Kraig Kujawa of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" called it "the smartest football game I've played", and Gary Cutlack of "Sega Saturn Magazine" said the new AI "Makes the game a lot harder, but a well earned victory is much more satisfying, don't you think?" "Next Generation" dissented with the majority, contending that while the AI was improved from the previous installment of the series, they had managed to find some "money plays". However, other aspects of the game were widely praised as well, particularly the lively audio commentary, realistic animations, and wide selection of options. Several reviewers made particular mention of the new "fantasy draft" option.

By far the largest source of criticism was the use of sprite-based rather than polygon-based players. While full polygonal football video games were unexplored territory (the first fully polygonal football game, "NFL GameDay 98", was released the same month as "Madden NFL 98", and "GameSpot" acknowledged that polygonal graphics are a much greater drain on processing power in football games than other genres, due to the large number of players), most critics felt that the "Madden" series, as the leader in the football genre, should have advanced into it by this time. "Next Generation" in particular felt that the "Madden" series had unequivocally been dethroned by its failure to beat "NFL GameDay" to fully polygonal graphics, concluding that "despite some problems, at least the gameplay is solid – a distinct improvement over last year. However, it's too little too late, and stacked against the jaw-dropping "GameDay", good is no longer good enough." "GameSpot" countered that "Although some might scoff at "Madden 98" not using polygons like its chief competitor "GameDay 98", these player sprites are well animated and detailed.", and pointed out several impressive graphical features accomplished with the sprites. Arguing that the excellent gameplay and AI outweigh the graphical shortcomings, Kujawa deemed "Madden NFL 98" "the best PlayStation football game", while his co-reviewer Dean Hager, like "Next Generation", held that "GameDay 98" had edged it out with its polygonal players.

While most reviewers did not compare versions, "GamePro" noted that the Saturn version has greater pixelation than the PlayStation version and uses an antiquated "gliding sprites" method of animation. Despite this, the Saturn's much smaller library of football games (Sega's only answer to Sony's "NFL GameDay" was the critically panned "NFL '97") left critics with few reservations about declaring the Saturn version of "Madden NFL '98" the best football game on the system.


</doc>
<doc id="2146505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146505" title="The Corporate Machine">
The Corporate Machine

The Corporate Machine (known in Europe as Business Tycoon) is a strategy computer game from Stardock in which the goal is to create a corporation in one of four industries (automobiles, aircraft, computers, or soft drinks) and eventually dominate rival companies. To win the player must dominate the chosen market (getting 55% to 65% of the market share depending on the number of opponents). The Corporate Machine is a follow up to the game Business Tycoon, which was itself a sequel to the game Entrepreneur, all developed by Stardock.

When starting a game, the player picks a company specialty. Three specialties are available: marketing, labor and research. Each specialty doubles productivity in that area. After picking a specialty, the start screen allows choice of how many opponents to be faced, the difficulty of the game, what map will be used (both real and fictional maps are available), starting funds, and what industry is to be competed in.

The game is started at the home site (which is randomly chosen on the map) and with one sales executive. To introduce and sell the product to other regions, the region must be investigated. This process can take from 3 to 10 weeks depending on how far they are from the sites. After an area is explored, the player will know the market leader, if opponents have sites or units there, if the region has a resource, as well as statistics like what the targeted area desires in a product, their concerns with price, and how rich the region is.

The sales executives increase market penetration (the percentage of stores carrying the product) in their regions and all regions up to two spaces away from each executive. The sales executive can be moved around the map freely by plane; however, while in transit he will not grant any penetration benefit. To gain more sales executives the profit must be increased to a certain level by the end of a year. This gets harder later on as the amount to gain a new executive increases. It is also possible to get them through the use of Direct Action Cards.

These places are the player's base of operations. Manufacturing, research, and marketing buildings can be built and upgraded. Additional sites can be purchased but they become progressively more expensive. On the player's first site there will be a sales office and a garage, but every site after will only have a sales office and everything else has to be built. Other buildings include an intelligence facility, which will generate and display information in the form of graphs. Company stores can be built at any site to decrease employee expenses (and therefore lower employee cost).

To get better performance a training center will increase employee efficiency. Employee happiness becomes a factor as well, as an unhappy employee's performance will suffer, so a recreation center will boost morale. If market leadership is lost in an area where a site is, the employees' morale will drop sharply. Marketing, manufacturing, and researching buildings can be accessed in order to make adjustments to the multiple operations within the company. Sales buildings act similarly to sales executives that cannot be moved from region to region.

When a marketing building is built, it will be possible to hire and fire marketers. Marketing associates can be used to create marketing campaigns. As campaigns are created, marketing associate availability drops and the player is forced to build more marketing buildings in order to have more campaigns. These buildings can be upgraded to have more employees and to have more powerful marketing campaigns. Positive campaigns will boost the qualities of the player's product, or negative marketing campaigns to decrease the appeal of an opponents product. For media, there are advertisements to print, and radio and television campaigns. Marketing campaigns can be moved from region to region similarly to a sales executive.

Starting with a simple garage, the player can upgrade to factories. Larger factories, and hire of additional employees, increase efficiency. Employees can be hired or fired as demand rises or falls. The production screen is where the price of the product is set. If the product is better compared to other companies then an overcharge can be made. The price should not be raised too far as demand will drop quickly if there are different companies in the same area and market leadership could be lost.

This is where scientists develop new technologies to upgrade the product. The bigger the research building, the more scientists can be hired. Four projects can be queued so the player does not have to constantly have to come back to the screen and choose new technologies. Different projects also give different bonuses, such as decreasing the cost to manufacture or increase the appeal to consumers.

Different regions may or may not have a resource in them. There are five resource types: Labor, Government, Intelligence, Marketing, and Underworld. Every year that a region is controlled that has a resource is one resource point. Having resource points allows the play of direct action cards.

The game is started with two cards and an additional card is received every year. Direct action cards cost resources, and may have a monetary cost in addition. Cards have effects such as receiving money from the government, a research boon, revealing large blocks of regions, twisting the desires of consumers, physical destruction of competitors assets, cutting costs through illegal activities, and publicity boosts. The direct action card system has been likened to the card game .

The Corporate Machine’s popularity has decreased over the years since the game was first introduced. Recently a fan of the game (known as Money) has tried to reunite the TCM community by creating a forum, tutorials, help, and support.

The problem that the community is facing is that Stardock's TCM server (which allows users to play online) is down often, disabling internet play.

The community is considering creating a new, more reliable server on which to play (see external links).

The game received "favorable" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="2146543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146543" title="NBA Live 98">
NBA Live 98

NBA Live 98 is a basketball video game based on the National Basketball Association and the fourth installment of the "NBA Live" series. The cover features Tim Hardaway of the Miami Heat. The game was developed by EA Sports and released on November 30, 1997 for the PlayStation, October 31, 1997 for the PC and December 31, 1997 for the Sega Saturn. It was the final version of NBA Live released for the Super NES, Genesis and Sega Saturn.

The game introduced various innovations to the series, including the now standard feature of passing to any teammate with a single button press. The game also made various graphical improvements, with new player models and faces modeled after actual player photographs. The PC version introduced support for 3D acceleration, utilizing 3dfx's Glide API. The PlayStation, PC and Saturn versions have Ernie Johnson as studio announcer and TNT/TBS color analyst Verne Lundquist doing play-by-play commentary. However, the Saturn version does not include play-by-play commentary. "NBA Live 98" is followed by "NBA Live 99".

The game features rosters from the 1997–98 NBA season. New features include the "Total Control" system, that allows players to choose between a dunk or layup or pass to any teammate with the press of a button. "Tight" player moves allow players to spin, crossover, back down, ball fake and more on command. Player lock lets players always control a specified player on court.

Though playing during the 1997–98 season, Chicago Bulls superstar Michael Jordan is not featured in the game. (This was because Jordan was not part of the National Basketball Players Association and at the time the cost of licensing his individual name and likeness for video games was approximately $15 million a year, beyond the total budget of most video games.) Jordan is replaced by the fictional "Roster Player" in the Bulls lineup. However, Charles Barkley made his first appearance in Live 98 as a member of the Houston Rockets.

The motion capture of the game was done by NBA players Tim Hardaway, Mitch Richmond, Larry Johnson, Joe Dumars and Christian Laettner.

Various new modes were introduced. A new GM Mode lets players choose franchises, draft players and play custom seasons. The game also features the Three-Point Shootout, which could be played using full or split screen. Four difficulty levels are available, including a new Superstar difficulty level, along with improved AI with smarter players and more accurate stats.

With the introduction of 3D players, courts, and jerseys came an opportunity to patch and update these aspects of the game. Programs such as the EA Graphics Editor allowed patchers to update almost every visual aspect of the game with ease. This greatly improved gameplay and sold more NBA live games than any before it.

"NBA Live 98" was a runner-up for "Computer Gaming World"s 1997 "Sports Game of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "Baseball Mogul" and "CART Precision Racing" (tie). The editors called "NBA Live 98" "the latest and best [...] in EA's awesome action-oriented" series.



</doc>
<doc id="2146556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146556" title="V-Rally 2">
V-Rally 2

V-Rally 2 (Need for Speed: V-Rally 2 in North America for the PlayStation version and Test Drive V-Rally in North America for the Dreamcast version) is a racing video game developed by Eden Studios and published by Infogrames for PlayStation, Dreamcast and Microsoft Windows.

The game features rally cars that competed in the 1999 World Rally Championship season. There are 26 cars in Championship Edition and 27 in Expert Edition. There are over 80 original tracks which represent all of the rallies of the 1999 season, excluding Greece and Safari. The game modes include a time trial mode, an arcade mode which follows the traditional style of arcade games, V-Rally Trophy where the player completes against 3 AI opponents to see who can get the least time in all of the rallies. The championship mode follows the actual example of rallying with different stages in the rallies featured in the game. V-Rally Trophy and Championship Mode feature 3 distinct championships: European, World and Expert.

Weather conditions like snow, rain, and rallying in daytime, sunset and night are included.

The racing tracks are essentially stored as curved lines in 3D space. Instead of designing and storing the entire track environment as a 3D model, the game engine generates each track segment based on the 3D line and several parameters, such as track theme, weather, incline/decline, degree of curvature etc.

There is also a track editor where the player can design their own rally tracks. There is Multiplayer mode which supports up to 4 Players. The PlayStation version of the game features support for DualShock analog controllers and Namco's neGcon and Jogcon racing controllers.

Max Everingham reviewed the PlayStation version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "It looks good, it plays fine, and it has a lot of tracks. Only a few annoying quirks keep it from really flying."

The Dreamcast version received "favourable" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, where the PlayStation version was ported for release under the name and published by Spike on 27 January 2000, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 27 out of 40.

Jim Preston reviewed the Dreamcast version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "A colorful, fun, and realistic driving sim."


</doc>
<doc id="2146577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2146577" title="Rayman Brain Games">
Rayman Brain Games

Rayman Brain Games aka Rayman Junior is an educational video game published and developed by Ubisoft. It is an entry in the "Rayman" series and stars the titular character.

"Rayman Brain Games" is based in the "Rayman" series and stars protagonist Rayman. Other characters featured in the game from the series include Betilla the Fairy and the unnamed Wizard. It features exercises in grammar and mathematics with three difficulty modes for each. It features obstacles, including bottomless pits, enemies, and spikes, which pose a noneducational challenge to the game.

"Rayman Brain Games" has received mixed reception since its release. Writer Bonnie James felt that the game mixed educational elements with gameplay well and that kids who enjoy playing games will enjoy this, though they noted that it requires game playing experience to maximize enjoyment. They went on to praise the game's aesthetic and conceptual variety and the quality of the game's visuals. They felt that the game should have more choice to what players can do from the beginning, comparing the idea to how one can do questions out of order on a test. Writer Jennifer Beam felt that the experience may captivate players, but noted that its learning elements developed too slowly. They also criticized sound issues, which may hamper a child's ability to hear instructions or questions clearly. Active Learning Associates praised it for its addictive, action-oriented gameplay. Writer George Kalmpourtzis noted that the educational approach of "modifying and extending their game mechanisms" that "Rayman Brain Games" takes is a risky one, arguing that such games can result in no educational impact on players. They went on to argue that such a game does not lend itself to being used in classrooms due to being unhelpful as educational games. Writer Andrzej Sitek felt that it was an interesting approach to platform games, commenting on their issues with children's educational video games being unrefined.


</doc>
<doc id="2147042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2147042" title="Madden NFL '96">
Madden NFL '96

Madden NFL '96 is a football video game designed for the 1995 NFL season, licensed by the NFL. The AI has been boosted and can now hurry in two-minute drill situations, spike the ball, and cover the receivers with better efficiency.

It was the last to explicitly be endorsed by the NFL on Fox, although a knock-off/rendition of the NFL on Fox's iconic theme would continue to be used in Madden for several years afterward.

The Create A Player feature was added, which includes many position specific mini-games that determine the ability of the player.

The game also was the first in the Madden series to include secret "classic" teams, which are unlocked by playing any of the 28 pre-expansion NFL franchises in the playoffs and by winning Super Bowl XXX with that team (a rather easy feat as the playoff tournament system allows a player to abort the game while in the lead and still win). The 28 pre-expansion teams are each represented by a classic era equivalent, which range from 1960 (Philadelphia Eagles) to 1986 (New York Giants), although all players on those classic era teams are identified by their squad numbers only. The Jacksonville Jaguars and Carolina Panthers, having debuted in 1995, do not have a secret classic team revealed in this manner, nor do the All-Madden team. However, Carolina is attached to the blank slate NFLPA team used for Create-A-Player, and Jacksonville and All-Madden hide the "superteams" with players named after the developers; these teams are accessed using unstated cheat codes.

"Madden '96", developed by Visual Concepts, was originally planned to be the first NFL game on the PlayStation shortly after the console's launch in 1995. Features were to include customizable playbooks, penalties, weather conditions, and playing surfaces, and commentary from John Madden, Pat Summerall, James Brown, and Lesley Visser.ref></ref> But after several delays, the game was canceled because it did not meet EA's quality assurance standards. Visual Concepts would later go on to make the "NFL 2K" series of games.

The two sports reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave the Genesis version scores of 9.5 and 9.0 out of 10, stating that "EA listened to players and has come up with the best 16-bit football game ever made." They praised the "hard as hell" AI and the addition of speed bursts. A reviewer for "Next Generation" deemed it "a definite improvement from last year's poor effort", citing the more solid player graphics, faster play, and tougher AI. He further remarked that while Sega's "Prime Time NFL" was still the best football video game in single player, "Madden NFL '96" was the best two-player experience. He gave it four out of five stars. Slo Mo of "GamePro" found the AI a somewhat mixed blessing, remarking that "The mean and nasty A.I. will answer the prayers of hardcore Madden players, but it will surely frustrate rookies and bandwagon fans." He also deemed the new Scouting Combine feature "an excellent idea that could nonetheless use some tinkering." However, he praised the rendered character sprites, the widened camera views, and the new moves, and gave the game a recommendation. He judged the SNES version to be superior to the Genesis version due to its faster animation and inclusion of drills specific to each position, and called it "the top-ranked SNES football cart".

"GamePro" panned the Game Boy version in a brief review, stating, "This Madden features no NFL license, old lineups, and none of the improvements made to the '96 SNES version. The small sprites will cause eye strain, player control is difficult, and passes sound like bombs falling from the sky." They made many of the same criticisms of the Game Gear version, which they noted had better control but was still "a below-average attempt to bring football into the handheld arena."



</doc>
<doc id="2148631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2148631" title="Stargunner">
Stargunner

Stargunner is a 1996 horizontal scrolling shooter computer game published by Apogee Software and released for DOS and Windows.

The player controls a craft on a horizontal perspective going to the right. Enemies can approach from in front, from behind, from below or from above. They can be either lone flyers or formation ships. The maps have a linear quality in which enemies and power-ups appear at the same time and the same place, as is common with side-scrolling shooters. Gameplay is notably differentiated by high numbers of enemies and power-ups. 

The game has two separate storylines; those being the one described in the official playing manual included with the CD-ROM copy and the one which is found on the 3D Realms/Apogee website and portrayed in the game itself.

The game was programmed in the C++ language. The artwork was done on a Commodore Amiga computer using Deluxe Paint.

According to David Pevreal Apogee had originally intended to do an Amiga version of the game first and then port it to PC, but those plans were scrapped and only the PC version was released. On June 22, 2005, "Stargunner" was released as freeware.



</doc>
<doc id="2150621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2150621" title="Heroes of Might and Magic V">
Heroes of Might and Magic V

Heroes of Might and Magic V is the fifth installment of the "Heroes of Might and Magic" fantasy turn-based strategy video game series. The game was released by Ubisoft in Europe on May 16, and then in the United States and Canada on May 24, 2006, with the publisher guiding Russian studio Nival Interactive in its development. Following the closure of The 3DO Company, Ubisoft bought the rights to the "Might and Magic" franchise, and used "Heroes V" as a means to reboot the series with a brand-new setting, called Ashan, and no continuity to previous titles.

Like the other games in the series, players take control of "heroes" (leaders with magical abilities) who provide their services for a faction, recruiting an army from settlement strongholds, such as castles, out of various forces (humanoid, undead, monsters, and so forth) and then doing battle against roaming armies, enemy heroes and rival factions. The game features a campaign series that covers six factions from Ashan, along with stand-alone and multiplayer scenarios. Unlike the preceding games in the series, which used 2D computer graphics but with some isometric touches, "Heroes V" was the first to be completely 3D.

A hero can learn a new skill, upgrade an existing one, gain a new ability or create combos of multiple abilities upon gaining a new level or visiting special buildings on the adventure map. There are two sets of skills available to heroes: racial skills and regular skills. A hero can have up to five regular skills and always has the proper racial skill.
Skills are divided into four levels: Basic, Advanced, Expert, and Ultimate. Each skill is associated with three to five abilities, depending on the race of the hero. Each level of skill gives the hero a chance to learn one ability under the skill. That is, a hero with Basic level of a skill can learn one ability, Advanced level two, and Expert level three. An ability is not immediately learned when the hero increases the corresponding skill level.

The racial skill that a hero learns is dependent on their native faction. All heroes from a faction learn the same racial skill and racial abilities. Each racial skill culminates in an 'ultimate ability' that can only be gained by learning a very specific set of regular skills and abilities. In addition to the three levels of skills that apply to regular skills, the racial skill can reach an ultimate level when a certain artifact is worn by the hero.

There are six factions in the game: "Haven", "Inferno", "Necropolis", "Dungeon", "Sylvan" and "Academy". Additionally, the game's expansion packs added the "" and "" alignments.


In August 2003, Ubisoft acquired the rights to the "Might and Magic" franchise for USD$1.3 million after 3DO filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Ubisoft announced their plan to develop the fifth game in the series under the direction of producer Fabrice Cambounet. This news caused controversy as New World Computing under 3DO had already started making the fifth Heroes game. Although Ubisoft gained access to NWC's progress on "Heroes V" (which envisioned it as an isometric 2D game in the "Heroes IV" engine), it was decided to start over and create a completely new 3D game.

The first "Heroes V" expansion pack, called "Hammers of Fate", was released on November 17, 2006 in Europe and November 24, 2006 in North America. It includes a new race, the Dwarves, who have exclusive access to a new kind of magic, known as Rune Magic. Other features include the much-awaited random map generator and the return of the "Heroes IV" caravans. This expansion pack requires the full version of "Heroes of Might and Magic V" to play.

The stand-alone second expansion pack is called "HOMMV: The Tribes of the East" and was released on October 12, 2007 in Europe and on October 19, 2007 in North America. "Tribes of the East" includes the new Stronghold faction, alternate upgrades for all units currently in the game (bringing the total number of creatures to 177), as well as new artifacts and spells.

The critical reaction to the retail version of "Heroes V" has been generally favourable, with an average review score of roughly 77/100 on Metacritic.

"Heroes of Might and Magic V" was a commercial success. Its sales surpassed 350,000 copies by the end of June 2006, and it reached #1 on sales charts in Germany, France and the United Kingdom.

On August 17, 2010, a trailer for "Might & Magic Heroes VI" was released on GameTrailers. The release date was announced as September 8, 2011, but was changed to October 13, 2011.



</doc>
<doc id="2152393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2152393" title="Backyard Soccer MLS Edition">
Backyard Soccer MLS Edition

Backyard Soccer MLS Edition is a children's soccer video game developed by Humongous Entertainment and released in 2000 as part of the Backyard Sports series. Unlike the series' previous game, "Backyard Soccer", this edition was the first to feature Major League Soccer (MLS) teams, including several women from the United States women's national soccer team that won the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. Aimed at children ages 5 to 10, the game includes international soccer players such as the Dallas Burn's Jason Kreis and female player Brandi Chastain, but with the added twist that all the MLS players are drawn as child caricatures in the game. The edition was released for the Macintosh and Windows platforms. A planned release for the Game Boy Color was cancelled.

In the game, players manage a soccer team through a season and participate in matches played against the computer. As the team coach, users also must deal with the rise and fall of individual team member's skills during the season. Players can play with actual teams from the MLS or customize their own team from a pool of MLS players, and the game allows users to disable select rules such as offside. The game also offers a two-player mode on a single computer where one player uses the mouse to control their team and the other uses the keyboard.

"The Dallas Daily News" noted that the game only offered three female soccer stars to play as, but they appreciated the game's replay value: "There is enough substance to keep you coming back."



</doc>
<doc id="2152484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2152484" title="L.A. Rush">
L.A. Rush

L.A. Rush, known as Rush in the PSP version, is an open world racing video game developed by Midway Studios - Newcastle and published by Midway Games, released in North America for PlayStation 2 and Xbox (not compatible with Xbox 360) on October 10, 2005, and on October 21 in Europe. It is also released for Microsoft Windows on November 4 in Europe, and for PlayStation Portable on October 30, 2006. It is the fourth installment in the "Rush" series.

Many details were revealed at E3 in May 2005, the game was also planned to be available on Gizmondo, but it got cancelled due to the discontinuation of Gizmondo on February 6, 2006. The game features voice talent from Orlando Jones, Bill Bellamy, Andre 3000 and Twista. 

The game features free-roaming with races mechanic similar to those in "". The GPS map can have a point assigned to a certain location and then the point shows up on the radar during gameplay. It is also features two missions and two game modes. Other features includes 50 vehicles, 30 different cruise missions (can be playable with another player on the PSP version, when connected with a Wi-Fi), upgrades for cars (available from multiple top-line manufacturers and West Coast Customs) and a hip-hop and rock soundtrack from various artists, such as Twista, Lil' Kim, Skinny Puppy, J-Kwon, and Rock 'n Roll Soldiers.

There are two modes in the game, the Battle mode (which was first introduced in the home version of Rush 2049) lets the players go head-to-head with each other in a power-up-propelled race, while the Stunt Arena mode (which was featured all other home Rush games) is only available in the PSP version of the game, where the player must launch their car off the ramp and fly through the air and performing different tricks. In order to keep up with points, the player must land their car safely on all four wheels.

Aside to two modes, there are two missions available, the Reacquire missions involves the player must recover their cars that has been repossessed from the game storyline and must bring them back to the garage without taking too much damage, whilst being outrun against enemy's cars. The Retribution missions involves property damage where the player is tasked to destroy various things that belongs to the enemy in various different ways, such as smashing through enemy's billboards, destroying a ferris wheel by simply crashing into it, or even taking the enemy's car and let it being smashed by a train.

The game features many licensed cars like Japanese cars such as the Nissan Sentra SE-R Spec-V, Subaru Impreza WRX STI, Nissan Skyline GT-R (R34), Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution VIII, Nissan 350Z. Muscle cars, such as the Chevrolet Camaro, Dodge Charger, Buick GNX, Chevrolet Monte Carlo, Pontiac GTO, Chevrolet Chevelle SS. Sports cars, such as the Lotus Elise, Chevrolet Corvette Z06 (C5), Dodge Viper SRT-10, Pontiac Solstice, Mitsubishi Eclipse Spyder. SUVs and Pickup Trucks, such as the Cadillac Escalade, Hummer H2, Infiniti FX45, Nissan Frontier, Nissan Titan, and Dodge Ram Rumble Bee. The fastest car is the Saleen S7, which is the only supercar to be available in the game. Up to 50 playable cars are featured in the game, 30 of them are licensed cars, while 20 of them were Midway concept cars.

The game revolves around Trikz Lane (Luis Da Silva), a renowned street racer in the L.A. underground scene, who has a lavish lifestyle and a well-known sizable reputation, owning a mansion in Beverly Hills and a large collection of cars. One night, he throws a party in his mansion, while being interviewed by the journalist from Rides magazine, accomplished along with his friend, Ty Malix (Orlando Jones), the duo explain the journalist about how they got started street racing and won their first ten grant of money using Trikz's car, which itself referred as the "go-kart", a Nissan 240SX (S14). Ty later stated that soon would be appreciated that the car will be featured on the next cover for Rides magazine. Soon, the crew from West Coast Customs, Ryan Friedlinghaus, Quinton "Q" Dodson, Michael "Mad Mike" Martin and Dana "Big Dane" Florence approaches and greets the duo, the crew then asked Trikz about the modifications for his car before they left him and Ty to continue the interview. As the crew leaves, Trikz and Ty were later being met by a local race promoter, Lidell Rey (Bill Bellamy), who is hosting on a major series of street races across L.A., known as the Lidell Rey Street Slam, and is not particularly fond of Trikz. Trikz later tells Lidell that by the end of summer, he would let him pay for his new vacation spot in Maui, Hawaii and has plans to steal Lidell's girlfriend, Lana. Lidell tries to tip the scales against him, telling Trikz that changes are coming, before he drops an amount of pennies from his hat into the floor and leaves. As the journalist asked Trikz for the preparation of the upcoming races, Trikz told them that he will be always prepared once he finished his vacation in Saint Barthélemy for two weeks.

Two weeks later, Trikz and Ty comes back home from their vacation, only found out that their mansion is now on the ruins, the whole place is deserted with nothing left inside, the cars that are stored in the garage were missing, all but only left is Trikz's 240SX being sat abandoned in the driveway. While left entirely curious about the empty mansion, Trikz later saw a tow truck reposessioning Ty's Hummer H2, the duo tries to catch up, but unable to do so. Suddenly, a car pulled over in front of the mansion front doors, the driver hands over a paper to Trikz before drives away, Trikz realizes that his mansion has been robbed by Lidell, Ty reveals that Lidell uses his connections in order to rob Trikz's mansion and steal all of the cars whilst Trikz was on vacation. The duo later plots a plan to get payback against Lidell by entering a various series of street racing while recovering the lost cars that have been stashed across Los Angeles.

Many reviewers have been critical of the game. One common criticism is that the option to customize the cars was poorly realised; players cannot modify them themselves, instead, the car is automatically upgraded by the West Coast Customs crew. GamesRadar says: ""Roll your vehicle into the garage and they'll kit it out with what they feel like"".

"L.A. Rush" has also been criticised for not including every area of Los Angeles; for example, the San Fernando Valley was excluded.

Not all reaction was negative. The realistic handling in the game was welcomed by some as being comparable to the handling in "Juiced" and "".



</doc>
<doc id="2154706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2154706" title="Antarctic Adventure">
Antarctic Adventure

The gameplay is similar to Sega's "Turbo", but plays at a much slower pace, and features platform game elements. The penguin, later named Penta, must reach the next station before time runs out while avoiding sea lions and breaks in the ice. Throughout the levels, fish jump out of ice holes and can be caught for bonus points. The game, like many early video games, has no ending – when the player reaches the last station, the game starts from the first level again, but with increased difficulty.

"Antarctic Adventure" was followed by a sequel for the MSX computer in 1986, entitled "Penguin Adventure". In addition, the penguin character Penta, and his son Pentarou became a mascot for Konami through the 1980s. They have made appearances in over 10 games. Of particular note are his appearances in the "Parodius" series of shoot 'em up games.

Penta, or his son Pentarou, had appeared in the Medal Games like Tsurikko Penta, Balloon Penta and Imo Hori Penta. Following in 2002 (not released for mobile in 2001), three mobile games , released on May 6, 2003, another titled , as part of "Konami Taisen Colosseum", and the fishing game as "Penta no Tsuri Boken", and released for i-Revo.

A screenshot from this game can briefly be seen in the introduction of "Gradius ReBirth", released in 2008 for the Wii Virtual Console and in 2014 for the Wii U Virtual Console. An MSX Version was re-released for the Windows Store as part of EGG Project on November 25, 2014 in Japan.

There was rumored to be a coin-operated arcade version released by Konami in 1984, but the existence of an actual example has yet to be confirmed.

In 1990, Konami released only in Japan a handheld electronic game of "Antarctic Adventure", although it is usually listed as "South Pole" (a more literal translation of the Japanese title).

In 2014, "Antarctic Adventure" was released on a special version of the ColecoVision Flashback by AtGames. available only through Dollar General stores.

In other games, Pentarou appears as a fisherman.





</doc>
<doc id="2155389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2155389" title="Post Mortem (video game)">
Post Mortem (video game)

Post Mortem is a murder mystery adventure game by Microïds, released in 2002. Its sequels are "Still Life" and "Still Life 2". The game was also released in French, Italian, German and Spanish.

"Post Mortem" uses a first-person player view and a point and click user interface, using only the mouse for control. This slightly differs in its sequel, "Still Life", however as it is a third person game.

Different cursors appear over portions of the screen to show the player what will happen when it is clicked on.

Gus' notebook is used to collate both the menu system of the game and the place to view documents obtained within the game.

Microïds developed and completed "Post Mortem" in ten months using Virtools Dev. An in-house team of 27 people created the game. This included 8 graphic artists, 5 animators and 6 programmers. To ensure the game had variety and no linear storyline, Microïds used a software called "Natural Dialog Engine". "Post Mortem" was later followed by a spin-off series, "Still Life", which has currently produced two games. On September 19, 2008 a new "Still Life" series website was opened, covering the three games.

The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. "The Cincinnati Enquirer" gave it a favorable review about a month before the game was released Stateside.

According to Microïds, the game and its successor, "Still Life", were commercial successes. The publisher reported combined global sales for the series above 500,000 units by September 2008.



</doc>
<doc id="2157455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2157455" title="Mega Man X3">
Mega Man X3

Mega Man X3, known as in Japan, is a video game released by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). The game was originally released in Japan on December 1, 1995 and later in North American and PAL regions in 1996. It is the third game in the "Mega Man X" series and the last to appear on the SNES. "Mega Man X3" takes place in a fictional future in which the world is populated by humans and intelligent robots called "Reploids". Like their human creators, some Reploids involve themselves in destructive crime and are labelled as "Mavericks". After twice defeating the Maverick leader Sigma, the heroes Mega Man X and Zero must battle a Reploid scientist named Dr. Doppler and his utopia of Maverick followers.

"Mega Man X3" follows in the tradition of both the original "Mega Man" series and the "Mega Man X" series as a standard action-platform game. The player traverses a series of eight stages in any order while gaining various power-ups and taking the special weapon of each stage's end boss. "Mega Man X3" is the first game in the series in which Zero is a playable character (albeit in limited form) in addition to X. Like its predecessor, "Mega Man X2", "X3" features the "Cx4" chip to allow for some limited 3D vector graphics and transparency effects.

A 32-bit version of "Mega Man X3" was released on the PlayStation, Sega Saturn, and Windows in various countries. This version was included on the North American "Mega Man X Collection" in 2006. The game was also ported to Japanese mobile phones in 2010. Critical reception for "Mega Man X3" has been above average. However, the game, particularly the 32-bit version, has received miscellaneous criticism from reviewers for its lack of improvements to the series.

Capcom announced that the SNES version of "Mega Man X3" would be coming to the Wii U Virtual Console in 2014. It was released in North America on August 28, 2014, Japan on October 8, 2014 and the PAL regions on November 6, 2014.

Recently, the SNES version was released on the PC, as well as the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch as part of "Mega Man X Legacy Collection" ("Rockman X Anniversary Collection" in Japan) which released on July 24, 2018 worldwide and July 26, 2018 in Japan.

The story of "Mega Man X3" is set during the 22nd century (the year "21XX"), in which after Mega Man X2 humans coexist with intelligent robots called "Reploids" (replicant androids). Due to their free will, some Reploids are prone to criminal activity and are said to go "Maverick". Dr. Cain, the inventor of the Reploids, establishes a military taskforce called the "Maverick Hunters" to prevent it. Even after two successful efforts by the Hunters Mega Man X and Zero to stop a Maverick leader named Sigma from attempting to exterminate the human race, Maverick activity seems to continue. However, the threat of the Mavericks is later neutralized thanks to the technology of the Reploid scientist Dr. Doppler, which prevents the Mavericks from going berserk. The reformed Reploids form a utopia near their new mentor called "Dopple Town". It seemed that all is well until the former Reploids suddenly revert and once again begin causing trouble, even going so far as to attack Hunter headquarters. Doppler is held accountable, and X and Zero are sent out to contain the new threat.

Once the two heroes defeat Doppler and the forces that have sworn allegiance to him, the scientist comes to his senses and realizes all the damage that he has done. He explains that Sigma is alive as a computer virus, and that Doppler was corrupted in order to create a new body for Sigma. X seeks out Sigma, and after an intense battle, the Sigma Virus in its pure form chases X in an attempt to infect and possess him. Once X finds himself at a dead end, one of two things may happen. In one of the game's endings, Zero takes Doppler's true antivirus software and uploads it onto his sabre offscreen. He rushes in to save X just in time and causes Sigma to explode, destroying the lab as they evacuate. However, if Zero is injured during the game, Doppler instead uses his own body as the antivirus and sacrifices himself for the greater good.

"Mega Man X3" adopts the gameplay of "Mega Man X" and "Mega Man X2", an expansion of the gameplay model of the original "Mega Man" series. These action-platform games involve taking control of the protagonist X and completing a series of eight, selectable stages. Each stage has a variety of obstacles, traps, and enemy robots to fight. The stage terminates in a Maverick boss fight; defeating this boss will add a new special weapon to the player's arsenal. Each boss is particularly weak to one special weapon, so the player may complete the stages in an order that best exploits these weaknesses. The player character X retains certain abilities from past games. Namely, he is able to run, jump, dash, cling to and scale most walls, and fire his chargeable "X-Buster" arm cannon and special weapons. The player can further upgrade X's abilities by collecting armor parts (head, body, legs, and X-Buster) found within capsules in some levels. Capsules containing special chips add new abilities as well. X is generally only able to benefit from one chip at a time, allowing the player to customize the character as needed. However, one hidden capsule gives X the benefits of all four special chips.

Like the two previous "Mega Man X" games, the player can locate power-ups such as "Heart Tanks" for extending the maximum life energy and "Sub-Tanks" for storing energy for later use. Also returning are powerful "Ride Armor" vehicles that can be piloted in some of the stages. Items hidden within certain levels can be collected which allow the player to summon vehicles at any time. "Mega Man X3" is the first game in the series which allows the player to play as X's ally Zero, although his playability is more limited compared to later games in the series. Zero can be called to take X's place during nearly any stage, but he cannot collect any of X's armor parts or power-ups, and cannot fight mid-stage or end-stage bosses, with only one exception that grants access to a secret weapon for X. If Zero is ever defeated in battle, he will be unable to be called upon for the rest of the game.

By the time production began, Keiji Inafune, a major contributor to the "Mega Man" franchise, had transitioned from his role as an artist to director, producer, and writer. Starting with "Mega Man X2", Inafune wanted to use a computer virus as a plot device, something he considered a more interesting idea than a tangible villain. Inafune's other duties included merchandising the game into toys and trading cards. Although the game's scenario, character designs and artwork were done at Capcom, much of the actual game design was sub-contracted to Minakuchi Engineering, who had previously developed most of the "Mega Man" games on the Game Boy along with the compilation game "" for the Sega Mega Drive. Inafune recalled experiencing "psychological turmoil" over allowing "outsiders" to handle the game's development. Inafune's only illustrative designs for the game were the characters X, Zero, and Vile. Inafune admitted being very "possessive" of Zero, which he had vested interest in since the character's creation for the first "Mega Man X". All of the designs for the game's other characters, bosses, and its minor enemies were divided among artists Hayato Kaji, Tatsuya Yoshikawa, Shinsuke Komaki, and Kazushi Itou.

"Mega Man X3" is graphically similar to its two predecessors, and even utilizes the SNES Cx4 from "Mega Man X2". This digital signal processor cartridge chip allows for basic 3D graphical effects such as rotation, enlarging, and shrinking of wireframe objects. The North American and the European SNES version of "Mega Man X3" are very rare due to their limited run and the fact that they were released during declining support of the console. Despite higher-than-expected retail orders for their SNES products, Capcom had lowered its shipping of 16-bit titles during the fall 1995 release quarter due to supply and demand. To give the game a chance of turning a profit in spite of its limited production run, Capcom had to price it higher than any previous Mega Man title ($73.95 at retail in the USA). In more recent times, "Mega Man X3" cartridges fetch very large sums of money on collector and auction websites such as eBay. A port of "Mega Man X3" was released on the Sega Saturn and PlayStation in Japan in 1996 and in Europe in 1997. Capcom stated that it was licensing these versions to a USA company for release in North America, but ultimately they were never released in the region. A Windows port of this 32-bit edition was released in Japan in 1997 and in North America and Europe in 1998 . The port versions feature additional animated full-motion video cutscenes, rearranged remixed music tracks, and completely different sound effects than the original SNES version. A port for the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer was announced in Japan in 1996, but was not released. The Japanese PlayStation version of "Mega Man X3" was eventually re-released as part of the Sony "The Best for Family" line of budget titles. The PlayStation version of "Mega Man X3" was included in "Mega Man X Collection", released for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube in North America in early 2006. Finally, "Mega Man X3" was released on EZweb-compatible mobile phones in Japan in 2010.

The game's soundtrack was composed by freelancer Kinuyo Yamashita, who created all the music and converted it to data in her leisure. Although the Minakuchi Engineering Staff is credited in the game's soundtrack album, Yamashita worked for them in a freelance capacity rather than being an actual employee of the company. The Japanese 32-bit editions feature two J-pop vocal songs by Kotono Shibuya: the opening theme "One More Time" and the ending theme "I'm Believer". Both the SNES and 32-bit versions of the musical score were included on the second disc of "Capcom Music Generation: Rockman X1 ~ X6" soundtrack released by Suleputer in 2003.

Press reception for "Mega Man X3" was mostly positive. Reviewers praised the game's tried-and-true gameplay, graphics, control, and the option to play as Zero. Mike Weigand of "GamePro" was generally pleased with the game, and, though he admitted it brought little new to the franchise, enjoyed the increased difficulty, tight controls, and new special effects. Weigand summarized, "It may be routine for experience players, but anyone who hasn't played a 16-bit game in the series will discover Mega magic." "GameFan" reviewer Dave Halverson was equally impressed by the "speed, diversity, special FX, and power up's," calling it "a fitting 16-bit finale to a great series". IGN similarly asserted "Mega Man X3" as "a solid send-off for the 16-bit era", naming it the 67th-best SNES of all time on a 2011 list. Two of "Electronic Gaming Monthly"s reviewers considered the game an improvement over X2 with its larger levels and huge number of secrets, while the other two focused on its overt similarity to previous games in the series.

Some felt "Mega Man X3" was too similar to past "Mega Man" games. "Super Play" writer Jonathan Davies found the game far too similar to "Mega Man X2", questioning whether or not "Capcom are cashing in on their loyal fans". All but one of the four reviewers for "Electronic Gaming Monthly" complained that the game is too similar to other "Mega Man" games, with one writing: "I am so sick of Mega Man, that I have dreams at night of the blue-clothed hero showing up at my house and forcing me to play more of his redundant titles. This latest release is just like all the rest." Likewise, 1UP.com writer Jeremy Parish thought that the game differed little from past releases, complaining that it was "more of the same, but with a kitchen-sink design philosophy that made every single level feel like a sluggish, ill-designed mess." GameSpot editors Christian Nutt and Justin Speer specifically felt the number of power-ups and bonuses overshadowed the gameplay, barely benefiting from the addition of Zero as a limited playable character.

The port versions of the game suffered more negative criticism than their SNES counterpart. The level designs and overall gameplay were highly criticized by "Computer Games Magazine" contributor Nathan Smith, who reviewed the late Windows release of the game. "Packing more "cliché" console conventions than you can shake a gamepad at," Smith opined, "you'll need the patience of Job, the manual dexterity of a nine-year-old, and the intelligence of Forrest Gump to really enjoy this one." "Saturn Power" denoted "Mega Man X3" the worst Saturn title in the console's available game library. Matt Yeo of "Sega Saturn Magazine" had fair comments about "Mega Man X3" as an SNES game, but labeled the UK Saturn version "a bit of a travesty" due to its lack of innovation and a "dubious" quality of the anime cutscenes. Halverson enjoyed the use of redbook audio in the 32-bit conversion despite not finding the music particularly memorable. Both Yeo and Halverson were dismayed by the use of letterbox borders in the Saturn version, which horizontally reduce the screen size.



</doc>
<doc id="2159441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2159441" title="Wheel of Fortune video games">
Wheel of Fortune video games

Wheel of Fortune is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin, premiering in 1975 with a syndicated version airing in 1983. Since 1986, the syndicated version has been adapted into various video games spanning numerous hardware generations. Most versions released in the 20th century were published by GameTek, which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 1998.

An Atari 2600 adaptation of "Wheel of Fortune" was planned by The Great Game Co. in 1983, but ended up being cancelled during development. In 1987 the first of GameTek's many "Wheel" games was published, with Sharedata as its developer; this version was released simultaneously on the Commodore 64 and the Nintendo Entertainment System, and subsequently spawned a second Commodore 64 version of "Wheel" from Sharedata, as well as a "Family Edition" and a "Junior Edition", both of which were exclusive to the NES and were developed by Rare Neither host Pat Sajak nor hostess Vanna White is featured in any of these games; however, White is featured in a later NES game from GameTek and IJE Inc., which was released in 1992 and also appeared on the Sega Genesis, Super NES, and the Game Gear. The magazine "Mega" gave the Super NES and Genesis versions a score of 22%, saying that there was "no challenge". A "Deluxe Edition" was also released for the Super NES in 1994.

In 1994, Sony Imagesoft released a game based on "Wheel" for the Sega CD. "Next Generation" rated it two stars out of five, and stated that "Even as a party game, "Wheel of Fortune" doesn't cut it." Two years later, GameTek made plans to create adaptations for the Sega Saturn and the 3DO, but both were canceled during development.

In mid-1997, Take-Two Interactive acquired GameTek's assets, including the rights to develop "Wheel of Fortune" games for the Nintendo 64. On December 2, 1997, Take-Two Interactive released its first "Wheel" game for the Nintendo 64; this was Take-Two's last collaboration with GameTek. The Sega CD and N64 versions of "Wheel" both feature full-motion video footage of White as host. Reviews generally stated that the N64 version did not hold up well to other N64 games but did a decent job of recreating the show, particularly the camera movements and the 3D studio. However, they derided the unnatural-sounding voices of the contestants and the animations of Vanna White walking in front of the puzzles (without touching the panels when they light up). The game received a score of 6.4 out of 10 from IGN and 5.125 out of 10 from "Electronic Gaming Monthly".

Artech Studios and Hasbro Interactive produced a video game adaptation of "Wheel" for Sony Computer Entertainment's PlayStation console on December 15, 1998; this version again features White appearing as host via FMV sequences, and a 3-D engine that allows it to have a presentation similar to that of the actual show. This particular version is compatible with a memory card which allows it to avoid previously played puzzles until the entire library has been played through. On September 12, 2000, Hasbro released a second PlayStation version of "Wheel", which features a behind-the-scenes interview with White and a qualifying exam for contestant hopefuls. After this, Atari, Inc. released a PlayStation 2 edition in November 2003. On March 19, 2009, Sony Online Entertainment released a version of the show for the PlayStation 3 through the PlayStation Network; Chris Roper of IGN gave that version a 5.8 out of 10, saying that it felt "empty and lifeless" for not featuring any host or hostess or any voice work whatsoever, and also criticized the graphic quality, saying that the game was "not fully polished".

On November 2, 2010, THQ released video games based on "Wheel of Fortune" for Nintendo's Wii console. This set of games is the first to feature Sajak as well as White as well as the last to feature announce Charlie O'Donnell. Another Wii game would be released 4 years later by Nordic Games. In 2012 THQ-published versions developed by Pipeworks Software appeared for the PlayStation 3, the Wii U, and Microsoft's Xbox 360.

On November 7, 2017, Ubisoft released video games based on "Wheel of Fortune" for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game comes in digital download as well as a bundle retail version with "Jeopardy!". This version of "Wheel of Fortune" features Classic and Quick modes, as well as online multiplayer options like leaderboards and voice chat. It includes over 4,000 puzzles and a leveling system that enables players to unlock 250 new customization items that can be used on contestants or the studio set.

In 1988, Mattel created a "Wheel of Fortune" game that allowed playing along with the TV show. At that time, the show would include encoded data at the beginning of each round, seen as flickering in the TV picture, that the Mattel machine could "download" to receive the puzzle and timing information for when letters were revealed in the puzzle. The game allowed players to "spin" and guess letters in the puzzle, buy vowels, and solve the puzzle. If a contestant on the TV show solved the puzzle before a person playing the Mattel machine solved it, the machine would reveal the puzzle and terminate the round.

In 1990, GameTek created a "Wheel of Fortune" game for the Game Boy. Then in 1997, Tiger Electronics released two adaptations of the show for its Game.com system, which allows players to use the console's touchscreen to select letters. Additionally, Majesco Entertainment once planned a "Wheel" adaptation of its own for the Game Boy Color but that was cancelled. On November 2, 2010, THQ published a Nintendo DS "Wheel of Fortune" video game developed by Griptonite Games, which allows players to customize and name their player character.

Additionally, a number of "Wheel" games have been released for mobile telephones. On May 2, 2005, InfoSpace's "Atlas Mobile" studio created a tournament-style game based on the show as part of its "For Prizes" lineup of games allowing players to win free gift certificates; this game is set to a time limit of five minutes and requires players to complete the regular rounds in five turns or less apiece. Subsequent mobile phone incarnations of the show were released by Sony Pictures Mobile in 2006, 2008, 2010, and 2012.

"Wheel of Fortune" has also been adapted for personal computers. From 1987 through 1990, GameTek created five "Wheel of Fortune" computer games for the Apple II, Commodore 64, and MS-DOS. On November 15, 1998, Hasbro Interactive released a PC version of its own, where Vanna White is joined by the then-current "Wheel" announcer, Charlie O'Donnell (but not Pat Sajak). In 2000 Infogrames Entertainment produced a PC version of the show for Macintosh computers, with MacSoft as its developer. That same year, Hasbro released a second PC version of "Wheel", which like the aforementioned PlayStation equivalent features a behind-the-scenes interview and a qualifying exam. Atari's 2003 follow-up also saw a PC version of its own.

In 2007 Sony Online Entertainment produced a PC version of the show titled "Wheel of Fortune Deluxe", sharing publishing duties with Encore, Inc. Encore followed that up with a "Super Deluxe" version of the game in 2008.

Sony Pictures Digital and Game Show Network's interactive division released a free "Wheel of Fortune" game on Facebook. It combined most aspects of the TV game show and allowed players to become contestants competing for virtual currency, called "Wheel Bucks," by playing a "Main Round" puzzle on their own and a "Bonus Round" puzzle allowing them to collaborate with their Facebook friends to increase their winnings. The game was later moved to GSN's "Games by GSN Casino" with better graphics, faster load times, the ability to amass collections and win trophies, and a full-screen mode, but eventually the game was taken down. The "Games by GSN Casino" has also featured a "Wheel of Fortune Slots" game that abides by the basic rules of slots games but incorporates aspects of the actual show in various ways, such as featuring a bonus game where players can spin the Wheel to increase their earnings; this is the only one of "Wheel"s many slots games not to be manufactured by International Game Technology. Neither game features Sajak nor White, and both games support only one player.

A "Wheel of Fortune" pinball machine was released in the fall of 2007 and was developed by Stern Pinball. It was designed by Kevin O'Connor and Margaret Hudson, and features the voices of Sajak and O'Donnell. Although White does appear with Sajak on the marquee, her voice is never heard in the game.



</doc>
<doc id="2161221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2161221" title="Extreme Warfare">
Extreme Warfare

Extreme Warfare is a series of professional wrestling management text simulators created by British programmer Adam Ryland for the PC since 1995. The latest in the series is Total Extreme Wrestling 2016 which was released on May 2, 2016. Extreme Warfare Revenge 4.0 was released in 2002 on computer text simulator.

Adam Ryland originally developed Extreme Warfare as a collectible card game with a wrestling theme. Due to complexity and set up time it was decided a computer format would be more suitable. The first Extreme Warfare on the PC (now called "Extreme Warfare 1") was programmed in 1995 in QBasic. This game was a simple simulator, where one could decide what matches were to take place and who was going to win them but also involved some simple financial elements, such as the wages of wrestlers. Due to limitations in QBasic, Ryland moved the series over to Turbo Pascal where further incarnations of the game were created, including: Extreme Warfare 2, Extreme Warfare 2000, Extreme Warfare 2001, Extreme Warfare 2002, Extreme Warfare 5000, Extreme Warfare 6000, Extreme Warfare 7500, and Extreme Warfare 9000.

Each version of the game was an upgrade of the previous and continually built on the ideas of booking matches and running the business side of a professional wrestling promotion. After release of EW 9000, a game called "Promotion Wars" was released by fellow British programmer Adam Jennings, taking some inspiration from both Extreme Warfare 9000 and Championship Manager. After the game's release, some of Extreme Warfare's fan base shifted their interest over to this game when released in October 2000.

On April 1, 2001, "Extreme Warfare Deluxe" (EWD) was released. It was the first game in a while to be built by scratch instead of an upgrade of the previous games.

EWD expanded on the previous games in terms of the actual game world. The game world was expanded in that everyone in the database can now be hired by any promotion, unlike previous games in which WWF superstars can only be hired by the WWF, with the same applying for WCW and ECW. This helped to bring more competition between promotions, which now had their own artificial intelligence. Also included in EWD was the match report screen which featured stats about the match quality, crowd reaction and worker effort of the match along with an overall rating. This setup would end up being the basis of all match report screens in later games in the series up to and including TEW 2004.

Initially, Ryland stated that Deluxe was going to be the final game of the series but shortly afterwards, he changed his mind and began work on a new Extreme Warfare game. With the limitations of Turbo Pascal now pushing the game to the limit, Ryland decided in October 2001 to start work on a brand new game in the EW series.

"Extreme Warfare Revenge" (EWR) was released on June 15, 2002. Now programmed in Visual Basic, the series now took a Windows style interface. One of the most significant changes this game took to the series was the fact that everything on a wrestling event is under the control of the user. In previous games in the series, angles, finishes and (in EWD) interviews were randomly created. This also coincided with the new feud system that was to count the matches, angles and interview victories between the workers involved. The match reports also took a slight change, featuring reviews of the matches from such Internet columnists as Scott Keith instead of a straight play-by-play style. However, the report style would revert to its old style in TEW 2004.

Another major feature that changed the way the game was played was the way the game world was represented. Unlike the previous games in which it was mostly focused on the major promotions such as the WWF, WCW, and ECW the promotion size feature meant many promotions in North America could now be included from the global sized promotions like WWE to the cult sized promotions like ROH to a mere backyard federation.

From June 2002 to July 2003, the game has had some significant upgrades and new versions of the game were released. Some of these changes included changes to the TV timeslot system where the more further away from a prime time slot a televised event is shown, the fewer segments the user gets to book with. The Internet feature was also increased to include a website based on the independent promotions, a website based on backstage gossip and a website for your promotion. Relationships between workers were added to help bring in backstage politics where people are more willing put over their friends and less with their enemies. Eventually workers could also be in multiple tag teams with a statistic for experience which increases with each match fought together. Gimmicks were then added for wrestlers to use which would affect the overness of a worker over how strong that gimmick was. More changes were made to adapt to the independent promotions. This included multiple open contracts for workers, enabling them to work in up to three promotions and the ability of workers to go on Japanese tours, affecting the booking of cards. The optional ability of viewing a wrestler's picture was also added later in the game's production.

Due to the size of the game, Ryland felt that in order to include new features and upgrades a completely new game would have to be programmed from scratch. With this task taking quite a lot of his time, Ryland decided to turn his hobby into a commercial venture, signing a contract with simulator game company .400 Software Studios to produce a new commercial game.

"Total Extreme Warfare 2004" (TEW 2004) was released on March 31, 2004 under .400 Software Studios. The game was distributed by downloading on the Internet after purchase, (using ELicense). A full working trial was also available for download which originally would expire after a single day but was replaced by a trial that makes the user able to play one game month unlimited times.

Along with a new professional layout, the game had more features. While the previous games only focused on the wrestling scene of North America (Japan was featured in later versions of EWR but not playable), TEW 2004 expanded the world to include such areas as Japan, Mexico, the United Kingdom and Australia. With this, each worker's overness was now expanded from EWR's single value to a series of values depending on areas in the world. The AI was changed in that now the user could now see what matches other promotions have booked, other promotions' financial details and what deals they have made. More contract clauses such as medical coverage and travel expenditure being included, contracts deal decisions were now made over time rather than immediate. Inspired by some fans playing against each other using WWE brands by sending files to each other through the Internet, a multi-player feature was added to make users play against each other with different promotions. Booking was also improved in that not only could the user edit the card more easily, the booking was now time-based, meaning such anomalies as booking 11-hour-long Iron Man matches on a two-hour shows would no longer be possible. The game was also more customisable than before with new editing modes as Create-A-Match and Create-A-Gimmick.

Due to the problem of copyright issues by going commercial, the series turned from using stats of the real wrestling world to a fictitious wrestling world called the "CornellVerse". This world is named after the character of Tommy Cornell, one of the most influential people and best wrestlers in the "CornellVerse", based on a character Ryland had created a few years earlier while participating in e-federations.

On June 14, 2004, the game was renamed "Total Extreme Wrestling 2004" to help distinguish the new TEW series from the earlier EWR series.

Due to undisclosed reasons, Ryland moved from .400 Software Studios to another simulator game company, Grey Dog Software. His first game created there however was not another Extreme Warfare game, instead the first Wrestling Spirit game.

Due to .400 Software Studio's closure on January 1, 2006, the game was taken off the market permanently. There are currently no plans to make this game freeware or shareware.

The sequel to TEW 2004, "Total Extreme Wrestling 2005" (TEW 2005) was released on October 6, 2005 under Grey Dog Software. A demo was also released in advance on September 29, 2005, allowing the user to play one game month just like previous demos. TEW 2005 included some more new features. Advance booking was one example which helped to promote upcoming big events. Televised shows also improved, bringing both competition to the shows with non-wrestling shows along with multiple television deals around the world for one show. The pay-per-view feature was now very similar to television in that there's now a list of pay-per-view providers which the user must make a deal with to get their pay-per-view provided. A momentum meter was also added to the wrestlers to bring in more realism in that if they give great matches, cut good interviews and participate in angles, it will increase and thus gain more overness. This helped to prevent the user from booking the same over people all the time and expect good ratings. The booking also improved in that the match purpose feature from EWR has returned and enhanced. The user must now talk to road agents about how the match has to be set up, including ways of putting people over, burying a worker and the way an actual match needs to be performed. TEW 2005 also made more features customizable with its new editable statistics for angles, storylines, locations and injuries. Its angle editor consisted of many different types such as interviews to beatdowns to celebrations and uses up to six people to participate in various roles. The storyline editor takes these angles and places them in an order the booker will need to comply to. The storyline editor was created by Phil Parent, using Georges Polti's book "The Thirty-Six Dramatic Situations" as an inspiration. Also included was the "grades" feature. Instead of having an exact view of the stats each wrestler has along with changes, a more realistic grade feature was instead added to make the user rely on instinct for crucial decisions.

TEW 05 became freeware on July 1, 2009.

"Total Extreme Wrestling 2007" (TEW 2007) was officially released on December 29, 2006, with a number of new features. Whereas both TEW2004 and TEW2005 were written from scratch, TEW 2007 was being built on top of TEW 2005's source code. There were many new features, such as the ability to customise merchandise and a large amount of new contract types (short-term, etc.).

A new installment of the series, "Total Extreme Wrestling 2008" (TEW 2008), was announced on the Grey Dog Software website on January 1, 2008. The game is largely based on TEW 2007, but Ryland made more than 100 changes and additions. The game allows players to import and convert their TEW 2007 databases. The game was released on June 7, 2008. The demo for the game was released on June 1, 2008.

In late 2009, it was announced that "Total Extreme Wrestling 2010" (TEW 2010) would be released in early 2010. Some of the new features announced included a revamp of backstage morale, and several changes to improve the interface and to reduce the amount of time it takes to navigate through the game and to book a show.

On January 20, 2010, Adam Ryland released the demo to Total Extreme Wrestling 2010. The official release happened on January 25, 2010.

At the end of July, it was announced that "Total Extreme Wrestling 2013" (TEW 2013) would be released in December 2012. Some of the new features announced included an Autobooker, Fog Of War, Tribute Shows, Shoot Interviews, Legacies, and several other changes to help either make the game more realistic, and opened up more options in the database

Total Extreme Wrestling 2013 was released on December 16, 2012, with the demo version available on December 9.

On January 8, 2016, it was announced that "Total Extreme Wrestling 2016" (TEW 2016) was in development. The developer's journal announced that the game would feature elements that would add more realism and would also include things such as backstage cliques. On April 1, 2016, the last day of developer's journal updates, TEW 2016 was announced to have a demo release date of April 25, with a full release on May 2. While in previous versions of the demo, the player could only play through January of the game's titular year, it was announced that TEW 2016's demo would allow players to play through both January and February of any year.

On December 8, 2018, it was announced that "Total Extreme Wrestling 2020" (TEW 2020) is in development with an estimate release of April 2020. The announcement stated that Ryland had completely rewritten the code before reinserting older features to make the game "effectively a much sharper, quicker, more intuitive, better quality piece of work" and promised that TEW 2020 would be "the biggest jump forward in terms of quality the series has ever seen".

The developer's journal, beginning on the day of the announcement, was split into multiple phases, the first phase being announcements of new and returning features which had already been added beginning December 10, 2018 and ending July 12, 2019, while the second phase, which began July 29, 2019 and is currently ongoing, is a "live" journal discussing features currently being worked on and the current level of completion of the default game world, "The Cornellverse". Some of the highly-requested features added include playing as a company's developmental territory and giving the player more control over house shows.

Another feature introduced was that of attributes, replacing the old "personality" and "lifestyle" systems. In an interview with My Games Lounge, Ryland said that "it was nice to do a spring clean of the code" as re-writing the code is what allowed him to add so many new features.




</doc>
<doc id="2167826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2167826" title="SiN Episodes">
SiN Episodes

SiN Episodes were a planned series of episodic games for Microsoft Windows that would have expanded upon the 1998 computer game "SiN". A total of nine episodes were planned with only the first one released. Developed by Ritual Entertainment and powered by the Source game engine, the first episode "Emergence" was the first computer game by a major developer to both be produced episodically and delivered over the Internet without the intervention of a publisher. This was accomplished through Valve's Steam content delivery system.

In 2007, Ritual was acquired by casual game developer MumboJumbo, stalling the franchise and leaving the future of the series uncertain. With the sale of Ritual to MumboJumbo and departure of several employees, all future development of "Sin Episodes" appears to be delayed indefinitely, if not entirely canceled. MumboJumbo has already tasked Ritual to develop "high-quality casual content."

Arena Mode is a single player mode and was designed to run a contest at E3 2006 as part of a promotion alongside Vigor Gaming. In this high score mode the objective is to survive as long as possible among the steadily spawning and increasing enemies. There are time limits to the maps and it is possible to survive an entire round. The scoring system is also tied to the Personal Challenge System which runs at a much higher rate than in the main game. The challenge level changes every few seconds depending on the player's performance and the higher the challenge, the higher the rate of points that are accumulated. This mode was introduced into the game on June 26, 2006 with four maps available. An update was released on July 18, 2006 which included three further maps.

Freeport City is a bustling, futuristic megacity with a population of 27,000,000 and described as a mix of New York, San Francisco, and Tokyo. Areas that are featured in "Emergence" include the Freeport Docks, Sintek Supremacy Tower, and Radek's hidden drugs lab on board a beached, derelict oil tanker.


Ritual's original intention was to release an episode every six months that would cost US$19.95 and take around four to six hours to complete. A total of nine episodes were envisioned. Although originally released as a single-player game, various multiplayer modes were planned including co-operative and team based modes.

One of Ritual's main design goals with "SiN Episodes" was to offer interactivity, character-driven gameplay, emergent AI, and a plot reflecting the choices made by players through an opt-in statistics system that aggregates play data to a database: the intention that future episodes would thus depend on the choices that are made by each player.

"SiN Episodes" is built on the Source engine with additional technology added by Ritual.


"SiN Episodes: Emergence" received generally favorable reviews and currently holds the score of 75 on Metacritic. As of January 27, 2007 the game had sold 150,000 units, enough to recoup development costs but not enough to fund a sequel.


</doc>
<doc id="2168710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2168710" title="Tachyon: The Fringe">
Tachyon: The Fringe

Tachyon: The Fringe is a computer game developed and published in 2000 by Novalogic. It features the voice acting of Bruce Campbell as main character Jake Logan in a 3-D space simulator. Tachyon was developed by Randy Casey, who had previously written two other titles for Novalogic: "F-22 Lightning II" and "F-22 Raptor".

The story of "Tachyon: The Fringe" is set in the 26th century, where mankind has left Earth to colonize the far reaches of space, and has many characteristics of a space opera. The Sol system is a place of relative peace, which is kept by the police force called Star Patrol. Out on the Fringe where Star Patrol has little presence megacorporations, pirate clans and colonist groups clash, frequently violently.

You take the role of Jake Logan, a mercenary fighter pilot working comfortably in the Sol system. Early in the campaign you are framed for the terrorist bombing of a starbase and are exiled to the Fringe, barred forever from your home. The primary conflict in the Fringe is between the Galactic Span (GalSpan) corporation and the Bora colonists for mining rights in the Fringe, and they each offer a new start. The Bora want to declare independence in the Bora sector, threatening GalSpan's profits in the region.

If the player sides with the Bora, they fight to stymy the "Spanner" attempts to demoralise and displace the Bora, and sabotage GalSpan operations. After many setbacks, Jake overcomes overwhelming odds to destroy the massive new Hephaestus mining station live in front of the Tachyon News Service, humiliating GalSpan and tanking their share price, forcing them to shut down their operations in the fringe and leave the Bora alone.

GalSpan meanwhile offers the chance to work for them, defending GalSpan interests and destroying Bora "terrorists". After many successes GalSpan completes their new Hephaestus station, causing the Bora to launch an all-out assault, which Jake defeats. Jake then escorts the defecting Bora leader to the GalSpan side, who urges the Bora to abandon their homes in the face of the unstoppable GalSpan to resettle further out in the frontier.

Tachyon: The Fringe is a first-person space combat simulator. Among several features, (such as power and shield management), the game implements "sliding", where the player can maintain a constant velocity while having free control over the orientation of their spacecraft. This is intended to provide an ease-of-motion where the player can strafe, fly backwards and otherwise maintain a higher level of control over their spacecraft.

In story mode, the player chooses missions from the Job Board. Some missions are offered by neutral parties and do not drive the main storyline (though they do occasionally affect the TNS News bulletins). Eventually, the story will reach a point where it becomes necessary for the player to ally with either the Bora Colonies or the Galactic Spanning Corporation. The Bora missions are usually higher in difficulty and less rewarding monetarily. GalSpan pays well and often has missions in tandem with other pilots. Since the two factions offer different fighters and different weapons, they encourage different play styles, as well as different storylines. The GalSpan missions generally are higher paid than the Bora ones, and the Bora missions tend to get more difficult in the end.

Kevin Rice reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "This is a solid space-simulation game; it just doesn't offer much in the way of anything new."

According to Mark Asher of CNET Gamecenter, "Tachyon: The Fringe" was a commercial flop, with sales of 20,385 copies and revenues of $778,095 in the United States by July 2000. He cited this performance as part of a trend of falling sales for space flight simulators and the wider flight simulator genre.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" nominated "Tachyon" for their 2000 "Sci-Fi Simulation of the Year" award.




</doc>
<doc id="2169818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2169818" title="Half-Life 2: Deathmatch">
Half-Life 2: Deathmatch

Half-Life 2: Deathmatch is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Valve. Released on Steam on November 30, 2004, it uses many of the assets from "Half-Life 2" and its Source engine. It features new levels, optimized for multiplayer arena play, and a few new weapons. Also included are portions of the game's source code, which were the basis for many early Source-based multiplayer modifications. The game is the successor to the popular multiplayer component of the original "Half-Life", but is offered as a separate product from "Half-Life 2". "Deathmatch", like "Half-Life"s multiplayer, does not develop any part of the plot or story of the "Half-Life" series.

Deathmatch includes some notable features such as instant respawn; weapons that have specific spawn points; and special abilities (sprint, flashlight, etc.). The aim of the deathmatch is simple: the player must kill other players to score points. If the player accidentally self-kills, they lose points. If a player is killed, they will respawn with 100 health points and the default spawn weapons, but will lose all the weapons and ammunition acquired before being killed.

The game is server based and each server contains different rules for each round therefore there is no default time limit or kill limit for each round.

In the team deathmatch mode, players are organized in two teams, Rebels and Combine, both of them with different characters that appear exactly as they do in "Half-Life 2". In the gaming aspect, team deathmatch has almost the same rules as deathmatch mode, except for:


Upon the release and subsequent critical reception of "Half-Life 2", reviewers expressed disappointment with the game's lack of multiplayer. Two weeks after the initial release of "Half-Life 2", Valve revealed and released "Half-Life 2: Deathmatch" on Steam. "Deathmatch" was released simultaneously with the Source SDK as a means of promoting game modifications built upon the platform.

Post-release, the game was supported with new maps from Valve as well as updates to the game and its engine. Valve's The "Orange Box" does not include "Half-Life 2: Deathmatch", however, the game was upgraded to use the Orange Box version of the Source engine in September 2010. Valve announced a free promotional offer on January 10, 2008, which allowed NVIDIA graphics card users to download and play "Half-Life 2: Deathmatch" along with "Portal: First Slice", "", and "Peggle Extreme".

In September 2010, the game was released via Steam for OS X. A Linux version came more than two years later, in March 2013.

"Half Life 2: Deathmatch" was well-received upon its release, with reviewers praising its inclusion of the gravity gun. GameSpot lauded the game for the Source engine's "impressive use of physics" and the available selection of maps. IGN paid similar compliments to the title, also speaking highly of the "fast play style that ["Half-Life 2: Deathmatch"] produces."

Multiple reviews stated that the game suffered from large amount of lag upon release, but GameSpy noted that this was remedied soon after as more servers came online.


</doc>
<doc id="2171575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2171575" title="Soul Reaver 2">
Soul Reaver 2

Soul Reaver 2 is an action-adventure video game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Eidos Interactive. It is a sequel to "" and the third game in the "Legacy of Kain" series. Originally developed as a PlayStation and Dreamcast project, it was reworked into a PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows title in early production, and was released in 2001. "Soul Reaver 2" was followed by two sequels, "Blood Omen 2" and "", in 2002 and 2003.

The game continues the adventures of the vampire-turned-wraith Raziel, the protagonist of "Soul Reaver". Though Raziel initially seeks to exact revenge on Kain, his murderer and former master, this objective is superseded by a higher quest for knowledge and a desire for freedom, as he finds himself manipulated by those he encounters and begins to learn more about his former life as a human. Traveling through history, he gradually exposes the truth behind his own past and destiny, as he uncovers the history of Nosgoth.

Hoping to deliver a more story-focused, cinematic experience than "Soul Reaver", Crystal Dynamics researched time travel fiction, theology, and the works of Joseph Campbell when creating "Soul Reaver 2"'s narrative. Critics praised the game for its involved storyline, visuals and puzzles, but criticized it for lacking replay value and ending without a definite resolution. Its developers felt the final product fell short of their ambitions, but it performed well commercially, and was included on Sony's "Greatest Hits" list.

"Soul Reaver 2" is a single-player action-adventure game. The player controls Raziel, a ghostly "ex-vampire", from a third-person perspective. Gameplay, which is based on the original "", prompts the player to shift between two planes of existence—the material and spectral realms—to progress. The material realm represents the physical, living world, whereas the spectral realm is a warped mirror of this environment. In the spectral realm, the player cannot manipulate objects and weapons, and water is insubstantial. Raziel's health slowly regenerates in the spectral world, whereas it gradually depletes in the material realm. If Raziel runs out of health in the material world, he is shunted into the spectral realm, and if killed in this plane, he returns to the nearest checkpoint. Save points enable players to record their progress and continue their game.

Raziel retains most of the powers he possessed in the previous game, such as the abilities to glide, climb walls, fire bolts of telekinetic energy, and swim. To sustain his strength and travel between the planes, he must devour souls; this is typically accomplished by defeating enemies. The game's combat consists of a hack and slash system, entailing the use of combinations of attacks before executing a finishing move. Human enemies exist only in the material world, and include mercenaries, demon hunters, and the Sarafan, a monastic order of vampire hunters; other material creatures include dogs, thralls, and mutants. Sluagh are enemies who exclusively inhabit the spirit world, whereas cross-planar beings such as demons and shades can pursue the player between both realms. Enemies leave behind souls when killed, which replenish Raziel's health once consumed.

The player's primary weapon is a ghostly version of the Soul Reaver sword, referred to as the wraith-blade. The wraith-blade is symbiotically bound to Raziel, and can be summoned or dismissed at any time in the material world, but, if overused, the sword can turn against Raziel, siphoning his health. Other weapons include claws, swords and spears. As the game progresses, the player encounters magical forges which imbue the wraith-blade with elemental powers associated with darkness, light, air, and fire. These enhancements have various uses, but are only available in the material realm. If Raziel shifts, he loses his active elemental imbuement, and must re-forge the blade at locations scattered throughout the game world.

"Soul Reaver 2" is set in Nosgoth, a fictional land with fantasy aspects. In the first game in the series, "", the vampire Kain embarks on a journey to restore the Pillars of Nosgoth—nine supernatural edifices which are inextricably tied to the health of the land, but become corrupted. During his adventure, Moebius, a manipulative sorcerer, tricks Kain into orchestrating the destruction of the vampire race: Kain is left the last surviving vampire in Nosgoth. After restoring eight of the Pillars, Kain discovers that he would need to sacrifice his own life to restore the final corrupt one. Realizing that his death would ensure the annihilation of his species, he refuses to kill himself. This triggers the Pillars' collapse, and dooms the world to eternal decay, but enables Kain to live on and revive the vampire race.

By the time of "Soul Reaver", 1500 years later, Kain is a despotic emperor, his vampires dominate the land, and Nosgoth hinges on the brink of collapse. The Elder God, a demiurge-like entity, lurks beneath Nosgoth and controls the cycle of reincarnation; the vampires, whose biological immortality opposes his doctrine, are his enemies. In "Soul Reaver", Raziel—Kain's lieutenant—is executed by Kain, but The Elder God resurrects him and encourages him to exact revenge. Traversing the wasteland and murdering the vampires, Raziel confronts Kain, who attacks him with the Soul Reaver sword, imbued with a spirit which absorbs its victims' souls. The Soul Reaver shatters when it strikes Raziel, and the blade's spirit binds itself to his arm. His motives still mysterious, Kain lures Raziel through a time portal into Nosgoth's past.

In "Soul Reaver 2", it is established that, in Nosgoth, fatalism is an actuality—history is immutable, and all individuals are subject to predestination. Raziel, due to his paradoxical destiny, is the only exception to this rule—his presence enables temporal paradoxes to be triggered, altering history for better or worse. Kain relies on Raziel's free will in a bid to outsmart Moebius and resolve the dilemma he faced in "Blood Omen", ultimately hoping to enable both the restored Pillars and the vampire race to co-exist in the future. "Soul Reaver 2" opens as Raziel emerges from the time slip and is greeted by Moebius, having arrived in an era 30 years prior to the events of "Blood Omen". Two further time periods, 100 years after and 500 years before "Blood Omen" respectively, are also explored as the story progresses.

Raziel returns as the protagonist of "Soul Reaver 2". In "Soul Reaver", Raziel discovered that he was once a human and a leading member of the vampire-hunting Sarafan brotherhood, and his epiphanies drive the conflict in the story. Kain, the antagonist of "Soul Reaver", appears as a non-player character in cutscenes, urging Raziel to unearth his destiny. Moebius the Time Streamer, a sorcerer who was a villain in "Blood Omen" and had a cameo at the end of "Soul Reaver", is a primary antagonist of "Soul Reaver 2" who attempts to manipulate Raziel into destroying Kain—it is revealed that he is an agent of The Elder God, Raziel's ally and guide in "Soul Reaver", who is slowly established as a more sinister entity. Ariel, a specter bound to the Pillars who featured in "Blood Omen" and "Soul Reaver", returns, and the vampire Vorador, also from "Blood Omen", assists Raziel early in the game. The ancient vampire Janos Audron, a new character who was previously only mentioned in "Blood Omen", acts as Raziel's mentor towards the end of the story.

The game begins by summarizing "Soul Reavers ending: Raziel confronts Kain in Nosgoth's wasteland, and pursues him through a portal leading to the past. Moebius, the leader of a vampire-hunting crusade in this age, coerces Raziel to re-embrace his former heritage as a Sarafan vampire hunter by killing Kain. Though Raziel is initially eager to do so, his enthusiasm wanes over time as he witnesses the ruthlessness of Moebius's soldiers. Kain, who is destined to die at Raziel's hands in this era, implores Raziel to thwart fate and instead facilitate his quest to restore the Pillars. After he learns that Moebius serves The Elder God, and that he has thus been duped, Raziel faces a decision: indulge his lust for vengeance but submit to fate by killing Kain, or defy his cohorts and exercise his free will by exerting mercy.

While exploring this period, Raziel discovers evidence that two ancient races waged war in Nosgoth's distant past. One race created the Pillars to banish their adversaries, but the enemy race—the Hylden—retaliated with a curse which transformed the Pillars' architects into the first vampires. Kain explains that, had he sacrificed himself, the vampire race—the rightful inheritors of the Pillars—would have become extinct. Raziel chooses to spare Kain, causing a paradox; history reshuffles itself to accommodate the extension of Kain's life. He, however, refuses to indulge Kain's plans any further, instead opting to explore his own past. Vorador tells Raziel that the last of the ancient vampires, Janos Audron, held the key to Raziel's destiny, but Janos was murdered by the Sarafan five centuries ago.

Deciding to speak with Janos, Raziel orders Moebius to send him further back in time. Moebius deceives Raziel, instead conveying him over a century into the future, where he and The Elder God highlight the consequences of the Pillars' destruction to turn Raziel against Kain. Raziel navigates the future era and finds his own way back to the age of the Sarafan and Janos Audron. There, Janos presents Raziel with the Reaver, a younger version of the physical Soul Reaver blade which will later house a soul-devouring spirit. Suddenly, a group of Sarafan led by Raziel's former, human self launch an ambush, and Janos sacrifices himself. Raziel swears vengeance as Janos dies, and pursues the attackers. He uses the Reaver to kill them and his younger self, renouncing his Sarafan past.

The wraith-blade attached to Raziel's arm, over-aroused after the deaths of the Sarafan, suddenly seizes control of the physical Reaver, and impales Raziel; Raziel, horrified, then realizes his destiny. He himself has always been the ravenous spirit inside the Reaver, and therefore is fated to be stuck in a time loop; the sword shattered against him in "Soul Reaver" because it was unable to consume itself. While his soul is being drawn into the sword, Kain emerges and tears the Reaver from Raziel's body, saving him in reciprocation and forcing history to reshuffle again. However, this paradox strains Nosgoth's history too far, enabling the Hylden to return and jeopardize his ambition to restore the Pillars. Amidst Kain's dismay, Raziel realizes that the wraith-blade is still bound to him, and laments that his destiny has not been changed, but merely .

Even before the release of "Soul Reaver", Crystal Dynamics were aware that they would create a follow-up, but had no "master plan". "Soul Reaver" uses the engine of "". Prior to the beginning of development, director Amy Hennig emphasized that the role-playing game elements of "Blood Omen", stronger dialogue and character interaction, a greater variety of acquirable mechanics, and wider use of the spectral realm should figure into the sequel. Pre-production began in late 1999, and the project briefly entered development for the PlayStation and Dreamcast with a targeted release date in fall of 2000. The team was given approval to switch to the PlayStation 2 after creating a proof-of-concept demo for E3 2000, and the game was announced as an console exclusive title for the PlayStation 2, dropping the Dreamcast and original PlayStation versions in the process. Executive producer Andrew Bennett analogized the developers' design sensibilities to the non-linear nature of Nintendo's "The Legend of Zelda" and "Mario" franchises, but said it was decided that "Soul Reaver 2" would not be a "traditional 'complete a level, fight a boss' type of game". Level designers constructed a generalized puzzle and object-interaction system, helping to prevent an undesired re-emergence of "Soul Reaver"'s abundant block puzzles. Instead of creating more inherent and optional abilities for Raziel, they focused on including new, mandatory enhancements for the Soul Reaver weapon.

On the decision to downplay Raziel's quest for vengeance against Kain in this sequel, Hennig explained, "he's being pretty simple-minded, he's sort of being very black-and-white in his interpretation of things, and being kind of petulant [...] he's not really as heroic as Kain is, and he has a lot of stuff to figure out, basically, about what's going on". "Soul Reaver 2" was crafted to feature a more cinematic, story-focused experience than its predecessor, which the developers felt had been "patchy" in this regard. It entered production after "Blood Omen 2", but shipped almost six months before the latter game. A separate team within Crystal Dynamics, with creative autonomy, developed "Blood Omen 2", and contradictions created by its scenario hindered work on "Soul Reaver 2". After researching time travel fiction, Hennig devised a subplot concerning temporal paradoxes to resolve the continuity problems between both titles, and established that "Blood Omen 2"'s story is a product of the final paradox created when Kain saves Raziel at the end of "Soul Reaver 2". Other themes were inspired by the works of Joseph Campbell, and theology surrounding Gnosticism. Concepts which formulated the crux of the story included the idea "that the only way a hero can ever succeed is by following his own path", and the question, "can you change history or not? And if so, what does it mean to change history - in terms of being responsible for the repercussions?"

British comic book writer Paul Jenkins was drafted by Crystal Dynamics to help refine the game's script. Though "Soul Reaver" features a variety of boss encounters, "Soul Reaver 2" does not; this was a conscious decision on the part of the staff, to ensure the game's pacing more closely emulated that of a novel or a film, although near the end of the game, the Sarafan commanders including Raziel's human self are considered somewhat as a "bosses" since they are more challenging than the usual enemies during the game. While expanding the series' fiction, Hennig sought to take people back to the characters and mythology of the original "Blood Omen", and built on its latent themes, including issues of fatalism, ethical dilemma and morality. In an interview, she stated that "the game will have a proper ending this time", and said "it has a conclusion. It's the end of a chapter. There won't be a cliffhanger". However, the story needed to be restructured several times before its completion, and, like the original "Soul Reaver", many planned areas and abilities were excised, including three elemental forges (earth, water and spirit), more Reaver enhancements, and nine "spell-type things". She explained that the project's small programming crew, its switch to the PlayStation 2, and its limited 17 month production schedule had forced the team to "pick their battles", leading numerous features to be simplified or eliminated. Commenting on the final product, lead designer Richard Lemarchand said that "Soul Reaver 2" "fell short of what the team had wanted to accomplish. In particular, some puzzles were too opaque, the combat was rather one-dimensional, [and the story] ended without a decent resolution".

"Soul Reaver 2" was composed by Kurt Harland, of American band Information Society, and Jim Hedges. Harland and Hedges had already collaborated on "Soul Reaver", but Hedges had not previously contributed compositions. The adaptive audio framework from the previous game returned; depending on signals from the game in certain situations—such as combat, puzzles, danger or suspense—the game's soundtrack actively changes. Music from both "Soul Reaver" and "Soul Reaver 2" was released on a promotional soundtrack in 2001.

Gordon Hunt returned as the game's recording director, with Kris Zimmerman as casting director. Voice actors from both "Blood Omen" and "Soul Reaver" reprised their roles, with Michael Bell playing Raziel and Simon Templeman portraying Kain. The Elder God was again voiced by Tony Jay, Richard Doyle voiced Moebius, and Anna Gunn played Ariel. Paul Lukather, absent from "Soul Reaver", rejoined the cast as Vorador. René Auberjonois, the only newcomer to the "Legacy of Kain" series, provided the voice of Janos Audron.

Publisher Eidos Interactive was "broadly satisfied" with the commercial performance of "Soul Reaver 2", which sold more than 500,000 copies by June 2002. Later, Sony re-released it under the "Greatest Hits" label. Shortly after the initial PlayStation 2 release in October 2001, the Microsoft Windows port shipped, developed by Nixxes Software BV. The PlayStation 2 release featured bonus material, including voice casting outtakes, artworks, a soundtrack, trailers, the game's dialogue script, and a compilation of Nosgoth's history. In 2012, digital distribution services GOG.com and Steam made the Windows port of "Soul Reaver 2" available for purchase.

On the PlayStation 2, "Soul Reaver 2" respectively received an aggregate score of 80.71% and 80/100 from rating websites GameRankings and Metacritic. Various reviewers held its storytelling, visuals and sound in high regard, but described its gameplay as dull and unsatisfying. Doug Perry of IGN praised the game's dark atmosphere and intriguing story, but said that it can become tiresome and drag on. He thought the "haughtiness" and drama of the dialogue, particularly between Raziel and Kain, was often overdone, and noted that its gameplay was near identical to that of its predecessor but with less replay value. Perry enjoyed the new puzzles involving the elemental powers of the Reaver for being more complex and diverse than the block puzzles of "Soul Reaver", and praised the combat system. He gave the game a score of 9.0, but in his later review for "Defiance", he revised his opinion, saying this rating was "way too high" and "that game told a great story, but just didn't deserve that score".

Joe Fielder of GameSpot gave "Soul Reaver 2" a score of 8.8 and called it an excellent sequel, again praising the change to elemental puzzles and the combat system, but criticizing the dearth of sidequests and boss fights, and the lack of definite resolution to the storyline. "Electronic Gaming Monthly"'s reviewer said that it triumphed as an aesthetic showcase, but deemed its gameplay mediocre and unappealing. The reviewer for "Game Informer" regarded "Soul Reaver 2" as "quite engrossing". Star Dingo of "GamePro" similarly praised its graphics, sound design and voice acting, but condemned missed creative opportunities concerning the potential of the spectral realm and time travel, saying that the game "takes as many steps back as it does forward, and ends up teetering precariously over the brink of being a disappointment". The review concurred with IGN that the plot and dialogue, though entertaining, sometimes bordered on pretentiousness, and Game Revolution's Duke Ferris repeatedly compared the story to a soap opera.

Other critics, such as GameZone's Michael Lafferty, were less reserved in their praise of the narrative—"The Electric Playground" referred to it as "a textbook example to other console developers on how to write videogame prose"—but agreed that its complex and involved backstory could alienate some players. The Adrenaline Vault's Mike Laidlaw stated that "the folks at Crystal Dynamics obviously have no kindness in their heart for game reviewers trying desperately to describe the plot". Journalists also commonly cited "Soul Reaver 2"'s poor lifespan and replayability as an issue; the reviewer for "Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine" opined that "the problem is that there just isn't much gameplay there" and Fielder warned that play "burns bright, but not as long as you'd like". 


</doc>
<doc id="2172792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2172792" title="Terminal Velocity (video game)">
Terminal Velocity (video game)

Terminal Velocity is a simulation video game originally developed by Terminal Reality and published by 3D Realms for DOS and Windows 95 and MacSoft for Mac OS. It is an arcade-style flight combat game, with simpler game controls and physics than flight simulators. It is known for its fast, high-energy action sequences, compared to flight simulators of the time.

Terminal Reality also developed a similar game, "Fury3", published that same year by Microsoft. It used the same game engine and basic game mechanics, but was designed to run natively on the new Windows 95 operating system. Though considered to add little to the gameplay of "Terminal Velocity", "Fury3" spawned an add-on pack, "F!Zone", as well as a sequel, "Hellbender".

In 2015, co-founder of Terminal Reality, the game's original developer Mark Randel, released a version for Android & iOS, published by Trebuchet Entertainment LLC.

"Terminal Velocity" is a combat flight simulator. The player's craft has no inertia, meaning its course can be changed instantly and can fly at low speeds without falling. There are seven different weapons, ranging from guns, blasters and rockets to homing missiles and a rare secret weapon. Additionally, it possesses powerful afterburners that allow it to move at very high speed, which is useful in order to evade attacks, but sacrifices the ability to return fire temporarily (they can be selected like weapons, and if they are, the fire button will ignite the afterburners). The craft is able to survive some hits, and even some collisions with the terrain, including tunnels.

Each of the 27 missions consists of several objectives, e.g. enemies which must be destroyed, tunnel entrances and exits, mere checkpoints, and an extraction point. At the end of each planet is a powerful boss enemy (or more rarely, a weak boss enemy) that must be destroyed before either proceeding to the next planet or completing the episode.

"Terminal Velocity" (called "Velocity Brawl" during development) was co-produced by Tom Hall. The main programmer of the game was Mark Randel, the former lead programmer of "Microsoft Flight Simulator".

The game has three episodes, the first of which was distributed as shareware. Each episode features three different worlds, making a total of nine levels; the only exception is the final planet of Episode 3, Proxima Seven, which has only two stages. At the end of each world is a boss enemy that must be destroyed before proceeding to the next world. Following the release of the shareware version, publisher 3D Realms was inundated with requests that the game be playable with a mouse, leading the company to include a mouse option in the commercial version of the game.

The original floppy disk release was followed by a CD-ROM version. The CD-ROM version added 70 MB of extended pre-rendered 3D cut scenes, a bonus hidden planet, higher image resolution (including more detailed textures) and support for 8-player network multiplay. The Macintosh port was published separately by MacSoft.

The story is set in the year 2704, when the ASFAR (Alliance of Space-Faring Alien Races), of which Earth is a member, suddenly turns against Earth and their fleet ravages the planet, starting a war. The player flies a powerful starfighter, the TV-202, in a series of missions to defeat the enemy. In Episode 3, the player learns that a huge supercomputer known as X.I. (Xenocidic Initiative), located on Proxima Seven, is responsible for the war. Their final mission is to eliminate it. A hidden mission can take place after the main plot only in the CD ROM version where the player must investigate a sudden metamorphosis of an unknown nearby planet and destroy the force that changed the face of the planet. It is revealed here that this force drove a man named Sy Wickens into insanity, and how the X.I. Supercomputer had "accidentally" digitized Sy Wickens' persona.

A reviewer for "Next Generation", while acknowledging that the game is "fun to play" and has a uniquely wide variety of open locales, gave it an overall negative review. Arguing that the game is a first-person shooter and that "the genre, as currently exploited, is beginning to wear thin", he gave it two out of five stars.



</doc>
<doc id="2174024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174024" title="WWF Raw (2002 video game)">
WWF Raw (2002 video game)

WWE Raw (formerly WWF Raw) is a professional wrestling video game released on the Xbox and Microsoft Windows by THQ in 2002. It is based on the television series of the same name. It was the first WWE game released on the Xbox and also the last WWE game released on PC until the release of "WWE 2K15" thirteen years later in 2015. It is also the last game released under the WWF name as the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) changed its name to World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) in May of that year. A sequel was released in 2003.

During development, the game was originally called "WWF Raw is War", but the title was changed after the WWF shortened the TV show's title in October 2001 due to September 11 attacks and end of Monday Night Wars. In Japan, a limited edition was released with a shirt and a figure of the Undertaker or Hollywood Hulk Hogan (who does not appear in the game).

The game offers the players a wrestling experience with various matches like singles match, tag team match, triple threat, fatal four-way, battle royal and handicap matches. The players can also play various tournaments such as King of the Ring and several title tournaments. They can create their own character as well as their attire, move set and entrance. The game has a weak/strong grapple system and there are two types of grapples: one which is done with normal opponents and other with groggy opponents. The normal grapples do little harm when compared to grapples done when the opponent is stunned. There is a voltage meter which shows the momentum of the wrestlers. Special move, high flying attacks and taunting boost the momentum while repeated attacks cost loss in momentum. Finishers can only be applied when the opponent is stunned and the voltage meter is flashing. Excessive use of finisher also cause loss in momentum. 

The game received "mixed or average reviews" on both platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic. In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the Xbox version an unfavorably low score of 10 out of 40.



</doc>
<doc id="2174343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2174343" title="The Godfather (2006 video game)">
The Godfather (2006 video game)

The Godfather is a 2006 open world action-adventure video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts. Originally released in March 2006 for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, and Xbox it was later released for the PlayStation Portable as The Godfather: Mob Wars, Xbox 360 as The Godfather, Wii as The Godfather: Blackhand Edition, and PlayStation 3 as The Godfather: The Don's Edition.

The game is based upon the 1972 film "The Godfather" and tells the story of a non-canon character, Aldo Trapani, whose rise through the ranks of the Corleone family intersects with the plot of the film on numerous occasions. His actions in the game often take the form of events that happened off screen in the film; for example, he avenges Bonasera's daughter, drives Vito Corleone to the hospital after he is shot, plants the gun for Michael Corleone to kill Sollozzo and Captain McCluskey, and places the horse's head in Jack Woltz's bed. Although the game was condemned by Francis Ford Coppola, who claimed Paramount never told him about its development or asked for his input, it does feature voice acting from several stars of the film, including James Caan as Sonny Corleone, Robert Duvall as Tom Hagen and Abe Vigoda as Salvatore Tessio. Marlon Brando also recorded dialogue for Vito Corleone, in what would be his final acting job, but his ill health made most of his recordings unusable.

"The Godfather" received mixed to positive reviews across most systems, although the PlayStation Portable version was generally seen as inferior to the others. The game was a commercial success, selling over two million units. In 2009, a sequel was released for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. Based on the 1974 film, "The Godfather Part II", the sequel did not sell as well nor do as well with critics as had the original, and EA scrapped plans for an adaptation of the third film.

"The Godfather" is an open world action-adventure game played from a third-person perspective, in which the player controls Aldo Trapani as he ascends through the ranks of the Corleone family, with his rise intersecting with the narrative of the film on numerous occasions. The basic gameplay and game mechanics are similar to most open world titles as the player can travel across the city freely, commandeer vehicles, do whatever they want in terms of attacking and/or killing innocent civilians, and progress through the storyline at their own leisure, spending as much time traversing the city as they wish.

Much of the game is based around third-person shooting, with the player able to wield a .38 snub nose, a pistol, a magnum, a Tommy gun, and a shotgun, as well as projectiles such as Molotov cocktails and dynamite. The game features both a lock-on system and a manual aiming system. In the manual system, the players have complete freedom to aim wherever they wish. In the lock-on system, when the player locks a target, a targeting reticule appears on-screen. The longer the player is locked on, the smaller the reticule gets, allowing for more precise aiming. Within the lock-on system, the player also has a certain degree of freedom to aim manually; the reticule can be moved around the locked on target, allowing the player to target specific areas. If the reticule turns red, the player has found a weak point. All enemies have five weak points: their two knees and their two shoulders, plus their groin. If the player shoots one of their knees, the enemy will no longer be able to run, but will continue to shoot back. If the player hits a shoulder, the enemy won't be able to fire back or fight. Hitting the groin accomplishes the same effect as a knee shot, also stunning the target.

The other mode of combat in the game is melee combat, for which the game uses a system dubbed "BlackHand", after the Black Hand extortion method. Once the player has locked onto an NPC, either hostile or non-hostile, they use the right analog stick to engage in melee combat. The system allows for light attacks, heavy attacks and directional attacks. It also allows the player to swing the opponent around, drag them, strangle them, lift them to their feet if they fall to their knees, slam them against walls, smash their head against counters, throw them over ledges and out windows, and perform execution maneuvers when the opponent is suitably weakened. Players can also wield numerous melee weapons, such as baseball bats, tire irons, police batons, and wrenches. For the PlayStation 3 "Don's Edition" and the Wii "Blackhand Edition", the BlackHand system has been enhanced, utilizing the motion sensor capabilities of the SIXAXIS and the Wii Remote.

A major part of "The Godfather"s gameplay is extorting businesses. The player must extort business to earn enough respect to level up, to complete certain missions, and to earn money. When the player is attempting to intimidate a business owner into paying protection money, a meter appears on screen with a green bar and a red bar. To get the owner to agree to pay, the player must intimidate them until the meter fills up to the green bar. After this point, the more intimidation the player can achieve, the more money the owner will pay out. However, if the meter passes the red bar, the owner will begin to fight back and will refuse to pay anything. Every business owner has a weak point, something they particularly fear, and if the player finds it, the amount of money paid out will rise faster than the meter fills, allowing the player to extort more money before the meter reaches the red zone. Intimidation methods include beating the owner up, throwing them around, smashing their shop, attacking customers, or pointing firearms at them. In the Xbox 360, Wii and PlayStation 3 versions of the game, the player will occasionally have the option of carrying out a favor for a business owner rather than intimidating them. This can involve carrying out a hit on someone, scaring someone, or going to a particular location at a particular time. If the player chooses to perform the favor, the amount of protection money paid by the owner will be maximized.

There are five main geographical regions in the game; Little Italy (controlled by the Corleone family), Brooklyn (controlled by the Tattaglia family), New Jersey (controlled by the Stracci family), Hell's Kitchen (controlled by the Cuneo family) and Midtown (controlled by the Barzini family). At the start of the game, the entire map is available for the player to explore, but the game encourages the player to remain in Little Italy, as it is the easiest area of which to gain control. To completely control an area, the player must extort all business and rackets owned by the other families, and take over their warehouses and hubs. Many businesses serve as fronts to rackets, which can be taken over in a similar manner to the front, although in the case of a racket, the player has the option of simply buying the racket boss out. Rackets yield more money than businesses.

The player can also gain control of warehouses and hubs. Warehouses supply rackets, and hubs supply warehouses. Both warehouses and hubs are heavily guarded, and the player must fight their way inside, and find the boss, who they can then intimidate as with business owners and racket bosses. Warehouses pay out more than rackets and hubs pay out more than warehouses. Ultimately, the player must tackle the enemies' strongest holdout - their compound. Once the compound is destroyed, that family has been defeated. To destroy a compound, the player must fight their way inside and then plant a bomb. All compounds have two buildings, both of which must be bombed. Each compound is heavily guarded by opposing family members.

As the player takes over a rival families' businesses and kills their men, their vendetta level will rise. If it gets too high, a mob war will break out. This results in members of the opposing family attacking the player on sight, and attempting to bomb Corleone owned businesses, rackets, warehouses and hubs. The only way to win a mob war is to bomb a rival family business or bribe an FBI agent to distract the opposing family until the vendetta level has lowered.

As well as vendetta levels, the player must also be aware of "heat" during the game. Shooting rival family members in public, killing innocent people, or attacking police officers will all raise heat levels. If the level gets too high, police will fire upon the player on sight. To avoid this, the player can bribe police to ignore them for a while. Bribing a police captain will earn the player more time during which the police turn a blind eye than bribing a street cop. In the Xbox 360, Wii and PlayStation 3 versions, bribed police will often fight on the player's side in shootouts with rival families. Also in the Xbox 360, Wii and PlayStation 3 versions, the player can blackmail rather than bribe the captain, but only if certain information has been learned from an NPC about the captain's activities.

In addition to extorting businesses and attempting to destroy rival families, the player must also engage in story missions. Completing story missions is the only way for the player to advance in rank in the Corleone family, moving from Outsider through the ranks of Enforcer, Associate, Soldier, Capo, Underboss, Don and, finally, Don of NYC. However, completing all of the storyline missions will only take the player to the level of Underboss. To achieve the Don of NYC level, the player must take over all rival businesses, rackets, warehouses, and hubs, destroy all compounds, and own every safehouse.

Apart from progressing in rank in the Corleone family, the other method of progression in the game involves "Respect." Earning respect allows the player to level up, which awards skill points to spend on various attributes. Respect can be earned by numerous means, such as completing missions, extorting businesses, taking over rackets, blowing up safes, bribing police officers, robbing banks, successfully flirting with women, entering new areas, carrying out execution maneuvers or performing hits and favors.

The game begins in Little Italy in 1936. Johnny Trapani (voiced by Adam Harrington), an intermediate ranking member of the Corleone family, is meeting his wife, Sarafina (Sirenetta Leoni), when their bakery explodes. Trapani is then beaten up and killed by members of the Barzini family, with Emilio Barzini (Michael Kopsa) telling him "sorry Johnny, it's just business." Moments later, Trapani's son Aldo (Andrew Pifko) arrives, and is comforted by Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando/Doug Abrahams), who tells him that when he is old enough and the time is right, he will have his revenge.

The game then jumps to 1945. Sarafina comes to see Vito, telling him that Aldo has fallen in with a disreputable group of friends. Vito sends Luca Brasi (Garry Chalk) to find Aldo and recruit him into the family. After teaching Aldo how to fight and earn protection money, Brasi sends him to meet Paulie Gatto (Tony Alcantar), who introduces him to, Marty "Monk" Malone (Jason Schombing). Gatto has been assigned to take revenge on a group of men who attacked the daughter of an undertaker, Bonasera, a friend of Vito's. Gatto, Monk and Aldo beat up the gang, and Aldo then joins Brasi on a mission to meet with Bruno Tattaglia (Joe Paulino) and Virgil Sollozzo (Richard Newman). Several days previously, Vito refused to enter the cocaine trade with Sollozzo. Knowing that Sollozzo feels angered by this refusal, Vito is worried about revenge, and has sent Brasi to pretend he is unhappy working for the Corleones, and wishes to join the Tattaglia family, who are supporting Sollozzo. However, Bruno and Sollozzo kill Brasi, witnessed by Aldo through a window. He flees, meeting Monk and his sister, Frankie (Jennifer Copping). As Aldo explains what happened, there is an attempted hit on Vito nearby. Aldo ensures Frankie is safe, before helping Fredo (Andrew Moxham) transport Vito to the hospital.

Aldo then heads to the Corleone compound, where he meets caporegimes Peter Clemenza (Doug Abrahams) and Salvatore Tessio (Abe Vigoda), acting Don Sonny Corleone (James Caan), and consigliere Tom Hagen (Robert Duvall). Impressed with Aldo's bravery, Tom makes him an Enforcer, and Clemenza sends him to guard Vito in the hospital. Whilst there, Aldo meets Frankie, and the two make a date. Meanwhile, Michael Corleone (Joseph May) arrives, and finds all the Corleone guards gone, except Aldo. As a Tattaglia hit squad arrives, Aldo gets Frankie out of the building whilst Michael has a nurse move Vito's bed. Aldo then kills the hit squad. Police led by Captain McCluskey (Doug Abrahams), who is being paid by Sollozzo, arrive, ordering Michael and Aldo to leave. However, Tom arrives with a group of private detectives to guard Vito, and the police reluctantly allow them to enter.

At the compound, Tom promotes Aldo to Associate. Realizing it was Paulie who sold Vito out to Sollozzo, Sonny orders Clemenza to have him killed. Clemenza assigns the hit to Aldo. After Gatto is dead, Tom sends Aldo to accompany Rocco Lampone (Michael Dobson) to Hollywood to persuade a studio executive named Jack Woltz (Doug Abrahams) into giving Vito's godson, Johnny Fontane, the starring role in a new film. Rocco and Aldo decapitate Woltz' prized stallion, and place the head in his bed as he sleeps, terrifying him into casting Fontane. Back in New York, the Corleones purchase an apartment in Midtown for Aldo and Frankie. Sollozzo and McClusky arrange a meeting with Michael to try to bring the conflict to a peaceful resolution. However, Michael hopes to assassinate them. Clemenza has Aldo hide a gun in the toilet of the restaurant where the meeting is taking place, and Michael kills them both. Aldo then drives him to the docks, where he leaves for Sicily. Meanwhile, Vito is released from hospital and promotes Aldo to Soldier, officially making him a made man of the Corleone family.

Shortly thereafter, a group of Tattaglia soldiers kill Frankie. Sonny tells Aldo that Bruno Tattaglia ordered the hit, and is hiding at his funeral home. A furious Aldo heads there and kills Bruno. As Aldo returns to the compound, Sonny speeds off in a car. Carlo Rizzi has attacked Sonny's sister, and Sonny is heading to their house to kill him. On his way, he is killed by a Tattaglia hit squad. Aldo arrives moments later, interrogating the leader, who tells him the hit was not ordered by Philip Tattaglia (Bill Meilen), but by Emilio Barzini, who is secretly pulling Tattaglia strings. Upon hearing of Sonny's death, Vito calls an end to the war and arranges to meet the heads of the families. At the meeting, he assures Tattaglia there will be no retribution for the death of Sonny, on the condition that Michael be allowed to safely return to America. The families agree to this, and Vito makes peace with Tattaglia.

After Michael returns, he becomes the new Don, with Vito retiring, and shortly thereafter, dying. Michael promotes Aldo to Caporegime. Learning the FBI are conducting an investigation into the Corleones, Michael sends Aldo and Monk to find out what they know. When Aldo arrives at the hotel used by the FBI, Monk tells him Michael has learned a Corleone informant is meeting with the FBI at that moment, and they are to kill him. They storm the hotel, and Monk kills a lone FBI agent, before escaping. Aldo realizes that Monk himself is the informant. Michael calls, telling Aldo he knew there was an informant but was unsure if it was Monk or Aldo, and the job was a ruse to smoke out the culprit. Aldo follows Monk, who admits he blamed the Corleone family for Frankie's death, and allied with the Cuneo family. Incredulous with Monk's betrayal, Aldo kills him.

Aldo returns to the compound to see Tessio held at gun point. Tom explains Tessio had set Michael up to be murdered - he had arranged a meeting between Michael and the Barzini family at which Michael would be killed. Aldo heads to the meeting with Tessio, killing the Barzini assassins and then killing Tessio. Michael then summons Aldo to a church in Little Italy where he is acting as godfather for his sister's son. During the ceremony, Michael has Aldo assassinate the heads of the four families - Victor Stracci, Carmine Cuneo, Philip Tattaglia, and Emilio Barzini. With the aid of Clemenza, Willi Cicci (Gavin Hammon), Rocco Lampone and Al Neri (Terence McGovern), Aldo carries out each hit, finally avenging the death of his father at the hands of Barzini. Michael then promotes Aldo to Underboss. If the player keeps playing at this point, and Aldo bombs all four rival family compounds, he is promoted to Don of New York.

"The Godfather" was first announced by Electronic Arts on March 10, 2004. Speaking at the Bear Stearns Media, Entertainment & Information Conference in Palm Beach, Florida, EA's CFO Warren Jensen confirmed rumors that EA were working on a "Godfather" game. No other details were revealed except for the fact that it would "likely be an M-rated game," making it EA's first ever M-rated title. The game was first shown at the 2004 Spike Video Game Awards on December 14. Slated for a third quarter release in 2005 on as yet unspecified current generation systems, EA showed a pre-rendered cutscene depicting Vito Corleone drinking wine, scratching his cheek, and then looking into the camera and saying "Some day, and that day may never come, I may call upon you to do a service for me. But until that day, accept this, as a gift."

Gameplay details remained unknown until January 2005, when "Famitsu" published an interview with producer Hunter Smith. He revealed the game would be an open world title in the vein of the "Grand Theft Auto" games, and that, at present, developers EA Redwood Shores had one-hundred-and-twenty staff working full-time on the game, with that number expected to increase to two-hundred in the coming months. He stated that although the game itself was only 15% complete, the narrative was finalized; players would control an original character who begins as a small-time member of the Corleone family, and must work his way up through the ranks. He stated that EA had wanted to make an open-world game for some time; "We wanted to make a title with the same style of open world, but with a strong background, one where you build human relationships while creating your own story." He also explained that the player's progression path through the game could be determined by the player, but would intersect with the plot of the film at certain points, and the player would get to participate in famous scenes from the movie; "It's constructed so that players will appear in the scene and will feel as if they are alive within it."

On February 1, "The Hollywood Reporter" revealed Marlon Brando, James Caan and Robert Duvall had been hired to reprise their roles as Vito Corleone, Sonny Corleone and Tom Hagen, respectively. All three had also allowed EA to use their likenesses in the game, with both Caan and Duvall doing facial motion capture work. Although Brando had died in July of the previous year, he had recorded dialogue for the game prior to his death, in what was his last acting job. It was also revealed that EA had acquired the rights to Nino Rota's score for the film. Later that same day, EA released its first official statement regarding the game, announcing it was being released for PlayStation 2, Xbox, Microsoft Windows and PlayStation Portable. Executive producer David De Martini stated "We are incredibly excited and honored to have the opportunity to bring the fiction of "The Godfather" to life in a video game. "The Godfather" movies raised the standard for cinematic achievement with their high level of drama and intense storytelling, and in fall 2005 gamers will be able to experience that dangerous and living world of "The Godfather" for themselves."

The game officially premiered on February 10, in a red carpet event held in Little Italy, with James Caan, Robert Duvall and Johnny Martino (who played Paulie Gatto in the film) in attendance. At the event, it was announced that a playable demo would not be available until the E3 event in May. David De Martini explained the game had already been in development for two years, including a full year of preproduction and research. He revealed the developers had worked closely with Mark Winegardner, author of "The Godfather Returns", to ensure the storyline stayed within the canon of the narrative, and maintained the correct tone. De Martini also stated that as well as Rota's score, Bill Conti and Ashley Irwin had composed one-hundred minutes of new music for the game.

In the build-up to E3 in May, EA announced the game would also be released for a next-generation platform; the Xbox 360. At the event itself, a playable demo was made available to journalists, but not to the public. The demo debuted the "BlackHand" control system, which had been developed by the inventor of the swing mechanism in the "Tiger Woods PGA Tour" franchise.

Speaking to GameSpot in June, David De Martini stated the original idea for the project was Paramount's, who first approached EA about a game adaptation of the film in early 2003. After numerous meetings, the concept was decided upon; a "dual-story" game that would feature a character moving through an open world and rising through the ranks of the Corleone family, whilst at the same time, following the plot of the film. De Martini explained

He stated "We wanted the game to heavily focus on what went on behind the scenes and in the living world. Not the ordering around but rather the actual activities that the order takers had to do on a daily basis to move the family interests forward." He also promised the game would be unlike any other open world game;

In July, "The New York Times" reported that Marlon Brando would not be voicing all of Vito Corleone's dialogue. Although Brando did record dialogue prior to his death, "his actual voice will not appear in the game [...] rather, his recordings are guiding a professional voice mimic." The article claimed that Brando's ailing health meant he could only breathe with the aid of an oxygen tank, the noise of which was picked up on the audio recordings, making them unusable in the game. After publication of the article, EA confirmed "we recorded multiple sessions with a sound-alike to capture the entire performance of the Don Vito character, something we were not able to do with Mr. Brando." However, they hoped that some of his audio may still make it into the game. Although it was already known that Al Pacino had turned down the opportunity to voice Michael Corleone, the article also revealed he had refused to lend his likeness to the game. Instead, Pacino had allowed Radical Entertainment to use his likeness for their upcoming game for Sierra Entertainment, "".

On July 13, EA announced the game would also be ported to the Wii. Although they revealed no further information, they did state the port would be custom built to take advantage of the Wii Remote. The following day, they announced the initial release of the game had been pushed to March 2006 so as to "ensure quality." De Martini explained ""The Godfather" is one of the most cherished franchises in entertainment. Releasing the game in early 2006 allows us more time to perfect the open-world experience of being a member of the Corleone family."

In January 2006, speaking to "GameSpot", De Martini said of the delay, "When you are dealing with a property like "The Godfather", you have to take special care in making sure your work meets the level fans have come to expect from the franchise. With this fiction in our game, we had to hit a home run. I am tremendously thankful that EA gave our team the time we needed to get it right. I think it turned a good game into a great one."

In an interview with IGN, he further explained,

On January 18, EA confirmed the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows versions would be released in March, with the PSP and Xbox 360 versions scheduled for later in the year. On January 26, it was announced the game would be released in North America on March 21. The game went gold on March 14.

In April 2005, Francis Ford Coppola, director of the three "Godfather" films, was asked about the game on AMC's "Sunday Morning Shootout". He responded,

However, the game's executive producer, David De Martini, implied Coppola did know about the game well in advance of its development, stating,

In June 2008, Anthony Puzo, son of author Mario Puzo, sued Paramount Pictures, claiming that a 1992 agreement between his father and Paramount entitled the author (or, as Mario had died in 1999, his estate) to a share of the profits generated from any audio-visual products based on or using elements of the films or novels. The court filing stated, "In material breach of the audio-visual products agreement, Paramount has failed and refused to pay the Puzo Estate the sums due it in respect of the "Godfather" game." In February 2009, Puzo won the suit, with Paramount paying out an undisclosed sum, thought to be in the region of several million dollars.

The PlayStation Portable version of the game was announced on February 1, 2005, alongside the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows versions. Originally scheduled for release with the other versions in Fall 2005, and then rescheduled for March 2006, the game was ultimately released in September 2006. There was no indication the PSP version would be a different game until July 11, 2006, when Electronics Boutique and GameStop changed their listing from simply "The Godfather" to The Godfather: Mob Wars, although there was no change in the game's content description on either website. The following day, EA confirmed the PSP version would indeed be called "Mob Wars" and would not be the same game as the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows versions.

At a press event on July 13, 2006, EA debuted "Mob Wars". The main difference between this version and the others is that "Mob Wars" does not feature an open-world environment in which the player is free to move around and extort whatever businesses they wish. Instead, the game features two distinct game modes; "Story Mode" and "Mob Wars." The "Mob Wars" mode replaces the open world element from the other versions of the game and is played from a top down view in which the player moves units in a turn-based strategy fashion, attempting to capture space owned by the rival families. An important element in this is a card battling mini-game which features a pool of over two-hundred cards with effects such as lowering vendetta levels, strengthening defenses, and allowing extra moves in a given turn.

For "Story Mode," the game switches to a 3D third-person perspective similar to that of the other versions, with the same lock-on system, and shooting and grappling mechanics. In "Mob Wars" mode, each turn has three phases; "Recruiting", "Negotiation", and "Intimidation". "Recruiting" allows the player to hire guards to protect already owned territory. "Negotiation" allows the player to select which cards they wish to use. "Intimidation" sees the player moving their units around the map, attempting to extort rival businesses. The player is free to play through "Story Mode" without playing "Mob Wars," or to play "Mob Wars" as much as they wish between missions in "Story Mode." Like in the other versions of the game, businesses taken over in "Mob Wars" yield money, which can be used to purchase better weaponry for use in "Story Mode". Like in the open world environment of the other versions of the game, to completely defeat a rival family, the player must destroy their compound. Also as in the other versions of the game, to finish the game to 100%, the player must complete all story missions in "Story Mode", and successfully extort all businesses, rackets, warehouses and hubs, and destroy all compounds in "Mob Wars" mode.

Originally announced on May 12, 2005, the Xbox 360 version was named The Godfather. Initially scheduled for a March 2006 release, when the PlayStation 2, Xbox and PC versions were pushed back from Fall 2005 to March 2006, the Xbox 360 and PSP versions were pushed back to September. Regarding the delay, executive producer David De Martini explained "The 360 version of the game will be released later this year, and we will be using the time between our March ship and the 360 version ship to take full advantage of the hardware with some key design modifications that will make the game rock on that platform."

The game was first shown at an EA press event on July 13, 2006. Designer Mike Olsen explained the 360 version "is 100% of the game on the Xbox, plus some." Graphically, the game features dynamic weather and diurnal cycles, and an enhanced particle system. All of the rackets feature new textures and geographical layouts, so they no longer all look the same, and each of the rival family compounds is completely different, with bomb locations different from compound to compound. The game also features new lighting and particle effects. In terms of gameplay, the game adds a favor system whereby rather than intimidating shop owners, the player can carry out favors for them. The player can also carry out favors for family members, in much the same way as they can carry out hits. A major addition to the game is the ability for the player to hire Corleone soldiers to join Aldo in combat. This can involve individually hiring a single family member, or hiring a crew of four men who accompany the player everywhere until they are dismissed or killed. Individual crew members cost different amounts, but the more expensive they are, the better they fight. A full crew can only be hired periodically; when a meter on the HUD is full. The game also features new story missions, such as rescuing Tom Hagen from Sollozzo, bombing Sollozzo's drug factories, and assassinating Moe Greene. The aiming system has also been tweaked, and the melee combat system has had additional combat moves added. Twenty-six new execution styles have also been added to the twenty-two existing ones.

In an interview with IGN, art manager Mark Lohff stated

Creative director Michael Perry stated

Released in March 2007, the Wii version was originally announced on July 13, 2005. Nothing further was heard until January 10, 2006, when GameFly listed the game under the title The Godfather: Blackhand Edition. The following day, EA confirmed this title. They also announced the Wii version would feature all of the graphical and gameplay enhancements of the Xbox 360 version. New to the Wii edition would be an enhanced upgrade system which allowed the player to spend their upgrade points on more specific attributes. The game would allow for two upgrade paths - "Enforcer" and "Operator". Enforcer would concentrate on fighting and shooting skills, whilst Operator would feature monetary enhancements, intimidation aids and health upgrades. The Wii version would also feature an enhanced "BlackHand" control system making use of the Wii Remote's unique capabilities.

In an interview with IGN, Joel Wade, producer of the Wii and PlayStation 3 versions, stated

The "Blackhand Edition" uses both the Wii Remote and the Nunchuk; if an enemy is on their knees, the player can pull the controllers upwards to lift them off the ground. Similarly, swinging the controllers from side to side swings an enemy around. Melee combat is similar to "Wii Sports Boxing" - the player literally throws the type of punch they want Aldo to throw in the game. Slamming enemies against walls is accomplished by shoving the controllers towards the screen, and head-butts, by quickly raising them upwards. The remote can also be used for executions, which require specific gestures, for opening doors, and for reloading weapons. For example, to reload a shotgun, the player must move the Nunchuk upwards and then quickly downwards to mimic the pump action of the weapon, and to reload a revolver, the player must flick the Nunchuk as if emptying the cylinder.

Released on the same day in March 2007 as the Wii version, and developed alongside it, the PlayStation 3 version was the last version of the game announced, and was not revealed until January 10, 2007, when GameFly listed it under the title The Godfather: The Don's Edition. The following day, EA confirmed the game would be coming to PlayStation 3 under this title, with all the graphical and gameplay enhancements of both the Xbox 360 version and the Wii version (including the deeper upgrade system). In a statement, EA said the "Don's Edition" would "take full advantage" of the SIXAXIS controller's motion sensor, and would also feature added gameplay in the form of "The Corleone Expansion Pack."

"The Don's Edition" features a more basic form of the gesture-based BlackHand control scheme seen in the Wii version. The game uses the SIXAXIS' motion sensor functionality in interrogations and, to a limited degree, during melee combat. As in the Wii, if the player wishes to lift someone from their knees, they simply pull the controller upwards. Swinging the controller from side to side swings the enemy likewise. Slamming someone against a wall is accomplished by pushing the controller away from the player. Unlike in the Wii version, however, where shooting and driving were handled using the Wii Remote, in "The Don's Edition", shooting and driving are controlled using the analog sticks.

Unique to "The Don's Edition" are the "Corleone challenges". These are time based minigames that have no effect on the story. The player must see how much of a certain action they can accomplish in a given time - such as how many different execution styles they can perform, how many banks they can rob, or many businesses they can extort etc. When the game first came out, the player's scores were uploaded to an online leaderboard. EA shut down their servers for the game on April 13, 2012, meaning players can no longer upload their scores. However, the mini-games are still playable.

"The Godfather" received "generally favorable reviews" on all systems except the PlayStation Portable, which received "mixed to average reviews." The Xbox version holds an aggregate scores of 77 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on fifty-eight reviews; the Wii version 77 out of 100, based on thirty-eight reviews; the PlayStation 2 version 75 out of 100, based on fifty-six reviews; the Xbox 360 version 77 out of 100, based on fifty-one reviews; the PC version 72 out of 100, based on thirty-two reviews; the PlayStation 3 version 70 out of 100, based on thirty-one reviews; and the PlayStation Portable version 59 out of 100, based on thirty-four reviews.

GameSpot's Greg Mueller scored the PC, PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions 8.1 out of 10, calling the game "a satisfying, lengthy adventure," and arguing "it remains faithful to the classic film while managing to create a compelling story of its own [...] it handles the source material respectfully and manages to offer enough new content to feel like more than just a by-the-numbers adaptation of the movie." IGN's Douglass C. Perry scored the PC, PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions 7.9 out of 10, with the Xbox version finishing as runner-up in the March 2006 "Xbox Game of the Month" award, losing to "Far Cry Instincts: Evolution". Perry praised the concept of placing a new character in the existing narrative; "Much of the story is carefully untarnished, so when you see pivotal scenes, they will be left relatively untouched. You'll hear and see these key scenes unfolding in front of you, but you'll be in the house, the car, the church, or the hospital as a close associate, rather than a bystander. You'll feel like an insider who's part of a great powerful narrative, and the feeling is eerily remarkable." Although he was critical of the melee combat and the driving portions of the game, he called the extortion system "awesome fun." He concluded, "people looking for a perfect game will be disappointed [but] there are elements that totally stand out from any similar games in this genre, from the extortion system to the business take-over model. Despite obvious areas in need of improvement, I had a blast playing "The Godfather"." GameSpy's Will Tuttle scored the PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions 3.5 out of 5. Praising the use of the license, he wrote "the game is best viewed as a complementary addition to the "Godfather" universe," calling it "an ultimately entertaining sandbox game that doesn't really do much to help or hurt the license."

"Game Informer"s Andrew Reiner scored the PlayStation 2 version 7.5 out of 10, writing "while failing to transform the classic film into an engrossing interactive experience, the game does shine when it doesn't have to rely on the film license to pull it along." "GameSpy"'s William Abner scored the PC version 3 out of 5, and was critical of the use of the license; "where the original movie was full of political intrigue, wicked subplots and occasional gratuitous violence, the game is "all" about the violence." He wrote "Being a "Godfather" game, you'd expect things to be a bit less "insane" than your run-of-the-mill "Grand Theft Auto" clone. But there's more gunplay, more "Blues Brothers"-inspired car chases, and more thuggery in general, in 30 minutes of the game than in the entire movie trilogy." He concluded "if you can think of it as a generic gangland-themed game without constantly comparing it to the films it borrows its license from, you can certainly have a good time. That said, it's hard to play "The Godfather" without thinking that this was a missed opportunity." Eurogamer's Kristan Reed scored the Xbox version 6 out of 10, calling it "way too short, far too easy, too damned repetitive and far too in awe of "Grand Theft Auto" to be held up as anything other than a rather lightweight copycat offering." Although he was critical of the length of the game's story in relation to the extortion gameplay, he felt the combat went some way to redeeming the game; "the one main saving grace is that the combat is actually fun enough to nullify the overwhelming repetition." He argued the game "offers a decent amount of fun, with great combat, occasionally inspired set-pieces, but sub-par driving and a half-baked story mode with barely enough variety to fill a long evening."

IGN's Chris Roper scored "Mob Wars" 6.2 out of 10, writing "there are a number of areas where the ball was dropped." He was mildly impressed with the card gameplay, but felt it wasn't enough to "help the game rise above mediocrity." He called the game "an interesting idea, but it doesn't feel cohesive enough or like either part was pushed as far as it could go." "GameSpot"'s Greg Mueller scored it 6 out of 10. He too was more impressed with Mob Wars mode than Story Mode, writing "it sounds like the makings of an experiment gone awry, like some sort of Frankenstein's monster of game design, but it's actually playable--and even fun." However, he called the connection between Story Mode and Mob Wars "tenuous and disjointed." He concluded ""Mob Wars" doesn't live up to its potential. There are some flashes of a good game in there, and you might have fun for the first couple of hours, but unfortunately that enjoyment is fleeting, and you'll be left feeling aggravated and disappointed."

"GameSpy"'s Justin Speer scored it 3 out of 5. He too was critical of the connection between Story Mode and Mob Wars, and concluded "it can't hold itself together well enough to deliver a really satisfying game experience." "Game Informer"s Andrew Reiner scored it 4.5 out of 10, stating "Electronic Arts couldn't quite get "The Godfather" to run correctly on the PSP, but that didn't stop them from releasing it. Applying cement shoes to the experience, [EA have] stripped all of the open world gameplay from this version, leaving nothing but the lame missions and a putrid "Risk"-like minigame."

"GameSpy"&apos;s David Chapman scored the Xbox 360 version 4 out of 5, calling it "definitely the version to pick up." "GameSpot"&apos;s Greg Mueller scored it 7.9 out of 10, writing "for the most part, this is the same game that was released six months earlier." IGN's Douglass C. Perry also scored it 7.9 out of 10, calling it "essentially the same game with minor visual and gameplay upgrades. If you played the current-gen version, this plays exactly the same, but every so often you'll see or experience a surprising little tweak." He concluded "EA upgraded a bunch of little things and improved the overall experience. But gamers have higher expectations for next-generation titles, and "The Godfather" looks and plays exactly like what it is: a good upgraded current-gen game."

"Game Informer"s Matt Helgeson scored it 7.75 out of 10, calling it "still the same flawed game that was released for the current-gen systems." "Eurogamer"'s Kristan Reed scored it 6 out of 10, writing "the changes and improvements are so minor that you might not have noticed them were they not written down for you. Tellingly, none of them really address the fundamental gripes that dragged the game down in the first place." He was critical of the graphics, arguing "the game looks like a port from the word go. The low-poly character models, stilted animation and bland texture detail of the original is exposed even more once you see it running in high def." He concluded "the core of "The Godfather" can be quite harmlessly entertaining. Like so many openworld games, there's a moreishness to it that keeps you going even when so many alarm bells are ringing about where EA went wrong. But let's face it, "The Godfather" should have been far better than it is."

IGN's Mark Bozon scored the Wii version 8 out of 10. It would go on to win the March 2007 "Wii Game of the Month" award. Bozon wrote "it incorporates a ton of great actions with the Wii controller, is one of the better looking games on the system, and actually banks on the system's strong points." Of the controls, he wrote "after playing it on Wii I really can't see people wanting to go back to the traditional controls." "Eurogamer"'s Richard Leadbetter scored it 7 out of 10, writing "While most of the gameplay flaws inherent in the previous versions are still there in this new version, there are a number of factors that may make this far more appealing to the average Wii owner [...] this is generally a decent, well-thought out and enjoyable conversion." "Game Informer"s Andrew Reiner scored it 6.5 out of 10, writing "the redeveloped skill tree is a step in the right direction, but the sloppy motion-based combat and IR targeting make the game even more painful than it was on the other machines."

IGN's Chris Roper scored the PlayStation 3 version 7.5 out of 10, calling it "certainly the best version of the bunch." Of the controls, he wrote "it doesn't feel as rewarding or "realistic" as EA would have liked. Really, it just feels like you're "suggesting" what should happen and then hoping it does." He was also critical of the graphics; "its visuals are simply poor for a next-generation title. Other than the high-definition output, it doesn't look like anything has been noticeably changed. Texture resolution is pretty bad, some of the effects are very last-gen and it really does look like you're playing a PS2 game in HD." He concluded "the game is a strong and rather noticeable improvement over the original release, though much of it does feel outdated on the PlayStation 3. EA has done a great job of expanding nearly every facet of the game, [but] with last-gen visuals, a frustrating city layout and other issues that plagued the original release, it's still far from perfect." "Game Informer"s Matt Helgeson also scored it 7.5 out of 10, writing "it still doesn't solve the problems I have with the game as a whole, which remain largely the same." He concluded ""The Godfather"s uninspired craftsmanship falls short of being a truly compelling game experience."

"GameSpot"&apos;s Greg Mueller scored both versions 7.6 out of 10. Of the controls, he wrote "at times the movements don't seem to register properly unless you use exaggerated gestures." "GameSpy"&apos;s Patrick Joynt scored the PlayStation 3 version 3 out of 5 and the Wii version 3.5 out of 5, and was critical of the game's use of its license; "Sickening bloodlust and a fondness for repetition are essential skills for enjoying "The Godfather", placing an otherwise decent open-world game at direct odds with its own license and identity." However, he also felt that "once you get over the disconnect of the license and the gameplay, the missions are plentiful and entertaining." He concluded "a licensed game doesn't need to be slavishly adhered to the property it's coming from. And the actual gameplay here isn't half-bad. But like slapping the word "art" on a toilet, there's a constant dissonance between the license and the gameplay."

"The Godfather" sold well across all platforms. In the first week of the game's North American release, the PlayStation 2 version was Blockbuster's top rental title, with the Xbox version coming in second. Together, the two titles rented more copies than the rest of the top ten combined. During its first three months on release, the game sold over one million units across PlayStation 2, Xbox and PC. In the game's first week on release in the UK, it entered the charts at #1, knocking "" from the top spot. It remained in the top ten chart for eight weeks.

At the 2006 Spike Video Game Awards, the game received three nominations; "Best Game Based on a Movie or TV Show", "Best Supporting Male Performance" (James Caan as Sonny Corleone) and "Best Cast". It lost in the first category to "", Caan lost to James Gandolfini for "", and "Best Cast" went to "Family Guy Video Game!" At the 2007 Game Audio Network Guild (G.A.N.G.) Awards, composers Ashley Irwin and Bill Conti won the award for "Best Arrangement of a Non-Original Score."


</doc>
<doc id="2175370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175370" title="Mega Man X5">
Mega Man X5

Mega Man X5, known as in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom. It is the fifth main installment in the "Mega Man X" series. It was first released for the PlayStation in Japan on November 30, 2000 and in North America and PAL territories the following year.

"Mega Man X5" is set in the 22nd century in a world where humans coexist with humanoid androids called "Reploids". Daily life is under a constant threat of these Reploids going "Maverick" and participating in dangerous and deadly crime. After the events of "Mega Man X4", the Maverick leader Sigma has been revived and seeks to unlock the true power of the former Maverick Zero and destroy the hero X in the process. To make matters worse, Sigma has set the space colony Eurasia on a 16-hour collision course with Earth. It is up to X and Zero to stop Sigma once again and save the planet from destruction. Like its predecessors, "Mega Man X5" is an action-platform game in which the player controls either protagonist through a series of eight, selectable stages and wins the special weapon of each stage's boss. However, the game only offers limited number of stage attempts before the player must deal with the colony.

According to Capcom producer Keiji Inafune, "Mega Man X5" was originally intended to be the final game in the "Mega Man X" saga. Critical reception for the game was lukewarm, with many reviewers agreeing that the stale gameplay formula will only further satisfy diehard fans of the series. "Mega Man X5" was ported to the Microsoft Windows as retail packages in 2002 in both Japan and North America. It was also re-released in 2006 as part of the "Mega Man X Collection" for the GameCube and PlayStation 2. "Mega Man X5" was made available on the PlayStation Network as part of the PSOne Classics line for North America and Japan in 2014. It became available for Windows via Steam, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch as a part of "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" ("Rockman X Anniversary Collection 2" in Japan) on July 24, 2018 worldwide and July 26, 2018 in Japan.

Several months have passed since the events of "Mega Man X4". The series' primary antagonist, Sigma, has been revived once again, and conducts research on the origin of the "Maverick Hunter" Zero. He decides to attempt to unlock Zero's true power, hoping to destroy X in the process. Sigma attacks the Hunters directly, but intentionally loses, thus spreading the Sigma Virus across the Earth and throwing it into chaos. Meanwhile, a Reploid mercenary named Dynamo is hired by Sigma to cause a space colony, Eurasia, to collide with Earth in 16 hours. To prevent Eurasia from striking the planet, the Hunters pursue two options: fire a powerful cannon called "Enigma" at Eurasia and vaporize it, or if the Enigma fails, launch a space shuttle and pilot it into the colony, destroying it. To maximize their chances, X and Zero are dispatched to collect parts for the two devices with the aid of their new teammates Alia, Douglas, and Signas. The necessary parts to upgrade the Enigma and shuttle are held by eight Mavericks, and X and Zero must defeat them to claim the parts.

Whether the Enigma and shuttle succeed or fail is randomly determined by the game. (Update, Enigma will succeed if collect the four parts WITHOUT using up all lives and continuing. So if lose last life Enigma will fail. Need to confirm if ok to quit and continue later or reload an earlier save point.) From this point, the story diverges into different subplots:

Whether the Enigma/shuttle succeeds or fails, a new virus appears on the Earth, dubbed the "Zero Virus" by Alia. The location of the virus' origin is discovered, and the Hunters investigate a bizarre underground fortress (if Zero became a Maverick, only X is playable for the remainder of the game). Deep inside the fortress, X and Zero cross paths, where mutual suspicion and mistrust leads to a duel between the heroes.

After the duel, Sigma appears to try and take advantage of the situation, and the story diverges slightly.

"Mega Man X5" has three possible endings: 

The main gameplay remains similar to previous installments. Unlike "X4", the player can freely switch between both the shooter X and the swordsman Zero while playing through the game. Depending on which character the player uses to start it, the other one will be affected negatively with X losing his "X4" armor and Zero losing his buster. There are four armors for X—his Ultimate Armor, the upgraded armor from "Mega Man X4", and two others that must be assembled from capsules. However, X cannot wear parts of these armors separately. X can also no longer shoot his buster through walls, and each character has the ability to duck. Zero is able to find and enter Dr. Light's capsules, however, he cannot use the armor parts given, instead retaining the part to bring to X. However, if Zero reaches the capsule that contains X's Ultimate Armor, Dr. Light will offer the "Black Zero" Armor instead of the Ultimate Armor that enhances his abilities. Besides regular enemies and bosses, X and Zero can be chased by a phantom virus that will try to infect the characters. If X is sufficiently infected by enough viruses, he will enter a state where his health rapidly declines. However, if Zero is sufficiently infected, he becomes briefly invincible, with increased attack power. At any point between levels, the player has the option of firing the Enigma at the Eurasia. If the Enigma misses, then the player has the option of launching the shuttle. Whether the crash is prevented or not is determined by random chance. If the crash is not prevented, the course of the story is changed. Due to the nature of the storyline, there are multiple endings. Whether X or Zero is used to defeat the last boss also affects which ending is seen.

"Mega Man X5" was originally meant to be the last game of the "Mega Man X" series. As stated by producer Keiji Inafune, "I had very little to do with "X5". I just told the team to 'finish off the series with this title,' and left it at that. That's why the game itself has a real feel of finality to it." However, Capcom decided to publish "Mega Man X6" the following year, in which Zero survived his fight from "X5", much to the dismay of Inafune. Haruki Suetsugu, an artist for "Mega Man X4", designed nearly all of the characters and promotional artwork for "Mega Man X5". Suetsugu added various details to set the characters apart from one another. X's new Falcon Armor was designed by Ryuji Higurashi, who wanted it to resemble a bird with beak-shaped chest piece, wings coming out of the back, and a talon-like arm cannon. Suetsugu designed the Gaea Armor, which was meant to resemble Sanagiman from the "Inazuman" manga series. The Maverick bosses in the English localization of "Mega Man X5" are named after members of the American hard rock band Guns N' Roses. Capcom voice actress Alyson Court, who was involved in the game's localization, came up with the new names as a tribute to her then-husband's love of the band. For the "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" release, the Maverick Bosses names were changed to translations of their original Japanese names.

The musical score for "Mega Man X5" was composed by Naoto Tanaka, Naoya Kamisaka, and Takuya Miyawaki. The Japanese version of "Mega Man X5" features one opening theme, "Monkey", and one closing theme, , both composed and performed by Showtaro Morikubo and his band Mosquito Milk. All of the game's instrumental and vocal music was compiled on the "" soundtrack released by Suleputer in 2003. The theme songs were also included on the "Rockman Theme Song Collection", published by Suleputer in 2002.

"Mega Man X5" was generally well-received, with IGN giving the game an 8.5 out of 10. However, they added that though the game was fun to play, it was "more of the same" from Capcom, and that "Mega Man", like many other series made by Capcom, was being milked for as much as it was worth. GameSpot similarly commented that "Fans of the classic 2D games will no doubt find much to love in "X5", while those who can't get into the aging conventions and mechanics probably won't care a great deal for it." The "Official UK PlayStation Magazine" said that the game was "unforgivably primitive".

According to the Japanese publication "Famitsu", "Mega Man X5" was the third best-selling video game in Japan during its release week at 46,033 copies sold. It placed at number eight the following week with an additional 22,963 copies sold. Media Create sales information showed that the game was 96th best-selling video game in Japan during 2000. Dengeki Online reported that "Mega Man X5" sold a total of 215,687 copies in Japan by the end of 2001, listing it as the 132nd best-selling game of the year in the region. The game was eventually re-released as part of Sony's PlayStation The Best for Family range of budget titles in Japan. Toy Retail Sales Tracking (TRST) sales data showed that "Mega Man X5" was the fifth best-selling PlayStation game in North America for the month of February 2001. The game was included on the North American "Mega Man X Collection" for the Nintendo GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2006.
 


</doc>
<doc id="2175376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175376" title="Mega Man X6">
Mega Man X6

Mega Man X6, known as in Japan, is a video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the sixth main entry in the "Mega Man X" series. The game was first released on the PlayStation in Japan on November 29, 2001 and was later made available in both North America and Europe.

The plot of "Mega Man X6" takes place during the 22nd century where humans and intelligent robots called "Reploids" live together. The game follows shortly after the events of "Mega Man X5" in which planet Earth was devastated by an attack by the "Maverick" leader Sigma and the protagonist Zero sacrificed his own life to save it. As the world recovers, a Maverick known only as the "Zero Nightmare" has begun spreading chaos. Zero's comrade X, curious of its name, seeks out this new threat. Like past games in the series, "Mega Man X6" is an action-platformer in which the player tackles a series of stages and adds the unique weapon of each boss to X's arsenal.

Prominent series artist and producer Keiji Inafune was not involved in the game's production, as he had intended the fifth installment in the series to be the last with Zero's death. Critically, "Mega Man X6" has received mixed to positive reviews. The game was released for the Microsoft Windows in different parts of Asia in 2002 and 2003. It was also re-released in 2006 as part of the North American "Mega Man X Collection" for the GameCube and PlayStation 2. "Mega Man X6" was made available on the PlayStation Network as part of the PSOne Classics line on July 8, 2015 in Japan. It was released for the Windows internationally, along with PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch as a part of "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" ("Rockman X Anniversary Collection 2" in Japan) on July 24, 2018 and July 26, 2018 for Japan.

Three weeks have passed since the events of "Mega Man X5". Zero is missing, presumed dead. As a result of the Eurasia space colony incident, Earth's surface has been rendered uninhabitable, forcing the human population to take refuge underground. An intelligent Reploid researcher, Gate, is searching through the ruins of Eurasia and finds something unusual. A week later, Gate goes mad as he completes an experiment, and declares his intentions to turn Earth into a utopia for high-class Reploids.

Meanwhile, X is awakened by Alia after a dream involving Zero, and she informs him of a large Maverick near Eurasia. He briefly encounters a being reminiscent to Zero, although the being appears distorted and discolored. X then meets a scientist named Isoc and his subordinate, High Max, who are in the search of the Zero-like being, which they identify as the "Zero Nightmare". Isoc invites all Reploids to join his cause to destroy the Nightmare phenomena, which is turning the Reploid population into Mavericks. However, this is revealed to be a ruse to lure Reploids to areas affected by the Nightmare, where they will become Mavericks under Gate's control.

X journeys to the suspected areas to investigate the Nightmare phenomena and rescue the Reploids who volunteered to help. He learns that Isoc's eight investigators have been infected by the Nightmare and become Mavericks. During his battles, X can also encounter the Zero Nightmare and defeat him. Following this, the real Zero appears, unaware of how he survived his battle against Sigma.

Following the defeat of the eight investigators (or High Max), X meets Gate, who reveals he found a piece of Zero's DNA at the Eurasia crash site. The DNA drove Gate insane, and he created the Nightmare phenomena alongside the Zero Nightmare to help build his utopia.

The Hunters go to Gate's laboratory to put to a stop to his plans. Following Gate's defeat, he confesses he has rebuilt Sigma, but Sigma is a shell of his former self: a partially coherent, half-built body, with his programming still severely damaged. However, Sigma has enough strength to nearly kill Gate, and challenges X and Zero. With his sanity slipping, Sigma is once again defeated and one of three endings will occur, depending on which character defeats Sigma:

The gameplay is very similar to "Mega Man X5". The player can select X with the option to outfit him with different armors offering unique abilities (most of which have to be downloaded, as always, through Dr. Light's hidden capsules.) Zero can be unlocked after finding and defeating the Zero Nightmare, bringing his own weapons and techniques to the fold, including a refined Z-Saber fighting style. Both characters can be equipped with various power-up items earned after rescuing certain Reploids.

"Mega Man X6" has an increased emphasis on rescuing Reploids over previous titles in the series. Whereas previous games rewarded the player with health or an extra life, "Mega Man X6" rewards the player with additional parts or other permanent prizes. Rescuing Reploids was made more difficult in this game with the addition of the Nightmare, which makes any Reploid it infects evil, thus rendering the Reploid impossible to save. The parts system was altered as well. Rather than attach a certain part to a certain armor, parts are attached to the character itself. The number of parts that can be equipped at once is dependent on the player's rank, which is increased by harvesting Nightmare Souls.

Depending on the player's actions during the game, it's possible to unlock what are normally the final set of stages, namely Gate's laboratory, much earlier than normal than what is considered the norm for the X series; with the exception of "Mega Man X5", players normally had to defeat the 8 main bosses before unlocking the final stages. In "X6", defeating both the Zero Nightmare and High Max, Isoc's bodyguard, are enough to unlock Gate's laboratory before even defeating most of the main bosses.

Series producer Keiji Inafune was not involved in the development of "Mega Man X6". He had originally intended for the fifth chapter in the series to be the last due to the death of Zero at that game's conclusion. "And so I’d always planned to make Zero come back to life in the Mega Man Zero series, but then "X6" comes out sooner from another division and Zero comes back to life in that, and I’m like, 'What's this!? Now my story for Zero doesn’t make sense! Zero's been brought back to life two times!'" Inafune also felt he owed fans of the series an apology for the decision to create "Mega Man X6", although the series was "starting to go in a direction out of <nowiki>[his]</nowiki> control" at that point. Artist Haruki Suetsugu, who had worked on both previous PlayStation "Mega Man X" games, signed on as the game's primary character designer and promotional artwork illustrator. Suetsugu stated that the development schedule of "Mega Man X6" was tight. As such, he described his designs for the Maverick bosses were "relatively simple", and he took a similar approach to designing all of them: for instance, all of the Mavericks have the characteristic head fins and forehead jewel found on their creator Gate's helmet. The designs for other characters also feature unique traits, including Gate as a "merging of scientists and combatants, High Max as "big and strong", and the DNA-like Nightmare.

The background music for "Mega Man X6" was composed by Naoto Tanaka. The game also features the opening vocal songs "Moon Light" and "The Answer" by Showtaro Morikubo (the voice actor for X) and the ending theme "I.D.E.A" by RoST. This is one of the few X games to have the opening song appear in both the Japanese and English versions. All of the game's instrumental and vocal music was compiled on the "Capcom Music Generation: Rockman X1 ~ X6" soundtrack released by Suleputer in 2003.
The game was not dubbed in any language other than the original Japanese, and the North American and European versions retained the Japanese voice tracks, using translated English subtitles to tell the story. The voice tracks for the cutscenes were removed completely when Mega Man X6 was re-released as a part of Mega Man X Collection for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo Gamecube in North America in 2006, though the in-game voice tracks are still retained.

According to the Japanese magazine "Famitsu", "Mega Man X6" was the seventh best-selling game in Japan during its week of release at 39,318 units sold. Dengeki Online reported that "Mega Man X6" sold a total of 106,980 units in Japan by the end of 2001, marking it as the 109th best-selling game of the year in the region. The game eventually saw a re-release as part of the PlayStation the Best range of budget titles. "Mega Man X6" was also included on the North American "Mega Man X Collection" for the Nintendo GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2006.

"Mega Man X6" received mixed to positive reviews, with an average score of 69% on GameRankings. GameSpot gave the game a 7 out of 10, saying that the game is "a disappointing effort. The nightmare system and item collecting add variety and longevity to the game, but... The graphics aren't really even up to the standards set by older games in the series, and while the music is good, there aren't any tracks that particularly stand out. Despite these shortcomings, it's still Mega Man, and the gameplay is still entertaining, making X6 an attractive package for hard-core Mega Man fans." IGN gave a more positive review, an 8 out 10, stating "It's an all-new Mega Man game, yet it's still pretty much the same. There's nothing wrong with that"; they praised the soundtrack and replay value. Among the most negative reviews, "Electronic Gaming Monthly" gave the game a 3.5 out of 10, saying "I thought I’d sooner see Sasquatch ride a Chimera bareback through the streets than a bland series like Mega Man X last through six installments."

In retrospective, 1UP.com referred to "Mega Man X6" as "sloppy" citing multiple issues within its design such as repetitive stages and background images.



</doc>
<doc id="2175381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175381" title="Mega Man X7">
Mega Man X7

Mega Man X7, known as in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 console. It is the seventh main game in the "Mega Man X" series and the first in the series to appear on the sixth generation of gaming consoles. "Mega Man X7" was first released in Japan on July 17, 2003, with North American and European releases following in October 2003 and March 2004 respectively. It was also released for Microsoft Windows exclusively in South Korea until the re-release as part of "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" ("Rockman X Anniversary Collection 2" in Japan) in July 24 2018 for the worldwide release and July 26, 2018 for Japan, whose Windows version was released internationally via Steam along with PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Nintendo Switch. It is the first "Mega Man X" in the series to feature bilingual audio. The next game in the series, "Mega Man X8", also features bilingual audio. It is the first and only Mega Man X game to be a third-person shooter (in fact the third Mega Man game to use third-person view due to the Mega Man Legends franchise).

"Mega Man X7" takes place in the 22nd century. Daily human life is often disrupted by "Maverick" crime from the "Reploids" robots that live and work among them. The heroic "Maverick Hunter" Mega Man X has retired from the battlefield. As such, various groups have begun springing up to stamp out the ever constant threat of Maverick activity. Axl, a member of "Red Alert", questions his group's methods and escapes, only to be pursued by its leader, Red. Like other games in the series, "Mega Man X7" is an action-platform game in which the player fights through an octet of selectable stages. The game differs from previous side-scrolling entries by featuring fully 3D graphics intermixed with both 3D and 2D gameplay.

The development of "Mega Man X7" involved a challenging transition of the well-known "Mega Man X" characters into 3D. However, the reinvention of the series in both graphical and gameplay respects was met with a hostile critical reception. Reviewers found the game's foray into the third dimension well-intended but poorly executed.

Following the Eurasia and Nightmare incidents, Reploids work diligently to rebuild the Earth. Growing weary of the seemingly never-ending Maverick Wars, X decides to retire in search of more peaceful solutions, leaving Zero in charge. In X's absence, Maverick activity rapidly begins to rise, which leads to the formation of an unsanctioned anti-Maverick vigilante group known as Red Alert. As the group grows more and more reckless, one of their members, a new generation Reploid prototype named Axl, decides to defect. Red, the group's leader, is angered by Axl deserting them, and goes on a rampage to get him back.

Axl is chased through a city by a mechaniloid sent by Red Alert to retrieve him, and the ensuing chaos draws the attention of Zero. After a battle against the mechaniloid, Zero takes Axl into custody at Maverick Hunter HQ. In response, Red issues a challenge to the Hunters: he will release some Mavericks that Red Alert has in captivity, and whichever group can defeat the Mavericks first will gain possession of Axl. Zero goes into action without hesitation, and Axl's remorse for what he has done fuels his desire to become a Maverick Hunter. As Zero and Axl battle Red Alert, Axl reveals that he possesses the ability to copy the DNA of other Reploids, making him invaluable to Red. X initially stays out of the conflict, feeling that it is pointless, but joins in hoping to end the war quickly. Elsewhere, Red communicates with a mysterious figure known as "The Professor," who gives him additional power and shows him what Axl's copy ability can do. The Professor then takes possession of Red Alert, and orders Red to retrieve Axl.

Following the defeat of the Mavericks, the Hunters infiltrate Crimson Palace, the home base of Red Alert. There they defeat a reluctant Red and discover a rebuilt Sigma, who was behind Red Alert's corruption. Despite the Hunters defeating Sigma twice, he rises once again and punches Axl through a wall, before vowing to X and Zero that he will again return. Suddenly, Red reappears and Sigma attempts to possess him, but it turns out to be Axl (copying Red's DNA), who then proceeds to blast Sigma out of a window from the top of the palace.

The ending of the game depends on which character was used to defeat Sigma:

"Mega Man X7" is the first of the two games in the series to have 3D gameplay in addition to the standard 2D style. When starting the game, the player has only access to returning Maverick Hunter Zero and newcomer Axl. The player can send the two characters to the same stage and both can be changed whenever the player needs to. In order to unlock X, the player must rescue 64 reploids (out of a possible total of 128) or defeat the eight main bosses in order to unlock him. Unlike the prequel, chips must be used immediately after they are gained and cannot be deactivated, nor changed from one playable character to another. Once all the chips for that playable character are completely maxed out, that particular character can no longer receive anymore chip upgrades.

While Zero and X retain their common weaponry, Axl has a new ability called "Copy Shot". If the player destroys certain types of enemies with said technique, they will leave an item upon their destruction. If the item (a glowing red sphere) is picked up, Axl will transform into a copy of the enemy he destroyed, with all of its features (speed, weapon, etc.).

The game also has a New Game Plus feature, by completing the game and saving it, and then start a new game from loading that particular save file. This feature allows for X to become available after the opening stage and all the chip upgrades from the previous game are retained.

"Mega Man X7" was developed by a team of about 30 people, led by producers Tatsuya Minami and Tatsuya Kitabayashi of Capcom Production Studio 3. This was the first game in the "Mega Man" series worked on by Kitabayashi. He explained that transitioning the character models of "Mega Man X" from 2D to 3D graphics was a challenge, but that including both 2D and 3D gameplay was not, as they had planned to have them in equal amounts for the game. The development team took into account the less-than-favorable reception for "Mega Man X6", but instead of simply trying to make the next game new and fresh with 3D graphics, they decided to focus on "getting 3D right". The team also attempted to build upon the action-style gameplay for which the "Mega Man" franchise is known along with the more adult-themed storyline of the "Mega Man X" series. This involved adding the newer, non-traditional character Axl to deepen and better the narrative. Kitabayashi emphasized, "He's young, he's running away. He's like the new younger character of the group, and that's why I wanted to put him in there." Minami stated in an interview that the game would feature multiplayer for up to two players. However, the final version of the game lacks this option.

Prominent "Mega Man" artist and Capcom producer Keiji Inafune had little involvement in the "Mega Man X" series after the fifth installment. His only contribution to "Mega Man X7" was lending advice to the illustrators on creating the new protagonist Axl. Inafune had been careful to make X and Zero unique when he originally designed them, and he wanted to give Axl the same treatment. The game's primary artist, Tatsuya Yoshikawa, signed on when the project was well underway. He decided to take after his predecessor Haruki Suetsugu for the direction in which to design the characters. Yoshikawa thought the team would have to create "polygon friendly" bosses, but decided to stick to the traditional design concepts set forth by the early "Mega Man X" games. As the series had finally transition into 3D, Yoshikawa also expected the team to rethink the way the game was made as they had done in the first "Mega Man X" title. Inafune stated, "My personal opinion was that 3D is simply a graphical style, and just because a game is going 3D like "X7" was, it doesn't mean we 'have to' make it a 3D game.

The musical score for "Mega Man X7" was composed by nine individuals. A 46-song soundtrack was released by Suleputer in Japan on October 1, 2003. The game's opening theme, "Code Crush", is performed by Rina Aiuchi. The ending theme is "Lazy Mind", performed by Showtaro Morikubo, the voice actor for X in the Japanese games. A CD single for each of the songs was released in Japan on July 20, 2003 and August 6, 2003 respectively.

"Mega Man X7" debuted on Japanese sales charts as the third best-selling video game at copies. By its second week on sale, the game had sold 71,739 copies in the region and by its third week, 89,775 copies. Media Create sales data lists the game as having sold 111,778 copies by the end of 2003 in Japan. A budget re-release of the game was included alongside the PlayStation versions of the first six original "Mega Man" games as part of the "Rockman Collection" in Japan on December 19, 2003.

"Mega Man X7" received mixed to negative reviews. While it attracted some positive remarks for the character switching and Reploid rescue systems, the general consensus was that the game's mixture of 2D and 3D gameplay was well-intentioned but poorly executed. IGN found the characters unbalanced as the shooters X and Axl felt far more useful than the melee fighter Zero. In particular, critics commented that the camera and controls do not translate well from 2D to 3D. Criticism has been aimed at the English voice actors' performance, to the point that it has been recommended to try listening to the original Japanese audio. The music has been described as generic and, while appealing, it does not stand out against what previous installments have offered.

GameSpy concluded "I can't fault Capcom or the "MMX7" team for trying to reinvent a series that had obviously completely lost its way... [but] the flaccid 2D sections in this game aren't half as good as any of the levels in the original "Mega Man X". The 3D bits are more compelling, but still substandard." IGN instead placed the blame wholly on the 3D sections: "We can't help but think that "Mega Man X7" would have been better-suited staying 2D. But until Capcom realizes that the better action-oriented 3D titles allow you to manipulate the camera whole-heartedly, future installments of the series will likely run into the same problems that this one did."

In a retrospective article involving the franchise's worst games, 1UP.com included "Mega Man X7" citing "usual 3D design issues" and the titular character requiring to be unlocked as the game's flaws. GamesRadar compared it with the similarly poor received "Castlevania" for the Nintendo 64 due to how both games tried staying away from their predecessors' formula by adding 3D gameplay and the transition failed to gamers.


</doc>
<doc id="2175382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2175382" title="Mega Man X8">
Mega Man X8

Mega Man X8, known as in Japan, is a video game developed by Capcom for the Sony PlayStation 2 console. It is the eighth and, to date, final game in the "Mega Man X" series (excluding spin-offs and remakes). It was first released in North America on December 7, 2004. The PS2 version, as well as a Microsoft Windows iteration, were released in Japan and Europe the following year. On December 16, 2015 it was released on PlayStation Network in Japan. It was re-released for Windows via Steam, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch on July 24, 2018 worldwide and July 26, 2018 in Japan as a part of "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" ("Rockman X Anniversary Collection 2" in Japan).

The plot of "Mega Man X8" focuses on the abduction of a next-generation "Reploid", Lumine from the construction site of a space elevator, and the subsequent pursuit of his captors. During the course of game play the motivations of these captors comes into focus, and it is up to the heroes, led by X, to stop them. The gameplay of "Mega Man X8" is similar to the other games in the series, in which the player must complete a series of stages. Defeating their bosses will earn that player character its special weapon which differs between each character.

Although "Mega Man X8" uses 3D graphics like "Mega Man X7", the development team chose not to opt for 3D gameplay, instead opting for 2.5D gameplay. The game was met with a mixed to average reception.

In late 21XX, the Maverick Wars continue with no end in sight. To escape the carnage, humans have begun migrating to the Moon as part of an initiative known as the "Jakob Project", which involves an orbital elevator built in the Galapagos Islands. One night while X is out on patrol, one of the elevators breaks off and comes crashing down to Earth. As X approaches the elevator, the doors open, revealing an entire army of Sigmas. Suddenly, a purple-haired Reploid arrives and introduces himself as Lumine, the director of the Jakob Project. He reveals the "Sigma army" isn't what it appears to be; instead, they are new generation Reploids created as part of the project who are immune from viruses and able to use DNA copy data to change their shapes and appearances to assist with space development.

Everything seems to be running smoothly until Vile, who was last seen in "Mega Man X3", returns and kidnaps Lumine, causing Maverick uprisings all over the world. While battling the Mavericks, the Hunters pick up hints that Sigma has returned and teasing a concept called "the new world". Eventually, Sigma is tracked to the Moon, where he unveils his ultimate plan: eradicate the "old generation" and re-populate it with his "children". He reveals all of the new generation Reploids contain a copy chip which possesses his DNA, meaning these 'virus-proof' Reploids are essentially copies of Sigma.

When Sigma is defeated, Lumine emerges from the shadows and congratulates the Hunters on finally destroying Sigma once and for all, before admitting he was manipulating Sigma in order to get his DNA and is behind the entire plot. Lumine gloats to the stunned Hunters that in order for evolution to take its course, he and the new generation Reploids must destroy both the humans and "obsolete" Reploids. After a massive struggle, Lumine is defeated, but he warns them that it is too late to stop what has already begun. As Axl approaches Lumine's body, a tentacle springs from it and breaks the crystal on his helmet, knocking him unconscious.

The ending of the game varies slightly depending on which character defeats Lumine. As the Hunters ride back down the orbital elevator, Zero wonders if he no longer has to fight now that Sigma is dead for good, while X ponders Lumine's words on evolution. Zero tells X not to let his words get to him, as new generation Reploids becoming Sigma could hardly be called evolution. Furthermore, he tells X that even if they are destined to join the scrap heap when that evolution does comes about, they'll still have to fight, not only against the Mavericks, but against their own destinies as well. 

A post-credits scene explains that the news of Lumine turning Maverick resulted in ceasing production of DNA copy chips. However, due to the increasing need of advanced Reploids for space development, production resumed several years later, despite the objections of many. Meanwhile, as the Hunters continue to descend the orbital elevator, a faint purple light emits from Axl's shattered helmet crystal, suggesting that Lumine's spirit lives on.

Overall gameplay in "Mega Man X8" is mostly similar to previous "Mega Man X" games and has removed the 3D style from "Mega Man X7" in favor of a 2.5D style, although two of the stages, namely "Central White" and "Dynasty", are fully 3D, played aboard a vehicle with a close third-person view. After an introductory stage, "Mega Man X8" presents the player with a choice of 8 stages, with a Maverick robot serving as the stage boss. After defeating the 8 bosses, a series of fortress stages open up for the player to complete in linear progression until the final boss is defeated. This game also has an option of three difficulty modes, with slight differences between each mode. Normal or hard mode is recommended if players want to observe the ending and fight the "real" final boss.

The player starts the game with access to three playable characters: X, a shooter able to wear multiple armors that can be mixed and matched which opens up possibilities for customizing x's abilities, Axl, a shooter able to transform into enemies and fire in any direction; and Zero, a sword fighter able to double jump. Additionally, Zero can equip additional weapons that can be purchased as chips at the store such as hammers, fans and additional swords after finding a certain rare metal for it, excluding one of the weapons which is only available for purchase upon completing the game with Zero or entering a code in the title screen of the PlayStation 2 and "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" versions. Axl's gameplay had been slightly reworked to make him more different from X, such as gaining the ability to acquire new guns after defeating each boss, instead of gaining their weapon and can fire in any direction. "X8" introduces new mechanics to the game; the first is Guard Break, which can break enemy defenses when enemies are attacked with certain weapons. The second is Double Attack, where the playable character and the chosen partner character perform a screen-filling attack that causes heavy damage to all enemies on screen. Additionally, X's new armor, the Neutral Armor, can be customized with parts that can either form two new armors the Icarus or Hermes armor, or mixed together for different effects. However, mixed parts of armors are not as effective as complete armors which lack the Giga attack ability, forcing players to choose wisely when building armors.

Two characters can be selected to go to a stage, while a navigator can be assigned to assist the player. Depending on the navigator's qualities, the character will be informed about the stages' hidden paths or boss weaknesses. In every stage, the characters can obtain items that can be used in a shop to buy upgrades. The three navigators can also be unlocked as the playable characters by buying chips after completing the game in the Normal or Hard levels or entering the code in the title screen of the PlayStation 2 version and later "Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2" re-release.

Much like with "X7", this game is also equipped with New Game Plus features, which allow players to start a new game from an old save file upon completion of the previous game. Aside from the aforementioned unlockable features, all chips that were purchased in the store during the previous game are retained. Players also have the option of starting fresh by deleting any of these chips and repurchasing them later.

"Mega Man X8" was developed by Capcom Production Studio 1. The game's direct predecessor, "Mega Man X7", was the first entry in the "Mega Man X" series to feature full 3D graphics, as well as 3D gameplay. However, as stated by Capcom producer and original "Mega Man" illustrator Keiji Inafune, the development team chose not to pursue 3D gameplay for "Mega Man X8" simply because of its graphical style. Inafune himself was not involved in the production of "Mega Man X8", although the game's art designers did consult with him before changing the overall style of the characters. The game's main illustrator, Tatsuya Yoshikawa, was responsible for designing the protagonists, the Maverick bosses, and the newer ancillary cast. Yoshikawa took into account what the characters may resemble if they were toys, and even imitated the joints of Revoltech figures.

The musical score for "Mega Man X8" was co-composed by Yuko Komiyama, Naoto Tanaka, and Shinya Okada. The 51-song "Rockman X8 Original Soundtrack" was released in Japan on April 13, 2005 by Suleputer. The Japanese opening theme for PlayStation 2 (also available for PC platform in any regional version, including Europe which had received the North American opening theme in the European PlayStation 2 version) is "Wild Fang" by Janne Da Arc; the band had previously done television advertisement themes for "Mega Man Battle Network" and "Mega Man Battle Network 2". However, the theme was not included in the soundtrack and was even omitted on the game's localization in English for PS2 platform.
A Windows version of "Mega Man X8" was released in Asia, Europe, and as a download from GameStop in North America. This version can run in windowed mode, in addition to , and includes mouse and keyboard features, although it does support using a controller. The Windows version also features several languages and the possibility to toggle between Japanese and English voices, which can be changed from the main menu or after starting a new game. All of the music and cutscene dialogue is encoded in Ogg Vorbis format.

"Mega Man X8" received a generally mixed to average reception. It was generally praised for returning to a more classic style of Mega Man gameplay and removing the criticized gameplay elements of "Mega Man X7". IGN praised the game for its mixture of 2D and 3D, and its camera system, saying "Thankfully the transition from one plane to another is pretty seamless and isn't the bothersome chore that switches in X7 were. It's an easy and totally acceptable gameplay method and one that should have been used in 2003 to begin with." On the other hand, GameSpot criticized the game for its level design, which often made the game extremely frustrating to play. They also derided the story, remarking that it "dabbles in a lot of nonsensical anime-style ramblings about things that are of little importance to the actual game."

According to "Famitsu", "Mega Man X8" was the tenth best-selling game in Japan during its week of release at 14,927 units. A total of 35,546 units were sold in the region by the end of 2005.



</doc>
<doc id="2180039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180039" title="Might and Magic VII: For Blood and Honor">
Might and Magic VII: For Blood and Honor

Might and Magic VII: For Blood and Honor is a role-playing game for Windows published in 1999 by 3DO and developed by New World Computing; it was re-released in 2011 on GOG.com. The game follows on from both the events of "Heroes of Might and Magic III" (a prequel to "Blood and Honor"), and those of "". Players form a party of four characters who win a castle in a scavenger hunt and soon become embroiled in political events on the continent of Antagarich, in the world of Enroth, before eventually choosing one of two paths and working alongside a number of characters, whose storyline continues on from the events of "". The game, "" is a sequel to "Blood and Honor".
While much of the gameplay remains the same as it was in "Mandate of Heaven", a few improvements and changes were made to a number of prominent parts of the game. Character creation in "Blood and Honor" received an update from its predecessor by now allowing players to choose a race for each character out of the following four - Humans, Elves, Dwarves and Goblins - while also adding in three new classes to choose from alongside the pre-existing ones - Thief, Monk and Ranger. The skill system also received a major change, with the inclusion of new skills and a new level of expertise - Grandmaster - but also becoming more restrictive than that of the previous title; a character's class not only determines what skills they can learn but now also puts a cap on the level of expertise it can be trained to, meaning that while a Thief could become a Master of the Sword Skill, a Knight can train the skill up to Grandmaster. The change to the skill system, also affects the Magic system of the game, in that while some spells have been removed and new ones included, a character's level of expertise in a school of magic determines what spells can be learned, with weaker spells gaining more bonuses upon training to higher levels of expertise; an example of this new system comes with the "Fly" spell, which only Masters of Air magic can learn, but who can gain the benefit of not draining magic points upon attaining Grandmaster of Air. Along with these changes, the game includes an update to the graphical appearances of enemy sprites, character models and items.

Beside the changes, the game features new additions. The first is the inclusion of making two notable choices, in regards to the political conflict between the elves and humans within the story. While one choice encountered is entirely optional but can determine the fate of their party's realm if completed within a set time limit, the other has a more profound impact on the story and is mandatory; the player has to make a decision on this choice in order to progress in the game's story. This ultimate choice, in regards to finding a successor to Harmondale's Arbiter (the game's version of the Seer from the previous title), defines which path - Light or Dark - the party takes for the rest of the game, affecting certain aspects. Along with a minor but permanent change of colour on the game display (white for Light, black for Dark), a number of additional quests become available for their chosen alignment, while the city of that respective path is friendly to the party and their rival is not; if Light is chosen, guards in all Darkness-aligned towns become hostile towards the player and vice versa. One major noticeable effect of this choice comes down to the Promotion quest system; while characters can earn a promotion to a more advanced tier of their chosen class without taking a path, proceeding to the second and final tier does requires such a choice, effectively leaving such promotions unavailable until later in the game, while determining what sort of quest they get in order to earn it and the title they receive as a result. For example, a Paladin who becomes a Crusader can later become either a Hero if they choose the Light path or a Villain if they chose the Dark path.

The other major addition to the game is the minigame of Arcomage, which is tied into two side-quests, in which players have to obtain a set of Arcomage cards and then play the game in all of the taverns in Antagarich. When playing the minigame, both sides having their towers pre-set to a certain height, are given a wall, and then achieve one of two specific victory conditions set out by each tavern: either get a tower to a certain height, or destroy your opponent's tower. Players take turns to either play a card, or discard it, until one side achieves victory via one of the conditions set out.

The game takes place in the world of Enroth, across the continent of Antagarich. The continent is divided up into several regions, including the elven lands of Avlee and Tularean Forest, the barrens of Deyja which house the necromancer stronghold of The Pit, the swamps and snow-capped mountains of Tatalia, the Bracada desert and the cloud city of Celeste, Mount Nighon, the islands of Emerald Isle and Evernmorn, the dwarven lands of the Barrow Downs, the human kingdom of Erathia, and the realm of Harmondale. By the time the game starts, the aftermath of the war in Heroes of Might and Magic III has led the elves of Avlee and the humans of Erathia in a political dispute on the boundaries of Harmondale, with tensions slowly increasing.

Following the events of , the eight heroes of Terra - Sir Caneghem, Crag Hack, Maximus, Resurrectra, Dark Shade, Kastore, Robert the Wise and Tolberti - attempted to pilot a seedship known as the "Lincoln" in pursuit of the Guardians, Corak and Sheltem, who were en route for the world of Xeen. However, an unknown problem occurred that caused the Terrans to drift off-course and eventually crash-land in the seas near Antagarich, on Enroth. At around the same time, two war parties, one of elves and the other of goblins, break off fighting each other when the eight heroes emerge from the sea in strange outfits. Both sides witness the heroes arguing over their mission before eventually splitting up into two separate parties and departing. While elves report what they saw to their leader, Gavin Magnus, the Immortal King of Celeste, the goblins report the same thing to Archibald Ironfist, the brother of King Roland and leader of the Necromancers of Deyja after forging an alliance with them shortly after fleeing from Enroth, when the adventurers of , taking residence in Antagarich to plan his next move. Intrigued with what they hear, the pair order a search for the strange beings.

Meanwhile, on the Emerald Isles, the wealthy Lord Markham organises a scavenger hunt, with first prize being the deeds to the Castle of Harmondale and its surrounding lands. A new party of four player characters takes up the challenge and wins the competition, becoming the new Lords of Harmondale, only to discover upon arriving to their new home that the castle fell into a dreadful state of dilapidation. After clearing out some unwelcome guests, and getting help from Hothfarr IX, king of the dwarves of Stone City, to repair their castle, the new Lords soon return to their restored castle only to find diplomats waiting for them, each representing either the human kingdom of Erathia or the elven kingdom of Avlee and asking the party to meet each kingdom's leader: King Eldrich Parson, leader of the elves of Avlee, and Queen Catherine Ironfist, leader of the humans of Erathia. Through them, the party learn why Markham was offering Harmondale as a prize; unbeknown to them, their new home lay in disputed territory that both Avlee and Erathia had laid a claim on, and has now resulted in both battles between both kingdoms, despite the efforts of an Arbiter in the matter, Judge Grey.

Having noticed that Castle Harmondale had been restored by the party, both Catherine and Eldrich each asks them to help in their dispute against the other by performing a feat of espionage that can gain them an advantage. The party find themselves either doing so within a period of a month, or letting their rival know of what they were asked to do. Eventually a major fight between the two kingdoms erupts in the Tularen Forest over who gets to take an important artifact - Gryphonheart's Trumpet. In managing to get it before the conflict ends (if the player arrives in time to learn of the battle), the party face the decision of handing it over to one of the leaders, granting that kingdom victory in the conflict, or pass it on to Grey, thus granting Harmondale independence from both kingdoms. A few months after the war began, Judge Grey passes away from natural causes, leaving the party to find a suitable candidate. Faced to decide between either Judge Fairweather, a representative of the wizards of Bracada, or Judge Sleen, a representative of the necromancers of Deyja, the party's choice eventually decides on the outcome of the war. If Judge Sleen is chosen, the war worsens and the necromancers use the corpses of the fallen to make an undead army, but if Judge Fairweather is chosen, the humans and elves come to a peaceful agreement and thus end their war over Harmondale. Following this, the party go the city of their chosen "path" and meet with that city's leader, finding themselves undertaking a trial before meeting with their four advisers. Upon completing the trial, they soon find themselves working on a series of tasks for the advisers, who eventually reveal themselves as off-worlders and the Terrans that arrived on Enroth.

What was witnessed by the war parties of elves and goblins was not the full story - when the Terrans emerged from the sea, they soon fell into disagreement over their mission. While Resurrectra, Robert the Wise, Crag Hack and Sir Caneghem, wanted to build a forgotten Gate created by the Ancients, capable of allowing them to reach the two warring Guardians and perhaps even the enigmatic Ancients themselves, the others, Kastore, Tolberti, Dark Shade and Maximus, wanted to revive the Ancients' broken Heavenly Forge, capable of creating futuristic weaponry beyond compare, and use it to conquer Enroth. Eventually, the two groups separated into two parties - one "good" and one "evil" - and began exploring Antagarich, but not before each party set up a trap on the "Lincoln" to prevent the other side from gaining control over it. While Kastore led the "evil" party and eventually secured places in Deyja beside Archibald in order to continue to research a way to revive the Forge, Resurrectra led the "good" party and formed an alliance with Gavin in order to complete the Gate, with both finding that needed champions to get control of the seedship and recover an important device known as Oscillation Overthruster, to complete their instrument of victory.

Before the party can retrieve the device needed by Resurrectra/Kastore, they first find themselves having do battle against the diabolical Kreegans (the devil-like race that featured in ) and eliminate their monarch, Xenofex. Travelling the Land of the Giants, the party soon receive a message from Archibald upon arrival, informing them that (regardless of their alignment) Kastore deposed him and took control of the Necromancers. Having become weary and guilt-ridden for his past crimes, he asks the players to enter the Kreegan's fortress and rescue Roland, in the hopes it will lift a death sentence put on him by Catherine. Rescuing Roland and defeating Xenofex, the party watch as the Ironfists reunite, before Archibald renounces his claim to Enroth's throne and departs in peace (which leads on into ).

With the Kreegan dealt a blow, the party soon receive wetsuits from Resurrectra/Kastore, and venture into the "Lincoln" battling droids and finally retrieving the Osciliation Overthruster. The story ends depending on the party's chosen alignment. If Light, Resurrectra's party uses the Overthruster to complete the Gate, thus being transported to a neighbouring space station where the party meets Corak (that is, a second C.O.R.A.K. module Guardian - another appeared throughout Might and Magic -) who reveals the nature of the Ancients' war. If dark, Kastore's party uses it to revive the Heavenly Forge, thus producing an endless supply of futuristic weaponry capable of dominating the world. This ending was planned to be canonical, leading into the events of .

Aaron John Loeb reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "If you have a burning hunger for a new RPG, "Might and Magic VII" offers a fine quick fix, but you don't get anything more than you'd expect."

"Might and Magic VII" was nominated for "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s and "Computer Gaming World"s 1999 "Role-Playing Game of the Year" awards, both of which ultimately went to "".


</doc>
<doc id="2180059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180059" title="Might and Magic VIII: Day of the Destroyer">
Might and Magic VIII: Day of the Destroyer

Might and Magic VIII: Day of the Destroyer is a role-playing video game developed for Microsoft Windows by New World Computing and released in 2000 by the 3DO Company. It is the eighth game in the "Might and Magic" series. The game received middling critical reviews, a first for the series, with several critics citing the game's length and its increasingly dated game engine, which had been left fundamentally unaltered since "" in 1998.

"Might and Magic VIII" is based on the "" game engine, and many of its elements are strongly similar to the previous two titles in the series. Unlike the previous two games, however, "Might and Magic VIII" introduces a new party management system that allows all but one of the five possible player characters to be hired, dismissed or re-hired at any time during gameplay. The character class system used in the previous two games has similarly been overhauled, with only the cleric and knight classes remaining. The experience, spells, levelling and skill system present in both previous "Might and Magic" titles is retained, with only minor updates.

In place of the traditional class system, "Might and Magic VIII" features non-archetypical playable races. Aside from human knights, clerics and necromancers, available classes include minotaurs, dragons, vampires, dark elves, and trolls, each of whom possesses traits unique to their particular race. As with its two predecessors, the game world is divided into fourteen "regions", including five elemental planes, each of which contains a varying mix of explorable towns, dungeons and wildernesses. Enemies are fought in either real-time or turn-based combat, depending on the player's preference.

In typical "Might and Magic" fashion, the game is fairly non-linear, so quests can be completed at the player's own leisure, though the completion of storyline quests is essential for progression. Dialog, lore and exploration are important to progression in the game, with some dungeons involving relevant puzzles. In addition, side quests and dungeons can warrant rewards if completed, but are not vital to the main storyline. Also, promotion quests can increase the capabilities of particular classes of character.

Like "Might and Magic VII", the game includes a system of choices which affect fundamental aspects of gameplay. Throughout the course of the storyline, the player is given opportunities to side with either dragons or dragon hunters, and either sun priests or necromancers. This choice is permanent and affects several quests, NPC reactions and available recruitable characters. However, unlike its prequel, the game's ending sequence is not affected by the outcome of these choices.

"Might and Magic VIII" takes place on the fictional world of Enroth, upon the continent of Jadame, and acts as a sequel to "" and "". Over a thousand years ago, the interstellar war between the Ancients and the Kreegan drove both races off of one of the Ancients' many colony worlds. During the millennium since, the original colonists and natives of that world built their own society and culture from the ruin, the stories of the Ancients and the Kreegan having long since passed into legend. Ten years ago, as depicted in "", the Kreegan invaded the world. The heroes of "Might and Magic VI" destroyed the Kreegan Queen, and the last of the Kreegan were wiped out over the course of "Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia", "" and "Heroes III: Armageddon's Blade". The Ancients, however, anticipating disaster should the Kreegan manage to gain a foothold on the world, had already enacted a scorched earth plan: rather than let the world fall into the hands of their ancient enemies, they would see it destroyed outright.

A servant of the Ancients, the planeswalker Escaton, arrives in the village of Ravenshore on the continent of Jadame. Approaching the center of town, he summons a giant crystal which unleashes an elemental storm across the continent. There is widespread destruction and the boundaries to the four Elemental Planes are breached. Now elementals and monsters from beyond the boundaries are threatening to invade, fulfilling Escaton's plan to draw the powers of the elements toward the crystal and destroy the world, and the player must assemble a party of heroes to prevent this.

The game features several recurring characters from previous titles in the series, including the Elemental Lords from , the Ironfists from Heroes of Might and Magic, and the necromancers Sandro and Thant from Heroes of Might and Magic III.

The continent of Jadame is first introduced in this game, previously unmentioned in the series. The four elemental gateways appear in the four corners of Jadame: the Gateway of Earth on one of the Dagger Wound Islands (southeast), the Gateway of Water in Ravage Roaming (southwest), the Gateway of Air in the Murmurwoods (northwest), and the Gateway of Fire in the Ironsand Desert (northeast). In each case they cause an environmental disaster: a volcano in the Dagger Wound Island chain erupts and the tremors destroy the bridges that link the islands, the minotaur undercity in Ravage Roaming is flooded, the trees in a large area of the Murmurwoods are uprooted by the winds, and much of the troll settlement in Ironsand is destroyed by an explosion of fire. Escaton raised an enormous crystal in the centre of the city of Ravenshore, which acts as the portal to the Plane Between Planes, where the Destroyer resides.

The first character created by the player remains with the party for the entire game and is referred to as the "Acknowledged Champion of Jadame". This character leads the party through the adventures in the game.


"Might and Magic VIII" was released to a generally average reception, and was regarded by many critics as surprisingly inferior to previous titles in the series, though still a passable game. "IGN" praised the game's rendered cutscenes, storyline, setting and background along with its overall consistency and expansion on the "Might and Magic" universe, noting these as particularly strong points, but was disappointed with in-game graphics and the reused engine's low modern capabilities, citing these as pitiful compared to other, more modern RPGs.

This was echoed by "GameSpot" reviewer, who, though intrigued by the series' addictive charm, was displeased with "Might and Magic VIII"'s tedious interface and pointed out the imbalance of the dragon character class. Game Revolution's reviewer was dissatisfied with the plot, particularly in comparison to earlier titles, and felt the game was identical to both its prequels.

Kevin Rice reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "This isn't the bottom of the barrel in RPG gaming, but you can see the bottom from here."

In Japan, the game was ported by Imagineer for the PlayStation 2 under the title . The game has just a few minor changes. Before this port, the last game in the main series to appear on a console was , almost ten years previously.



</doc>
<doc id="2180694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180694" title="Lock On: Modern Air Combat">
Lock On: Modern Air Combat

Lock On: Modern Air Combat or LOMAC, known in Russia as Lock On, is a modern combat flight simulation developed by Eagle Dynamics and published by Ubi Soft in Europe and 1C Company in Russia; it is considered as a survey simulator by its creators. It contains 8 flyable aircraft and over 40 non-playable/AI-controlled planes. The game mainly revolves around air-to-air combat and air-to-ground combat with some optional, unique roles such as pinpoint/anti-radiation strikes, anti-ship strikes or aerobatics. The game realistically models all aspects of take-off and landing, AWACS (also known as AEW&C), carrier-based landings (for the Su-33), and aerial refueling.

LockOn: Flaming Cliffs 2 is a further evolution of LockOn: Flaming Cliffs. All of the player-controlled aircraft have been transferred to the virtual environment created for the Digital Combat Simulator series.

In November 2009 Eagle Dynamics announced that a paid upgrade called "Flaming Cliffs 2.0" was planned for release in early 2010. 

In 2013, the third version of the game was released as a Digital Combat Simulator module.

The editors of "Computer Gaming World" nominated "Lock On: Modern Air Combat" for their 2003 "Flight Simulation of the Year" award, which ultimately went to "".


</doc>
<doc id="2180735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2180735" title="True Crime: New York City">
True Crime: New York City

True Crime: New York City is a 2005 neo-noir open world action-adventure video game developed by Luxoflux for PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube. It was ported to Microsoft Windows by Aspyr, and to mobile by Hands-On Mobile. It was published on all systems by Activision. The PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube versions were released in November 2005, the PC version in March 2006, and the mobile version in March 2007. It is the second entry in the "True Crime" franchise, after the 2003 "".

The game tells the story of Marcus Reed, a former New York City gang member turned police officer. On his first night on the job after receiving a promotion to detective in the Organized Crime Unit, Reed witnesses the death of his mentor. Helped by an FBI agent who is investigating a mole in the OCU, Reed sets about finding out who killed his friend and bringing down the mole. The game features a recreation of the borough of Manhattan, with most street names, major landmarks and highways reproduced with GPS accuracy.

"New York City" received mixed reviews, with reviewers citing numerous technical and graphical glitches, leading many to speculate the final stages of development had been rushed. The game was also a commercial failure, selling only 72,000 units across all platforms in its first two weeks of release in North America, much less than "Streets of LA". Its lackluster critical response and poor sales figures partially contributed to the abandonment of the "True Crime" franchise. Originally intended as the first of a two-part series set in New York and featuring Marcus Reed, after the game's poor performance, Activision scrapped the direct sequel and put plans for future "True Crime" games on hold. In 2007, they hired United Front Games to develop an open world game set in Hong Kong. By 2009, this game had become "True Crime: Hong Kong". However, in 2011, the game was canceled. The publishing rights were picked up by Square Enix several months later, and "True Crime: Hong Kong" was ultimately released as "Sleeping Dogs", which has no connection to the "True Crime" series. In 2014, Activision dropped the "True Crime" trademark completely.

"True Crime" is an open world action-adventure game played from a third-person perspective, in which the player controls Detective Marcus Reed of the PDNY. There are four "major cases" in the game; the Magdalena Cartel, the Palermo Mob, the Presidents Club, and the Shadow Tong. When the game begins, only the Magdalena Cartel case is available for play, but once that case has been closed, the player is free to play the remaining three cases in any order they wish.

The game falls into the subgenre of "Grand Theft Auto" clones as the core gameplay and game mechanics are very similar to 2001's "Grand Theft Auto III", 2002's "", and 2004's "". The player can travel across the city freely, commandeer vehicles, do whatever they want in terms of attacking and/or killing innocent civilians, progress through the storyline at their own leisure, spending as much time traversing the city as they wish, and engage in minigames and sidequests. The three main sidequests are a street racing circuit, an underground fight club tournament, and securing confidential informants.

A major difference from previous open world action-adventure video games, including the game's predecessor, "", is that many buildings throughout the city, beyond those related to the game's story, are accessible to the player. These include pharmacies, where the player can purchase medicine, and delis, where they can purchase food (both of which restore lost health), clothing stores where they can purchase new outfits, car dealers where they can purchase new cars, dojos where they can purchase new fighting techniques, record stores where they can purchase new songs for the game's soundtrack, gun stores where they can purchase new weaponry and ammunition, and other random buildings such as hotels, nightclubs, restaurants, and apartment buildings. Players can also purchase food from hot dog stands. In most business interiors, players can extort the owner for extra cash and/or plant evidence to make an arrest.

Another new addition to the "True Crime" franchise is the ability for the player to traverse the city not just on foot or by car, but by using public transport. The New York City subway system is available for use, and the player can also hail yellow taxis at any time, requesting transport to any point on the map. Both modes of transportation require a minimal fee.

The main game involves three main types of mission, each with its own unique gameplay; shooting, fighting and driving.

During shooting missions, the game auto-targets the closest opponent. If the player wishes to switch target to another opponent, they must do so manually. When the player is in shooting mode, they can enter "Precision Targeting" at any time. At this point, the game switches to first-person, zooms in on the target, and goes into slow motion momentarily. While in Precision Targeting, if the targeting reticule turns blue, the player can hit the enemy with a neutralizing, non-lethal shot. If the player fires when the reticule is red, the enemy will be killed instantly. Players can also take cover during shootouts, firing from behind cover when the opportunity presents itself. Players are also free to pick up any weapons dropped by enemies. Once the ammo of these weapons is depleted, however, Reed will drop the weapon and revert to his standard issue .38 ACP handgun, which, although it does need to be reloaded, never runs out of ammo.

In hand-to-hand combat, the player has three main attacks; light attack, heavy attack, and grapple. When the player grapples an opponent, they are free to throw them, or hit them with a number of light and/or heavy attacks. At certain points during combat, the enemy will be stunned, and a meter will appear on-screen prompting the player to press either the heavy attack or light attack button as much as possible within a set time. The more times the player presses the button, the more devastating the resulting special attack. The player can also toggle between different fighting styles, and switch to using a melee weapon at any time.
Driving missions can involve either trying to catch another car, or escape from another car. At all times, when the player is in a car, their car's condition is shown on screen. If the car's health meter empties, the car is close to destruction. As with "Streets of LA", during normal driving missions, the player can solve random crimes given by the radio dispatcher, although, unlike in the first game, these crimes can now take place inside buildings as well as on the streets. Additionally, the map is divided up into twenty different neighborhoods. When Reed solves a random crime in a particular area, the crime rate in that area drops. After he has solved a set number of crimes in one area, that area is considered "clean," and crime rates will not increase (although random crimes will still occur within the area). If Reed continues to ignore random crimes in a given area before it is clean, the crime rate in that area will increase, leading to stores closing, dirtier streets, boarded up buildings, more aggressive civilians, and resulting in more random crimes needed to clean the area up.

Unlike "Streets of LA", where the player could purchase upgrades at the costs of reward points and upon completion of a challenge, upgrades in "New York City" simply cost money, with no points system and no challenge in place. Upgrades become available for purchase as the player moves up through five grades of promotion. Money in the game can be earned legitimately by collecting wages, or illegitimately by selling evidence at pawn shops and/or extorting business owners.

The player also has a "Good Cop/Bad Cop" meter. If the player arrests criminals, solves crimes, shoots opponents with neutralizing shots, and knocks out rather than kills opponents, they will get Good Cop points. If, however, they kill civilians, kill unarmed criminals, shoot armed criminals in the head, fail to identify themselves as a police officer before opening fire, extort businesses, or sell evidence to pawn stores, they will get Bad Cop points. The player's status as a Good Cop or a Bad Cop will affect the game's ending. If the player's Bad Cop score gets too high, the player is considered to have "gone rogue," and other police officers will begin to attack Reed.

The game begins in December 2000, with gangster Marcus Reed (voiced by Avery Waddell) arriving at the home of an associate who has betrayed him. Reed had been placed in charge of the organized crime empire run by his father, Isaiah "The King" Reed (Laurence Fishburne), who has been in prison for fifteen years. As an attempted hit was carried out on Reed in New York, someone stabbed Isaiah in jail. However, both father and son survived, and Reed now kills everyone who betrayed him. PDNY detective Terry Higgins (Mickey Rourke) then arrives on the scene. He is a close friend of Isaiah, and Reed's godfather, and he offers to cover up the killings, on the condition that Reed gets his life together.

Five years later, Reed is now a PDNY officer, working as a beat cop under the command of Lt. Deena Dixon (Mariska Hargitay). However, he has applied for and been accepted into the Organized Crime Unit run by Chief Victor Navarro (Esai Morales), where he is partnered with Higgins. On Reed's first night, Higgins heads for a meeting at a warehouse, telling Reed he doesn't need to know the details. Moments after Higgins enters the building, it explodes, killing Higgins. In the aftermath, Navarro returns Reed to Dixon's command. She tells him he can keep his recently earned promotion and work plainclothes, but is not to investigate Higgins' death, as Navarro wants the investigation to remain internal to OCU. Shortly thereafter, Reed is contacted by FBI Special Agent Gabriel Whitting (Christopher Walken), who informs him there is a mole in the OCU. Whitting believes Higgins was about to reveal the identity of the mole, which is why he was killed. Prior to his death, Higgins told Whitting to bring Reed into the investigation should anything happen. All Whitting knows about the mole is that they are in contact with four major crime organizations in Manhattan.

Reed's first investigation is the Magdalena Cartel, believed to be responsible for 75% of New York's cocaine trade. Higgins had made contact with socialite and philanthropist Teresa Castillo (Socorro Santiago), who he believed may be able to help him get inside the cartel. She gives Reed information leading him to the Magdalena safe house, where he chases down their leader, Rey (Paolo Andino). However, Rey turns out to be head of the Latin Lords, the main rival of the Magdalena Cartel; the Cartel was using Reed to take out their competition. Reed discovers Teresa's real name is Magdalena Rojas, and she runs the cartel. He arrests her, but she tells him she doesn't know who the mole is, only that as their information was always accurate, she knows it is someone high up in the OCU.

Reed next goes after the Palermo Mob. Whitting tells him that when the last Don was imprisoned in 1995, the mob went into decline. Recently, however, the remnants have begun to organize. Whitting believes a new Don has emerged, but is unsure who it may be. After taking down the mob's lucrative illegal organ operation and interrogating the new don's right hand man Alfie, Reed is led to the family's don, Vincent Tuzzi (Fred Berman). When Reed interrogates him, he says he never met the OCU mole; all their business was conducted over the phone. All Tuzzi knows is that he has a Spanish accent.

Reed next investigates the Presidents Club; a gang run by five men using pseudonyms of former Presidents of the United States. They control the supply of a new drug called "Pop", a combination of ecstasy and cocaine. Four of the leaders call themselves Lincoln, Hamilton, Jackson and Grant. The overall leader is called Benjamin, who takes ironic pride in the fact that Benjamin Franklin was never President. Whitting sends Reed to a drug den in Harlem run by Lincoln (Phil Morris). Lincoln leads Reed to Hamilton (Richard Yearwood), who tells him the Yakuza have declared war on the Presidents, and Jackson is on his way to kill the Yakuza's leader, Kobi (Jeanne Mori). Reed saves Kobi from a drive-by shooting, and kills Jackson. Kobi tells him Benjamin's real name is Lionel Jones (Cornell Womack), a famed rapper and music producer. Reed heads to Jones' factory, arriving in time to see Kobi's men killed by Grant (Greg Eagles). Grant leads Reed to Jones' building, where Reed fights through Jones' men to his zen garden on the roof, seeing him kill Kobi. He interrogates Jones, who tells him he doesn't know who the mole in the OCU is, except that he calls himself "El Jefe."

Reed next goes after the Shadow Tong, a Triad outfit run by Leeland Shen (Jerry Ying). Whitting has only one way for Reed to make contact with Leeland; his step-sister, Vivian (Jennifer Chu) recently ran away, and Shen has been unable to find her. Witting tells Reed where she is, and Reed returns her to Leeland, pretending he wants to cut a deal for The King to distribute Leeland's merchandise in Harlem. Leeland puts Reed in contact with Lin (James Hong), who handles local distribution. However, Leeland discovers Reed is an undercover cop and orders Lin to kill him. Reed survives, and based on the information Lin has given him, goes to a Chinese dock ship where their human smuggling operation takes place. After he takes down the captain of the ship and interrogates him, Reed heads to Leeland's headquarters, where Leeland tells him he doesn't know who the mole is, but he does know a bribe is set to be picked up at a locker in Grand Central Station.

Reed calls Whitting, telling him he believes Navarro is the mole, and asking for a search warrant for the locker. Inside, they find the money, although Navarro claims he has been set up. Whitting arrests him, and, thinking the case closed, Reed heads home. However, in the subway, he is approached by Higgins. Reed immediately realizes Higgins was the mole all along; he knew Whitting was getting close to him so he faked his own death and then set up Navarro to take the fall. Higgins asks Reed to join him, offering him a bribe and threatens to expose his role in the massacre 5 years ago, but Reed refuses. He pursues Higgins through a subway car, eventually killing him. As a reward for Reed's work, Whitting promises to pull some strings to get Isaiah a hearing with the DA.

In an alternate "Bad ending," Navarro kills Whitting when he tries to arrest him, and Reed pursues him into the subway, killing him. As Reed heads home, he is approached by Higgins. Reed is unsurprised, having realized Higgins had faked his own death. Higgins asks Reed to join him in Mexico, but Reed kills him. The game ends with Reed sitting in the subway station contemplating what to do with Higgins' money.

The game was first announced on July 21, 2004, when Activision CEO Ron Doornink announced plans for "sequels to "", "Call of Duty", "Spider-Man", "Tony Hawk", "Shrek", and "Quake"." However, nothing more was heard about the game for almost a year; until May 2005, when Activision revealed that the game was so big, developers Luxoflux had drafted in staff from another Activision owned developer, Z-Axis. The game, under the provisional title "True Crime 2", was unofficially scheduled for a third quarter release, and was expected to be unveiled at the upcoming E3 event. Doornink stated "In the third quarter, we plan to release our strongest and most diverse lineup ever--specifically, brand-new games for "Tony Hawk", "Call of Duty", "", "True Crime", "Quake", and "Shrek". Each of these franchises is targeted at a different consumer."
On May 18, Activision debuted a trailer for the game. The trailer revealed nothing about the plot or the location, but simply featured Marcus Reed arresting some criminals. Attached to the trailer was a competition called ""True Crime": Guess the City and Win Marcus' Ride." Players were encouraged to go to the game's official website and guess in which city they think the game is set. The competition's winner would win a Chrysler 300, Reed's car when the game begins. At the E3 event, Activision dedicated a large part of their booth to the upcoming game, but no footage was made available, nor was any plot information, or even a title, with the game now going by "True Crime 2005". The Chrysler available in the competition was present, as were DJs playing songs which would be featured in the game. All that was confirmed at E3 was that the game would definitely be released on current generation systems.

On June 22, 2005, "True Crime"s official website revealed the game would take place in New York City, with an image of the Manhattan skyline appearing as the site's wallpaper. In August, IGN published an interview with former NYPD detective Bill Clark, who had previously served as executive producer and technical advisor of "NYPD Blue", and was now working as head technical advisor for "True Crime: New York City". Clarke has been with the NYPD for twenty-five years, seventeen in homicide. During his time on the force, he was involved in such major cases as the Son of Sam investigation, and the collapse of several of the "Five Families". Of his involvement with the game, Clarke stated

In his efforts to help Activision make the best game they could, Clarke found a compromise had to be reached between reality and the nature of videogaming;

A work-in-progress build of the game was first shown on September 7. Activision revealed the basic plot and announced the branching storyline system from "Streets of LA" was not being used. Instead, when the player fails a mission, they would simply be given the option to replay it, meaning story content wouldn't be missed. They also announced several features new to the game, including a continuous day/night cycle, a more populated city than Los Angeles in "Streets of LA", a much darker palette than the first game, more cars and vehicles, the ability to travel by taxi or subway, and the ability to enter buildings beyond those related to plot. They also explained the precinct component of the game; if the player ignores random crimes in particular areas, shops will begin to close down, the city streets will become dirtier and buildings will be boarded up. It was also revealed the playing area would be .
The following week, the main voice cast was announced, including Laurence Fishburne, Mickey Rourke, Christopher Walken, Mariska Hargitay, Esai Morales, and Traci Lords. Marcus Reed would be voiced by Avery Waddell. Details of the soundtrack were released a week later. The soundtrack's headliner was Redman, who was recording an original song for the game, and would also be an unlocakble character with his own minigame, much as Snoop Dogg had in "Streets of LA". Tim Riley, worldwide executive of music at Activision, stated "As an East Coast artist who paid his dues performing in the clubs of New York City, Redman's inspired rhymes bring the gritty realism of the city to life in our game. His bold lyrics and hard-edged funk beats capture the vibes of the city, from Washington Heights to Harlem and all the way down to Battery Park." Activision also announced that although the game had only one original song, it would feature over eighty licensed tracks from artists such as Jay Z, Fat Joe, A Tribe Called Quest, The Ramones, The Velvet Underground, My Chemical Romance, The Bravery, and Bob Dylan.

As part of the video game's launch, PUMA announced a unique sneaker mission within the game, and the production of a special edition sneaker. In the game, if players find all of the True Crime RS-100 sneakers throughout the city and return them to real New York City retailers featured in the game, the player unlocks an exclusive PUMA outfit for Reed. In addition, players could purchase the limited-edition True Crime RS-100 sneakers within the same New York City stores in the real world.

On September 26, 2005, Raymond Kelly (New York City Police Commissioner) and Patrick Lynch (president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association of the City of New York) called for a boycott of the game, citing its depiction of law-breaking police officers as damaging and offensive. In an interview with the "New York Daily News", Kelly stated "It's an outrage. I think it disrespects all police officers." Although the game was made in conjunction with two former NYPD detectives, Bill Clarke and Tom Walker (author of "Fort Apache: The Bronx"), and although the police force in the game is called the PDNY (as opposed to the real life NYPD), Kelly stated "It's totally inappropriate. It's a tough job, a dangerous job, and this undermines what police officers try to do. I'm saddened that some former members of the department are linked to that video game." Lynch said of Clarke, "The cop who worked on this video should look in the mirror. He makes it harder for everyone working the job." Clark responded by commenting that police unions "should stop worrying about video games and spend more time getting cops more than a $25,000 starting salary."

"True Crime: New York City" received "mixed or average reviews" across all systems; the PlayStation 2 version holds an aggregate score of 60 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on forty-seven reviews; the Xbox version 60 out of 100, based on forty-three reviews, the GameCube version 59 out of 100, based on twenty-five reviews; and the PC version 54 out of 100, based on twelve reviews.

IGN's Chris Roper scored the console versions 7.8 out of 10, praising "how well your general duties as a cop are tied into the game, working very well alongside your own personal investigations," and finding the gameplay and game mechanics superior to "Streets of LA". His main criticism was "it doesn't really take any risks [...] it doesn't feel like it's an altogether new gaming experience." However, he wrote ""True Crime"s strengths lie in the solid ways that everything is put together." He concluded "it's a solid title through and through, but you won't find a whole lot of water cooler moments in there [...] If you're tired of the whole "GTA" thing and want more substance, this may not be the game for you. For everyone else though, "TC: NYC" is definitely worth checking out." He scored the PC version 6.5 out of 10, and was critical of Aspyr's work on the port; "it seems the company did little more than get the game up and running on the PC and didn't bother to fine-tune a few of the controls for the system." He was highly critical of the graphics; "Pop-up is a major problem [...] LOD on characters is also pretty screwy, with entirely mis-matched low-res models filling in for some characters [...] shadows and such pop in and out of view, camera movement during cutscenes would cut at odd times or display the wrong angle for a split second, etc. etc. It simply feels unpolished."

Eurogamer's Jim Rossignol scored the PlayStation 2 version 6 out of 10, writing ""True Crime" trips over its own inflated Nikes with just a few too many moments of lamentable emptiness." He was critical of the AI; "The perps you take down never suggest that they are anything other than mindless automata ready to be slain, and exhibit an artificiality that could never be described as 'intelligence'." He also compared the game unfavorably to ""; "while artistically more accomplished, "New York City" lacks the personality of the big daddy. And there is little in the way of humour."

GameSpy's Sterling McGarvey scored the PlayStation 2 version 2.5 out of 5, writing Luxoflux have "turned a slightly above-par "GTA" clone into a sub-par franchise." He was critical of the recreation of New York; "textures look rather drab and plain, and the draw distance looks blurry and uninteresting [...] it really feels as though the development team failed to capture one of New York's most distinctive traits: the raw humanity of it all." Of the graphics, he wrote, "the frame rate has a knack for chugging. Considering it's a console and not a five year-old PC running this game, it's unacceptable. Out of nowhere, the frame rate will completely bottom out while Marcus patrols the streets." He concluded by criticizing the game for being unfinished, arguing anyone who buys it will "have dropped their hard-earned money to beta test a truly unfinished game."

GameSpot's Greg Mueller was extremely unimpressed, scoring the GameCube and PlayStation 2 versions 4.6 out of 10, and the Xbox version 4.3 out of 10. He accused the game of being "so riddled with problems that it feels like it was rushed to make it to store shelves in time for the holidays." He cited "bugs that will make you randomly fall through the ground into a bunch of nothingness, bugs that make textures change when you get in and out of a car, bugs that cause you to inadvertently break a scripted sequence, thus making it impossible to complete a mission. There are also collision detection issues and edge detection problems that cause you to get stuck on the edge of a platform. That's not all--the game will actually freeze up entirely from time to time [...] There are also some pretty ugly clipping issues here too." He concluded ""True Crime: New York City" should be avoided regardless of whether or not you enjoyed the first "True Crime". The gameplay has a few almost-decent spots, but the technical problems far outweigh any faint hope this game ever had of being enjoyable. If you're curious about what a video game looks like before it goes through adequate testing and quality assurance, then by all means give this one a try." He scored the PC version 5.2 out of 10, writing, "while it manages to address some of the more egregious glitches that appeared in the console versions of the game, it still doesn't feel like a finished product."

"True Crime: New York City" did not sell well, falling considerably short of Activision's expectations. In North America, "True Crime: Streets of LA" sold over 300,000 units across all platforms in its first week. By the end of its first month, it had sold over 600,000 units. Ultimately, it went on to sell over 3 million units worldwide across all platforms. By contrast, "New York City" sold only 72,000 units in its first two weeks, earning only $3.6 million.

At the 2005 Spike Video Game Awards, "True Crime" was nominated for four awards; "Cyber Vixen of the Year" (Traci Lords as Cassandra Hartz), "Best Supporting Male Performance" (Christopher Walken as Gabrial Whitting), and two "Best Supporting Female" nominations (Traci Lords as Cassandra Hartz and Mariska Hargitay as Deena Dixon). It won "Best Supporting Male Performance" and Lords won "Best Supporting Female Performance." Cyber Vixen of the Year was won by Maria Menounos as Eva in "".

"True Crime: New York City" was originally intended to have been the first part of a two-part series set in New York and featuring Marcus Reed, but the second part was never made.

Due to the game's critical and commercial failure, Activision dropped plans for any future "True Crime" games. However, towards the end of 2007, they approached United Front Games to develop an open world game for next generation consoles set in Hong Kong, and unrelated to the "True Crime" series. Originally called "Black Lotus", the game went into production in early 2008. A year into development, Activision proposed that "Black Lotus" be incorporated into the "True Crime" franchise, due to the similarities in their designs and plots; all three games were set in open worlds with narratives centered on an undercover cop in a criminal organization. Activision hoped the new ideas brought to the table by United Front could help revitalize the "True Crime" franchise. At the 2009 Spike Video Game Awards, Activision debuted the game as "True Crime: Hong Kong". Although originally slated for a Fall 2010 release, in May 2010, Activision announced the game had been pushed back to early 2011 "in order to give the development team more time to deliver the high-quality entertainment experience they envision for the game."

In February 2011, however, Activision cancelled "True Crime: Hong Kong", claiming that due to "quality issues," further investment would not make the game competitive in the open world genre. United Front executive producer Stephen Van Der Mescht expressed disappointment with Activision's decision, stating the game was "playable from start to finish and virtually complete in terms of content." In June, Activision CEO Eric Hirshberg explained that an escalating budget and development delays were the main contributing factors in the game's cancellation. Hirshberg stated that the increase in budget and subsequent delays meant the game would have to be "a pretty incredible success in order to be worth the investment that it was taking to get it done." Due to competition posed by other titles, particularly "Grand Theft Auto" and "Red Dead Redemption", and the fact that the previous game in the "True Crime" series had been a critical and commercial failure, Activision's view was that the game would not be able to compete.

However, in August, Square Enix acquired the publishing rights to the game, although they did not buy the rights to the "True Crime" franchise, which were retained by Activision. Ultimately, the game was renamed "Sleeping Dogs" and released in August 2012. In December 2014, Activision abandoned the "True Crime" trademark completely.


</doc>
<doc id="2181549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2181549" title="Neon Genesis Evangelion: Shinji Ikari Raising Project">
Neon Genesis Evangelion: Shinji Ikari Raising Project

Play proceeds in three major ways: The weekly schedule, battle, and dialogue choices. The player chooses Shinji's schedule for each week (each day having two event slots); what Shinji does influences his statistics (for example, taking synch tests improves his ability in an Eva). On Sundays, Shinji can take part in extra activities such as shopping for items which have various effects or NERV work which unlocks new Eva equipment. Battle controls are menu-driven and the outcome is determined partly by statistics and partly by luck. At various points Shinji will be asked to make choices during dialogue which can have far-reaching influence on the story.

Both the game and manga introduce three new female Nerv technicians: (voiced by Ai Shimizu), (voiced by Maria Yamamoto), and (voiced by Yui Horie).

During the game you may raise Shinji's stats which influence the ending and gameplay, these include:


As the game goes on it is possible for Shinji to develop a relationship with people. Relationships are also raised by certain story choices you make. The following are characters Shinji can develop a relationship with.

Girls:





Boys:

Job related:


Relationship Related:


During a fight an eva has between 2 and 5 choices of what to do:

A manga serial under the same name, drawn by Takahashi Osamu (高橋脩), has been released in Japan. It has eighteen volumes and is published by Kadokawa. It was serialized in Shōnen Ace, the same publication as the manga version by Yoshiyuki Sadamoto. The manga came to an end in February 2016 (after Takahashi planned to end it in summer 2015), and an eighteenth volume was the final one.

The manga diverges from the original Neon Genesis Evangelion and shares several plot divergences with "".




</doc>
<doc id="2185322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185322" title="Gekkeiju Online">
Gekkeiju Online

"Gekkeiju Online" was a GameOgre.com online game of the week, highlighting the MUD-style gameplay which is considered more in-depth than regular MMORPGs.

A completely redone version of Gekkeiju Online launched to public beta test in January 2010.

The game's character options consist of nine playable character races, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. The playable races are: humans, elves, halflings, half-giants, dwarves, wild elves, dark elves, goblins and catfolk.

It's possible to change the race during playing through reincarnation offered by various NPCs in game. This is also the only way to get access to some of the races.

There are 5 character classes available in Gekkeiju Online - warrior, commoner, magic user, divine arts and dark arts. Each of the character classes has its own set of guilds that can be joined to learn skills and spells. The character class also decides the skills and spells character learns automatically during the first 10 levels.

Warrior is the very basic fighter class. Their guilds specialize in melee, ranged attacks and animal taming. New players always start as warriors.

Commoners are a combinations of spell casters and fighters. Their guilds include for example bards and merchants.

Magic Users are the strongest users of magic. They can learn spells from defensive to offensive.

Divine Arts are a spellcaster class that uses divine spiritual magic such as healing-spells. Divine arts can also learn some combat skills.

Dark Arts are the evil counterpart of divine arts. Dark Arts spells are focused on damage used to supplement melee combat skill. Their guilds include death knights and fallen priests.

Advancement of character in Gekkeiju Online happens by gaining experience points by either solving quests or by killing monsters. The advancement, however, doesn't happen automatically but player needs to purchase character levels with the gained experience points which can be done at level trainer NPCs.

Character will automatically learn skills during the first 10 levels every time after level advancement. However, starting at level 10 the only way to learn skills and spells is to join a guild. It's then possible to train skills in the guild with experience points. This means that starting at level 10 player needs to choose between level and skill advancement.

Player versus player (PvP) killing in Gekkeiju Online is nearly free and without other than game enforced limitations. The limitations help those who do not like player killing. The maps in the game are divided into different PvP types:-- Guarded and PvP. 

Guarded maps allow players to fight each other but attacking will flag the attacking player as criminal. Guarded areas also always have guard NPCs that hunt down all criminal players. Criminal players will drop their whole inventory on ground and be teleported into jail when killed. The jail time depends on the number of players killed in a guarded map.

In PvP maps fighting is allowed but slightly limited. If the attacked player doesn't retaliate before being killed by a player, the attacker will be flagged as murderer. The only way to remove the murderer flag is to gain experience points by killing monsters. Murderers also have a small chance of dropping some of their items when killed.





</doc>
<doc id="2185627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2185627" title="Ultimate Spider-Man (video game)">
Ultimate Spider-Man (video game)

Ultimate Spider-Man is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on the comic book of the same name by Brian Michael Bendis and Mark Bagley, itself based on the Marvel Comis superhero Spider-Man. The game was released on most sixth generation consoles, including Game Boy Advance, GameCube, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo DS.

It is the second open-world Spider-Man video game, after 2004's "Spider-Man 2", and features a similar gameplay, allowing the players to freely explore Manhattan and parts of Queens, whilist stopping crimes and completing various other tasks and side missions. An unique gameplay feature, however, is the ability to play as Venom, who controls diffrently from Spider-Man and has his own series of side missions. The game's story is set in the universe of the "Ultimate Spider-Man" comic book series and depicts the conflict between Spider-Man and Venom from both of their perspectives, as well as their attempt to uncover the secret behind Bolivar Trask's company and his involvement in the creation of the Venom symbiote the death of both Spider-Man and Venom's fathers.

The game begins with a recap of Spider-Man/Peter Parker's origins as a superhero. Peter next explains how his and Eddie Brock's fathers worked together to find a cure for cancer and managed to create a "suit" capable of healing its wearer of any injury or disease. However, after signing a contract with Trask Industries, they lost ownership of this "Venom" suit, which was the only one in existence and remained incomplete. The dangerous and incomplete Venom suit would be kept by Trask Industries after both Eddie Sr. and Richard Parker died in a plane crash, never to be seen or heard of again.

Years later, Eddie Jr. and Peter reunite and discover the Venom suit is their inheritance. After learning how his dad had been cheated by Trask Industries, Spider-Man breaks into the vault containing the Venom suit and is covered by a portion of it, creating his black suit. It enhances his superhuman abilities to new levels but also tries consuming him and leaves him drained by the experience. Eddie soon finds out about this and, after also learing Peter's secret identity as Spider-Man, takes the rest of the Venom suit for himself, imbuing himself with an incomplete, monstrous, and feral Venom symbiote. Venom confronts Peter on Midtown High School's football field and the two of them engage in a fight, until Venom is electrocuted by a downed power line and seemingly dies. Unbeknownst to both of them, Adrian Toomes secretly witnessed their fight and contacts someone to inform them about the Venom suit's return. 

Three months later, Peter has resumed his normal life. After school, he fights crime through Queens as Spider-Man, easily defeating the Shocker when he attempts to rob a bank, and even wins a friendly race against the Human Torch. Meanwhile, Eddie, who secretly survived their last confrontation, has been forced to feed on the life energy of civilians to prevent the suit from consuming him. One night, he attacks a bar, where he engages in a violent fight with Wolverine and emerges victorious. The next day, while at Midtown High's library, Mary Jane Watson learns of a large rhinoceros monster rampaging through Queens and implores Peter to investigate. Spider-Man discovers it to be R.H.I.N.O., a giant, rhinoceros-themed mecha suit, and, after stopping his destructive rampage, eventually fights him in a parking lot. Spider-Man defeats R.H.I.N.O. and leaves its pilot, a timid scientist named Alex O'Hirn (who is secretly working for Bolivar Trask), for the police. Later that night, Silver Sable and her Wild Pack, having been contracted by Trask to retrieve his "property," attack Venom, but he easily escapes after decimating Sable's forces, prompting her to look for a new strategy to capture Venom.

The following day, during a field trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Peter senses Venom on the roof and confronts him. The fight proves a challenge for Spider-Man since getting too close to Venom for too long induces him massive headaches, but he emerges victorious nontheless. Venom is then captured by Silver Sable, who Spider-Man assumes works for S.H.I.E.L.D. Eddie awakens inside an energy cage and speaks with Trask and Toomes, who convince him to test the Venom suit for them, as they knew Eddie and Peter's parents. His first test is to battle Electro, who he chases to Times Square. Spider-Man sees Electro and intervenes, only to be knocked out by one of his attacks. Electro then attempts to kill Spider-Man, but Venom shows an unusual amount of control in Spider-Man's presence and defeats Electro, before being forced to flee when S.H.I.E.L.D. arrives. As S.H.I.E.L.D. agents arrest Electro, Nick Fury wakes up Spider-Man, only for him to express his frustration over Fury always intervining with his life to have him fix his problems (as Electro was in S.H.I.E.L.D.'s custody before he managed to break out, as well as the fact that Spider-Man believes Silver Sable to be working for S.H.I.E.L.D.). Venom returns to Trask and reveals that he had more control over the suit around Spider-Man. Remembering that Richard Parker's DNA was used as the basis for the Venom suit, Trask concludes that Peter is Spider-Man and that this is what allowed him to use the suit effectively in the past, though only for a short time due to Peter lacking full compatibility. Silver Sable then takes Eddie to hunt Peter down, but he transforms into Venom and escapes, despite heavy resistance from Sable's forces.

Meanwhile, a mercenary who calls himself the Beetle arrives in New York and makes his presence known by freeing the Green Goblin from S.H.I.E.L.D. custody and by stealing a vial that containts a sample of Sandman. Spider-Man unwillingly comes across the Beetle in the city and gives chase, but after a brief fight on a construction site, the Beetle manages to escape. When asking the nearby people if they have seen the Beetle pass by, they point to the Latverian Embassy. Spider-Man decides to let S.H.I.E.L.D. handle the problem, only for Fury to later arrive and ask for Spider-Man's help, much to his frustration, but he accepts nontheless and returns to the Embassy. When he tries to infiltrate it, however, the Green Goblin emerges, forcing Spider-Man to pursue him to the U.N. building. Spider-Man manages to defeat the Green Goblin, who is then taken back into S.H.I.E.L.D. custody by Sharon Carter. Later, the Beetle reemerges and, having been dispatched to collect a sample of the Venom suit, attacks Venom and has him pursue him to an warehouse, where he traps him inside a large energy cage. The two of them then fight, but Venom proves to be much stronger than expected and defeats the Beetle, before fleeing into the night.

The next day, Silver Sable attacks Peter and tries to bring him to Trask, but he escapes and they fight above the Queensboro Bridge, until Venom appears and knocks Sable out. Spider-Man fights Venom once again and defeats him, but gets exhausted and they both end up unconscious, allowing Sable to deliver them to Trask. Eddie awakens inside Trask Industries after hearing Peter screaming as Toomes injects him with their own makeshift sample of the Venom suit, transforming him into Carnage. After escaping from his cage, Venom fights Carnage throughout the building and eventually defeats him, absorbing the symbiote into himself and spitting Peter out. The combination of the Carnage suit and the leftover Venom samples in Peter's blood grants Eddie complete control over the symbiote, symbolized by a white spider insignia appearing on Venom's chest. A furious Eddie then vows to kill Trask both for using him as a weapon and for Trask's role in his and Peter's fathers' deaths, but Spider-Man confronts Trask in his office first and he gives him some files on the boys' fathers. However, Venom then attacks Trask, causing him to flee to the rooftop in order to escape via helicopter. As Venom begins damaging Trask's helicopter and he accidentally sets the roof on fire in an attempt to stop him, Spider-Man arrives to stop Venom and briefly talks with Silver Sable, who leaves him alone, as her contract with Trask has just expired. Spider-Man and Venom then engage in a climatic final battle and the former emerges victorious, knocking Venom unconscious and saving Trask's life, who finally gives up the files on their fathers.

As S.H.I.E.L.D. arrives to put out the flames and arrest both Venom and Trask, Peter reads the files and discovers that the reason for their parents' plane crash was due to Eddie Sr. trying on the Venom suit on board, losing control due to his incompatibility just like Eddie did and killing the pilot. There were only three survivors, and one of the witnesses was Peter's mother, who died later in the ambulance. When Peter tells Fury that Eddie must see these files, Fury reveals to him that Eddie has escaped. Several days later, Eddie confronts Trask in a minimum security prison and brutally slays him. 

Meanwhile, Peter and Mary Jane look over the city atop a rooftop. When Peter vocalizes his worries about Eddie, Mary Jane replies by telling him not to worry about him, and that while Eddie was not there, she is. Peter responds by saying he's not sure if he's scared "of" Eddie, or "for" him. Elsewhere, a partially transformed Eddie leaps from a skyscraper, turning into Venom just before he hits the ground.

In "Ultimate Spider-Man", the player can experience a free-roaming city environment that covers Manhattan and parts of Queens. The player starts in story-mode where the game automatically switches between Spider-Man and Venom. Spider-Man travels by web swinging, but the player must shoot the web at an actual building to swing, much like in the previous game, "Spider-Man 2". Spider-Man uses acrobatic attacks. Venom travels by using his symbiote to pull himself and by performing massive jumps. Venom attacks using his claws and tendrils. Venom can also throw cars at targets and perform much more brutal attacks, including eating people in order to gain health. After completion of the main storyline, Venom becomes a playable character in the open-world as well, allowing the player to go on destructive rampages. However, the more chaos they cause, the more police attention they will recieve, who will not stop until Venom is dead (similarly to the well-known "Grand Theft Auto" series).

As the game progresses, Spider-Man and Venom will have certain "City Goals" to accomplish in order to continue the storyline. There are additional activities throughout the game such as finding secret tokens, landmark tokens, comic book covers, and competing in races.

Spider-Man plays similarly to his "Spider-Man 2" incarnation, using his trademark web shooters as his main method of transportation and combat, while Venom has to resort to jumping for long distances. Spider-Man's attacks are also generally weaker than Venom's. Venom can also leech life from enemies and civilians. The player has to do this constantly, as Venom's health is continuously depleting, even when he is not being attacked (the suit is feeding on Eddie, so he uses other people to feed it instead). Also, if Venom tries to eat a boss, then the boss would damage him from the inside.

The Game Boy Advance version of "Ultimate Spider-Man" is a side-scroller, divided into seven "issues," each containing three chapters. The game allows players to control Spider-Man and Venom. This version features only three boss characters aside from the two leads: Shocker, Silver Sable, and Carnage.

Unlike the console, PC, or Nintendo DS games, this version features a limited supply of Spider-Man's web fluid, it can be refilled only by picking up special markers scattered throughout levels or dropped by enemies. Additionally, players may choose to collect hidden power-ups to gain more web fluid capacity or gain new moves and abilities for both Spider-Man and Venom.

The Nintendo DS version of "Ultimate Spider-Man" is a side-scroller with a 3D environment. The game allows players to control Spider-Man and Venom. The gameplay differs greatly between both characters:


The game features a slightly modified storyline. For example, players will face Shocker in a battle that is much more difficult than its console incarnation. The game also features a multi-player mode, where players can unlock different characters and arenas for a head-to-head fight.

There is a limited edition exclusive to the PlayStation 2, which contains four character biographies (Ultimate Spider-Man, Ultimate Venom, Ultimate Carnage, and Ultimate Beetle), an interview with Stan Lee, a "G4" special entitled "Making of "Ultimate Spider-Man"", developer tips and tricks, and a special edition (also called "Activision Edition") "Ultimate Spider-Man" comic book containing scenes from issues #33-39. One of the concept arts in the special edition shows what happened when Beetle ducked into the Latverian Embassy as it shows him presenting the Sandman vial to Doctor Doom in some plot to develop Latverian super-soldiers.

The limited edition version comes in a different case sporting plain purple and red holographic sides (with a Venom symbol and Spider-Man symbol on each, respectively). The case also comes with a cardboard sleeve with a picture of Venom on it. The DVD surface itself has a new picture on it: purple instead of red, once again with Venom. The instruction manual matches this trend with the cover being a fight scene between the two. The limited edition features are accessed from a new menu titled "Limited Edition" via the unlockables screen.

"Ultimate Spider-Man" received "generally positive" and "mixed or average" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic.

"CiN Weekly" gave it a score of 88 out of 100 and stated that "The true letdown... is that the master villains can still be supremely frustrating to defeat, requiring several replays and exhaustive bouts of highly patterned attacks." "The New York Times" gave it a positive-to-average review and said that the game was "very entertaining, and the addition of Nemesis creates some interesting new situations, but over all there isn't a lot of variety; you fight, you race, you ramble around the city, and then you do it all again." "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five and stated that "Combat against dim-witted goons can become repetitive but missions offer diversity."


</doc>
<doc id="2187806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2187806" title="SiN: Wages of Sin">
SiN: Wages of Sin

Wages of Sin is an expansion pack (a mission pack) for the computer game "SiN" from late 1998. "Wages of Sin" was released in late February 1999 by a then relatively unknown game production studio known as 2015 Games, who later became famous for their critically acclaimed game "". The add-on begins its story after the events pictured in "Sin", replacing the villain Elexis Sinclaire (who went missing due to mysterious circumstances) with Mafia boss Gianni Manero, and once again letting players enter Freeport City in John R. Blade's shoes.

While keeping the interactivity level and the real-world level design of the original game, "Wages of Sin" adds a few extra elements beyond the standard weapons and enemies upgrade. "Wages of Sin" features new enemies, locations and weapons, as well as items like the flashlight, nightvision goggles and ropes. A multiplayer game type called Hoverbike deathmatch is also included in the game.

After Elexis Sinclaire disappeared at the end of "Sin", "Wages of Sin" continues the storyline by introducing the new villain Gianni Manero, a mob boss who seeks to gain power from the leftovers of Elexis' former company SinTEK. Manero produces new genetically engineered creatures (mutants) under secret supervision, but when some of these mutants break out and run into the city, the elite security force group HARDCORPS becomes aware of them and it's up to HARDCORPS leader John Blade, who starred as the hero and the player's character in "Sin", to set things right. Blade's hunt for Manero leads him to new locations of Freeport City that were not included in the original game, features new enemies and weapons, and has such interesting story/gameplay elements as the kidnapping of a scientist's daughter and day/night scenarios of the same levels, depending on the player's choice.

Although Elexis Sinclaire never appears in "Wages of Sin", there are lots of references to her (in serious and humorous ways) throughout the game and the ending leaves a big hint towards her return (which happens in "Sin's" official sequel, "SiN Episodes").

"Wages of Sin" is an add-on utilizing the same technology the original game is based on. However, great attention to detail and interactivity was kept when 2015 designed "Wages of Sin", resulting in even more options and visual treats than "Sin" could offer. Also, the locations the player character visits greatly expand the Freeport City experience started in "Sin", and because "Sin" moves out of Freeport at about halfway through the story, the add-on bases the whole adventure in the city and lets the player visit such locales as a cargo ship, a vacant building, a nightclub and Manero's casino and penthouse complex.

Many special effects are impressive even today, such as a spider emerging from the body of a shot mutant or the earthshaking fireball explosion of the IP36 nuclear rocket launcher.

On the audio side there is some new music, new sound effects and brand-new voice acting from the same actors who voiced "Sin", plus some new voices (like Manero's) specifically for this add-on.

Game Revolution gave it a B rating, writing "As an add-on, "Wages of Sin" is great. Unfortunately, was "Sin" ever that good to begin with? I found it to get stale quickly and almost tediously repetitive as time went on, lacking both the sharpness and polish of games like "Half-Life", which took the Quake 2 engine to new untold highs. Wages of Sin is still good, but it expands on that flawed base, like a rose growing from soil that was not blessed with Miracle Grow". GameSpot was also mostly positive in their review, which stated "Despite the sound problem and the other minor issues, however, "Wages of Sin" is a very impressive first-person shooter. If you held onto your copy of "Sin" and resisted the urge to return it before the patch came out, you should definitely give this mission pack a try. It's not a groundbreaking game experience, but it is a fast-paced, action-packed first-person romp that hearkens back to the classics of the genre."



</doc>
<doc id="2193872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2193872" title="Formula 1 97">
Formula 1 97

Formula 1 97 (known as Formula 1 Championship Edition in the United States) is a racing video game and the sequel to the 1996 video game "Formula 1". It is the second game in the "Formula One" series, released in 1997 on the PlayStation and 1998 on the PC. Developed by Bizarre Creations and published through Psygnosis, the game depicts the 1997 Formula One season. It was the first in the series to have a specific driver on the front cover: Michael Schumacher in his Ferrari appears on most editions, whilst Olivier Panis in his Prost appears on the French edition and Jean Alesi in his Benetton appears on the Japan edition.

The game includes a Grand Prix mode, which was designed to be technical and realistic, and an arcade mode, which was aimed towards a broader audience.

"Formula 1 97" supports two-player racing through a split screen.

"Formula 1 97" was developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Psygnosis. It uses the same game engine as the original "Formula 1". Psygnosis contacted ITV Commentator Murray Walker and arranged a meeting with Bizarre Creations employees. Walker became impressed with development and signed an exclusive agreement with Psygnosis to record English-language commentary for a further two years.

"Formula 1 97" was a best-seller in the UK. In August 1998, the game's PlayStation version received a "Platinum" sales award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), indicating sales of at least 200,000 units across Germany, Austria and Switzerland.

IGN gave a rating of 9.0 out of 10 stating the game is a "significant jump" from "Formula 1". It also received a rating of 7.9 from GameSpot, saying the game had "sent PlayStation racing into a new era." However, this was the last Formula One game to be made by the Bizarre Creations team, who moved on to create the successful "Metropolis Street Racer" for the Dreamcast and "Project Gotham Racing" for the Xbox. "Official UK PlayStation Magazine" said it was a big improvement in every regard over the previous game, and that the "graphics engine is faster, running at 25 fps, even with a dozen cars on the screen. The increased detail is most apparent in Grand Prix mode. All the cars are now fully deformable, and stray bits of debris stay on the track. Prepare to be stunned."

The game was hit by legal wranglings with the FIA (Formula One's governing body) objecting to the use of the FIA logo on the game's packaging. The game was withdrawn from shops six weeks after its release. It was re-released without the offending logo, but the FIA were still unhappy. However, the FIA lost the court case, and the game continued to be sold without the logo. Another problem faced was the use of the name and image of then-Williams-F1-driver Jacques Villeneuve, after he had copyrighted both. The game shows a silhouette for the driver's image. Murray Walker refers to him as "Williams Numberone" or "The Canadian", however on the game menu, they list him as Driverone Williams; this problem is easily sidestepped by the addition of a driver name edit function. The game also has unused voice clips for Jacques Villeneuve, that can be found via hacking methods. This idea proved popular and re-appeared in "Formula 1 98", but was not used for any of the following games. The driver name edit function is also used to enter codes to unlock the Aida, Adelaide, Silverstone (1960s look), a mirrored version of the original game's bonus track, and others, such as raining frogs and the cars having the ability to hover.

All alcohol and tobacco sponsors are censored, for example trackside adverts saying Faster instead of Fosters, since such advertisements were illegal in some parts of the U.S.


</doc>
<doc id="2193947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2193947" title="Formula One 99">
Formula One 99

Formula One 99 is a racing video game developed by Studio 33 and published by Psygnosis. The game was released in 1999 for Microsoft Windows & PlayStation. It is a sequel to the 1998 video game "Formula 1 98", and was based on the 1999 Formula One season.

The PlayStation version received "favorable" reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings. "Official UK PlayStation Magazine" said that the game "put the series back on track after last year's debacle", with top gameplay and a true sense of speed. GameSpot said, "Formula One 99 has great control and enough settings to keep any longtime fan of the Formula One series glued to the TV for quite some time." IGN said, "Welcome to the best F1 game on the PlayStation." In Japan, where the PlayStation version was ported and published by Sony Computer Entertainment on October 21, 1999, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 28 out of 40.


</doc>
<doc id="2198175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2198175" title="The House of the Dead 2">
The House of the Dead 2

The House of the Dead 2 is a first-person light gun shooter arcade game with a horror theme and the second game in "The House of the Dead" series of video games. The direct sequel to "The House of the Dead", it was developed by Sega for arcades on the Sega NAOMI board in November 1998 then later ported to the Dreamcast in 1999 and Microsoft Windows in 2001, and is also found on the Xbox as an unlockable bonus in "The House of the Dead III". The game appears in the compilation "The House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return" for Wii. The Dreamcast version became a "Sega All Stars" title.

"The House of the Dead 2" is a rail shooter light gun game. It includes an auto-reload feature that allows players to point their guns off-screen to reload their weapons without pulling the trigger. It also incorporates a branching path system that allows players to take a variety of different routes leading to the same point in the game's story.

The game served as the springboard for the arcade, Sega Dreamcast, and PC release "The Typing of the Dead", the Nintendo DS release "English of the Dead", as well as the inspiration for the Game Boy Advance game, "The Pinball of the Dead".

The flashbacks to the first "The House of the Dead" in the game's introductory sequence were recorded using the game's engine.

The game follows the fictional events of February 26, 2000, fourteen months after the 1998 Curien Mansion incident in "The House of the Dead". 

AMS agent G has gone missing and his last known location is Venice, Italy. The city of Venice becomes chaotic when a strange zombie breakout takes place. American AMS agents James Taylor and Gary Stewart are dispatched, along with Amy Crystal and Harry Harris, to investigate and evacuate the populace. They suddenly encounter the impish Zeal, who had recently dealt with G. Upon finding G alive but wounded, James and Gary converse with him and G gives them a field journal showing the bosses and weak points. The pair are then met with a massive undead horde, similar to the kind from the Curien Mansion incident. They continue on, trying to save the town's civilians from the zombies.

During the chaos, James and Gary face Judgment consisting of Zeal and his giant, headless, axe-wielding armored puppet Kuarl. After killing it, they meet up with Amy and Harry, who split up and try to meet at Sunset Bridge (or the wharf, depending on the player's actions). Upon getting there the group faces off with The Hierophant, an aquatic fishlike humanoid which heads an assault on Venice's waterways and Central Plaza. Upon defeating it, James, Gary, Amy and Harry get on a boat and continue through the rivers.

It is revealed that the zombies were created by Caleb Goldman, the man who funded Doctor Curien in making his creations during the Curien Mansion incident. It is also revealed that Goldman created the new zombies and released them into the city. Goldman leaves a message on Amy's phone, inviting them to meet him at the Colosseum. Although fearing it's a trap, the group continues on. James and Gary split up again, and face off with a group of serpents known as The Tower. After killing the mother serpent, they receive a phone call for help from Amy, before getting cut off. The two quickly race to the Colosseum only to discover Amy and a wounded Harry, injured by Strength, a giant, chainsaw-wielding zombie which wounds Harry and chases James and Gary throughout the Roman Colosseum. After they kill it, James and Gary push on, while Amy tends to Harry's wounds. They drive over to Goldman's tower, fighting Judgment, the Hierophant, and the Tower (who were revived by Goldman). They are confronted by Curien's masterpiece, The Magician, who was resurrected by Goldman to oversee the birth of The Emperor, a shapeshifting being designed to rule over nature and "destroy and hate mankind". After they defeat the Magician, they head to the top of the tower to confront the Emperor. In its prototype stage, the Emperor is not as strong as Goldman had hoped, and falls to the AMS agents. In order to evade being arrested, Goldman commits suicide by throwing himself off the roof of his building.

Players are given different endings based on the following conditions:

In the good ending, James and Gary run into Thomas Rogan, the main character from the first game, who tells them that G and Harry are all right, and that they should head off to their next battle "as long as they have the will to live" (in the case of James) or "as long as there is an answer" (in the case of Gary). In the normal ending, as James and Gary leave the building, they are greeted by G, Amy and Harry, as well as a large group of civilians, who thank them for their help. In the bad ending, James and Gary run into a zombified Goldman outside the building. As the screen goes white, a gunshot is heard.

"The House of the Dead 2" was later ported to the Dreamcast, as a launch title for the system, Xbox, as an unlockable on the Xbox port of "The House of the Dead 3", PC, and Wii, in a double release with "The House of the Dead 3". It was also the second, and final game in "The House of the Dead" series to appear on a Sega console, with the original "The House of the Dead" for the Sega Saturn being the first.

The Dreamcast version received "favorable" reviews, while the PC version received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website GameRankings.

AllGame gave the arcade version a score of four-and-a-half stars out of five. In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the Dreamcast version 33 out of 40. IGN praised the same console version's detailed level design and varied enemy designs but criticized poor voice acting. GameSpot said of the same console version, "Just a gun that lines up with the sights doesn't seem too much to ask for." "Game Informer" ranked it at number 99 in its best games of all-time list in 2001. The staff praised it for its expansion of its predecessor's gore and intensity, but noted that the lack of a light gun accessory for the Dreamcast version was disappointing.

Blake Fischer reviewed the Dreamcast version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "Without the light gun, this game is a complete loss. With a gun, it's better, but not for very long."

A consensus among reviewers was that the quality of the English voice acting was very poor, with one calling it "easily some of the worst in the genre". Others found it to be so bad that it became amusing.



</doc>
<doc id="2199644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2199644" title="Zombies (video game)">
Zombies (video game)

Zombies is a video game adaptation of the popular tile-based board game by Twilight Creations Inc, publisher of the original game. The game was initially to be developed by Big Rooster for PlayStation Network, Xbox Live Arcade and Windows PCs through Steam, with possible versions for the Wii and the Nintendo DS. However, only Xbox Live Arcade and Windows Phone 7 versions have been confirmed after development of the game was resumed by Babaroga. The Xbox Live Arcade version has never been released.

The game play of "Zombies" is closely modeled on the original board game. Players move their "shotgun guy" (player piece) around the board trying to reach the helipad tile to escape the ever-growing zombie horde. Alternately, players can win the game by killing 25 zombies.

The Windows Phone 7 version of "Zombies" uses the touchscreen of the device for all control input. For example, players tap a die graphic to roll for character movement, zombie movement, and combat. Players can use touchscreen gestures to zoom in and out of the board as well as scroll to view different areas of the board.

The initial Windows Phone 7 release of "Zombies" supports single-player as well as multiplayer game play on one device. Human players can play against up to four CPU or human opponents in a "pass and play" game. In this style of play, Player 1 takes their turn, then passes the device to Player 2, who takes their turn and passes to Player 3, etc. According to developer Babaroga, on-line multiplayer for "Zombies" is in development for a future update to the game which may also include play "across multiple hardware setups."

Single-player game play in "Zombies" is a "Survival Mode" in which the "shotgun guy" is placed in a randomly generated town full of zombies. The player must move their "shotgun guy" to the helipad tile (as in a standard multi-player game) or kill all the zombies in the town in order to win the game.

Development of "Zombies" by Big Rooster was originally announced in October 2008.

In October 2009, videogame news site Joystiq reported that Twilight Creations was looking for another company to develop the game, but could not "disclose the status of [former developer] Big Rooster."

No further word on the game appeared until Microsoft announced a list of Xbox Live-compatible titles for their Windows Phone 7 platform at Gamescom 2010. Developed by Babaroga, the Windows Phone 7 version of "Zombies" was released on 12 January 2011. A version of the game for Xbox Live Arcade has been confirmed and is in active development.



</doc>
<doc id="2201101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2201101" title="Heroes of Might and Magic: A Strategic Quest">
Heroes of Might and Magic: A Strategic Quest

Heroes of Might and Magic: A Strategic Quest is a turn-based strategy game developed and published by New World Computing in 1995 for DOS. A spin-off of New World Computing's "Might and Magic" series of role-playing video games, the success of "Heroes of Might and Magic" led to a number of sequels.

In 1996, NWC released an updated version of the game, ported to Windows 95. This new version included a map editor, random map generator, CD audio, and new scenarios. As a bonus, "King's Bounty" was also included on the CD.

Heroes of Might and Magic tells the story of Lord Morglin Ironfist, who is forced to flee his homeland through a magical portal, because his cousin, Ragnar, had usurped the throne after his uncle, Ragnar's father, killed Ironfist's father, the legitimate owner of the throne.

He finds himself along with his few followers in a strange and uncharted land, called Enroth. The land is unruled but contested by Ironfist and three other warlords: the barbarian Lord Slayer, the sorceress Queen Lamanda, and the warlock Lord Alamar.

In the canonical storyline, Lord Ironfist defeats his three opponents and founds a new kingdom in Enroth. It is possible for the player to lead the other factions to victory, however this is not reflected in the following games of the Heroes of Might and Magic series.

"Heroes of Might and Magic" takes place in a medieval fantasy world filled with creatures frequently associated with myth and legend. These creatures compose the military forces (troops) with which the player attempts to conquer opponents. The player leads generals through the game world at the head of armies of troops. These generals, called "heroes," provide a means to explore, attack, defeat, and acquire, the four basic principles in the game. The ultimate goal of the game is usually to capture all enemy castles and defeat all enemy heroes. However, the game comes with many different play scenarios, and some of these scenarios have unique victory conditions, such as accumulating a certain amount of gold, or finding a particular artifact.

There are four different classes of heroes and castles, each with their own units and strengths/weaknesses. The two "might" classes, Knight and Barbarian, earn skill points in attack or defense more often than in spell power or knowledge. The two "magic" classes, Sorceress and Warlock, earn skill points in spell power or knowledge more often than in attack or defense. There is also a neutral, "wandering" class of troops, including Rogues, Nomads, Ghosts (the only one that cannot be hired) and Genies.

"Heroes of Might and Magic" was first released near the end of September 1995.

In mid-November 1995, New World Computing reported that "Heroes of Might and Magic" had shipped 100,000 copies to retailers and that sell-through was strong. The company announced that the game was "set to top the 100,000 mark in unit sales". By October 1997, the combined sales of "Heroes of Might and Magic", "Heroes II" and the "Price of Loyalty" expansion had surpassed 500,000 copies. The series as a whole sold 1.5 million copies by December 1999.

Andy Butcher reviewed "Heroes of Might and Magic" for "Arcane" magazine, rating it a 7 out of 10 overall. Butcher comments that "Its very simplicity, although ultimately limiting, is appealing, and the computer opponents are far from easy to beat. In terms of depth and long-term interest it's not a real challenger to MicroProse's "Master of Magic", which it resembles, but it is a whole lot simpler to get into."

A reviewer for "Next Generation" assessed that ""Heroes of Might and Magic" is part wargame, part adventure, and part sim. It seamlessly captures the best of all three genres, and presents the whole package with bright, colorful visuals." He further applauded the game for being "easy to learn, but difficult to master" and having great longevity. He scored it four out of five stars. "GameSpot" rated the game's production values as somewhat below par, and regarded the story as being thin. Nonetheless, the game was complimented for its gameplay, and received a 7.5 out of 10 overall. It received a Golden Triad Award from "Computer Game Review".

"Heroes of Might and Magic" was named 1995's best turn-based strategy game by "Computer Games Strategy Plus"—tied with "Jagged Alliance"—and best overall strategy title by "Computer Game Review" and "Computer Gaming World", tied variously with "Command & Conquer", "Gazillionaire" and "Blood Bowl". Similarly, "PC Gamer US" nominated "Heroes" for its 1995 "Best Strategy Game" award, although this prize went instead to "Command & Conquer". The editors of "Computer Gaming World" wrote, ""Heroes" will challenge you to think and plan, and it will reward you with hours of sheer pleasure. It is one of the most addictive games to come along in years."

In 1996, "Computer Gaming World" declared "Heroes of Might and Magic" the 133th-best computer game ever released. The editors called it "a brilliantly balanced game of fantasy combat".


</doc>
<doc id="2204792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2204792" title="Thief II">
Thief II

Thief II: The Metal Age is a 2000 stealth video game developed by Looking Glass Studios and published by Eidos Interactive. Like its predecessor "", the game follows Garrett, a master thief who works in and around a steampunk metropolis called the City. The player assumes the role of Garrett as he unravels a conspiracy related to a new religious sect. Garrett takes on missions such as burglaries and frameups, while trying to avoid detection by guards and automated security.

"Thief II" was designed to build on the foundation of its predecessor. In response to feedback from players of "Thief", the team placed a heavy focus on urban stealth in the sequel, and they minimized the use of monsters and maze-like levels. The game was made with the third iteration of the Dark Engine, which had been used previously to develop "Thief" and "System Shock 2". "Thief II" was announced at the 1999 Electronic Entertainment Expo, as part of an extended contract between Looking Glass and Eidos to release games in the "Thief" series. Looking Glass neared bankruptcy as the game was developed, and the company was kept running by advances from Eidos.

"Thief II" received positive reviews from critics, and its initial sales were stronger than those of its predecessor. However, the game's royalties were processed slowly, which compounded Looking Glass's financial troubles. As a result, the company closed in May 2000, with plans for "Thief III" cancelled. The third game in the series, entitled "", was developed by Ion Storm and published by Eidos in 2004. "Thief 2X: Shadows of the Metal Age", a widely praised expansion mod for "Thief II", was released in 2005. In 2014, Square Enix published a reboot of the series, developed by Eidos Montréal.

"Thief II" is a stealth game that takes place from a first-person perspective in a three-dimensional (3D) graphical environment. The player seeks to complete mission objectives and to evade the notice of opponents such as guards. The player must minimize the visibility and audibility of the player character, Garrett, to escape detection. Players try to avoid lit areas and loud flooring in favor of shadows and quiet flooring. A light monitor on the heads-up display (HUD) indicates the player character's visibility. While it is possible for the player character to engage in direct combat, he is easily defeated.

The game's 15 missions take place in large levels that can be confronted in multiple ways. Guards may be knocked out with a blackjack or killed with a bow or sword, and their fallen bodies may be picked up and hidden. In addition to human enemies, the game features security automatons and surveillance cameras. While completing objectives such as frameups and blackmail, the player steals valuables that may be used to purchase thieving gear between missions. The player's main tools are specialized arrows, including water arrows to douse lights, moss arrows to dampen the player character's footsteps and rope arrows to reach higher ground.

"Thief II" is designed to be played methodically, and the player plans ahead by scouting, reading the game's map and observing patrol patterns. The player character has a zooming mechanical eye, which connects to throwable "Scouting Orb" cameras. One Scouting Orb may be deployed at a time; when it lands, the player views the game world from its perspective until normal play is resumed. The player listens for noises, such as footsteps and humming, to determine the locations of enemies. On the highest of the game's three difficulty levels, killing humans results in a game over, and in certain missions the player must not knock out any guards.
Like its predecessor "", "Thief II" is set in a steampunk metropolis called the City, whose appearance resembles that of both medieval and Victorian era cities. Magic and steam technology exist side by side, and three factions—the manipulative and enigmatic Keepers, the technology-focused Hammerites and the "pagan" worshippers of the Pan-like Trickster god—are in operation. "Thief II" takes place one year after the first game. In the aftermath of the Trickster's defeat and the failure of his plan to revert the world to a wild, primitive state, a schism in the Hammerite religion spawns the "Mechanist" sect, which fanatically values technological progress. The new inventions of the Mechanists are used by a resurgent police force to crack down on crime. The pagans are in disarray, and have been driven into the wilderness beyond the City. From there, they engage in guerrilla warfare against the Mechanists. The Keeper faction is dormant as the game begins.

The game continues the story of Garrett (voiced by Stephen Russell), the cynical master thief who defeated the Trickster. Pursuing Garrett is the new sheriff, Gorman Truart (voiced by Sam Babbitt), who has imposed a zero tolerance policy on crime. Viktoria (voiced by Terri Brosius), the former ally of the Trickster, eventually joins with Garrett to combat the Mechanists. The game's primary antagonist is the founder of the Mechanists, Father Karras (also voiced by Russell), a mentally unstable inventor who despises the natural world.

The game begins as Garrett continues his life as a thief. However, he is betrayed by his fence and ambushed after an early mission, and he determines that Truart, the local sheriff, is hunting him. Keepers take Garrett to hear a prophecy about the "Metal Age", which he ignores. As Garrett leaves, one of the Keepers informs him that Truart had been hired to kill him, and he gives Garrett a letter that directs him to eavesdrop on a Mechanist meeting. There, Garrett overhears Truart and Father Karras discussing the conversion of street people into mindless "Servants", who wear masks that emit a red vapor capable of reducing themselves and nearby humans to rust. Truart promises to provide Karras with twenty victims for the Servant project, not realizing that Karras is recording his words for use in blackmail. Garrett steals the recording from a safe deposit box, in order to coerce Truart into revealing his employer.

However, Garrett finds Truart murdered at his estate. Evidence at the crime scene leads him to spy on the police officer Lt. Mosley. Garrett sees Mosley deliver a suspicious letter, which is carried through a portal by a wounded pagan. Garrett enters the portal and finds himself outside the City, and he follows the pagan's trail of blood to Viktoria, who persuades Garrett to join her against the Mechanists. On a lead from Viktoria, he infiltrates Karras' office to learn about the "Cetus Project", and inadvertently discovers that Karras is giving Servants to the City's nobles. Garrett travels to a Mechanist base to find out more about the Cetus Project, which is revealed to be a submarine. In order to locate and kidnap a high-ranking Mechanist named Brother Cavador, Garrett stows away in the vehicle.

After delivering Cavador to Viktoria, Garrett steals a Servant mask to learn about a Mechanist technology called a "Cultivator". Meanwhile, Karras hides inside the Mechanist cathedral in preparation for his plan. Garrett and Viktoria learn that it is the Cultivators inside Servant masks which emit red vapor, or "rust gas". Karras had provided Servants to nobles with gardens in order to set off an apocalyptic chain reaction. Viktoria plans to lure the Servants into the hermetically sealed Mechanist cathedral before Karras activates their masks, but Garrett believes this to be too dangerous and leaves. Viktoria goes to the cathedral alone and dies while filling it with plants, and Garrett completes her plan, killing Karras in the rust gas. Afterward, Garrett is approached by a Keeper who explains that Karras' scheme and Viktoria's death had been prophesied. Garrett demands to know the rest of the Keepers' prophecies as the game ends.

Looking Glass Studios began designing "Thief II" in January 1999. The team's goal was to build on the foundation of "Thief: The Dark Project", a game that "Thief II" project director Steve Pearsall later said was an experiment. He explained that the team had played it safe by including certain "exploration ... or adventure oriented" missions with "jumping and climbing puzzles" in "Thief", and that the new game was significantly more focused on stealth. Combat was given less prominence than in the original. Based on feedback from players and reviewers of "Thief", the team decided to scale back the use of maze-like levels and monsters such as zombies in favor of urban environments and human enemies. Pearsall stated that "Thief"s monsters were negatively received because, unlike the game's human enemies, they did not clearly indicate when they noticed the player. The team sought to remedy this problem by improving the audio cues given by non-human enemies in the sequel.

Production of "Thief II" commenced in February. Looking Glass chose to compose the game's team of "half the original designers and half new blood", according to executive producer James Poole. The company tried to select people who meshed well both personally and creatively, in an attempt to guarantee a smooth development cycle. Adrenaline Vault editor-in-chief Emil Pagliarulo was hired as a junior designer, in part because of his positive review of "Thief". Rich "zdim" Carlson and Iikka Keränen joined from Ion Storm's "Daikatana" team, and Looking Glass contractor Terri Brosius was hired as a full-time designer. One-third of the team was female, which Pearsall believed contributed to a strong group dynamic. As was typical at Looking Glass, the "Thief II" team worked in a wall-less space called a "pit", which allowed them to converse easily. Describing the work environment at the time, writer Laura Baldwin noted that "conversations dash madly about the room, [and] when someone is demonstrating something interesting everyone gravitates over to look."

During the first months of development, the team regularly gathered to watch films pertinent to Garrett's character and to the game's visual design, such as "The Third Man", "The Castle of Cagliostro", "M" and "Metropolis". Pearsall said that the latter two films were "Thief II"s "biggest aesthetic influences", while the main inspiration for its plot was Umberto Eco's novel "The Name of the Rose". The team also drew influence from Fritz Leiber's "Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser". The game's story was written in the three-act structure: Garrett was intended to transition from his "cynical self" in the first act to a private investigator in the second, and to a character similar to James Bond in the third. The City's technology and architecture were influenced by the appearance of Victorian London, and certain areas were given an Art Deco theme to provide "sort of a "Batman" feel", in reference to the 1989 film. Lead artist Mark Lizotte captured over two-thousand photographs during his vacation in Europe, and these were the basis for many of the game's textures.

"Thief II" was built with the third iteration of the Dark Engine, which had been used previously for "Thief" and "System Shock 2". According to Pearsall, the Dark Engine had become "a very well understood development environment", which made for an easier production process. Engine updates created for "System Shock 2", such as support for 16-bit color, were carried over to "Thief II". The average character model in "Thief II" was given close to double the polygons of the average model in "Thief", with much of the added detail focused on characters' heads. This was an attempt to give the characters a "more organic" look. Certain artificial intelligence (AI) routines written into the Dark Engine, which allowed enemies to notice changes in the environment such as open doors, had not been used in "Thief" or in "System Shock 2 "but were implemented in "Thief II". Weather effects such as fog and rain were added, and technology from "Flight Unlimited III" was used to generate the sky and clouds.

"Thief II" was announced during the Electronic Entertainment Expo on May 13, 1999, as part of a contract between Looking Glass and Eidos Interactive to release four new games in the "Thief" series, beginning with "Thief Gold". The deal had been signed on May 7, roughly three months after "Thief II" entered production. A tech demo of the game, which Bruce Geryk of Games Domain described as "about three rooms with some Mages", was displayed on the show floor. The demo was used to showcase the updated Dark Engine, which featured support for colored lighting, higher polygon models and larger environments. The team revealed their intention to include more levels with human enemies, and announced a projected release date of spring 2000. Plans to include a cooperative multiplayer mode were also detailed at the show. IGN's Jason Bates noted that the "Thief II" display attracted "a bit of a buzz and a small crowd of dedicated onlookers".

By July, the team had begun initial construction of the game's levels. "Thief II"s increased focus on stealth necessitated new level design concepts: the most stealth-based missions in "Thief" had centered on urban burglary, but Pearsall explained that this "would get tired pretty fast" if repeated in every level. The team diversified "Thief II" by designing missions with such objectives as kidnapping, blackmail and eavesdropping. The first two levels were designed to seamlessly introduce new players to the core game mechanics, without a tutorial mission that might lose the interest of experienced players. When creating a mission, the team would often begin by deciding on the player's objective, after which they would produce a rough level design. The mission would then undergo a peer review to determine if it should be added to the game. Each of the game's levels was a team effort rather than the work of a single designer. Designer Randy Smith explained that, while "Thief"s levels had been designed to fit a pre-existing story, the "Thief II" team "tried to think of really good missions first" and then adjusted the plot to suit them. He noted that it was highly difficult to harmonize the two.

The game's sound team was composed of Kemal Amarasingham, Damin Djawadi and audio director Eric Brosius. According to Brosius, each member of the audio department did "everything", without clear demarcations between roles. Like "Thief", "Thief II" features a sound engine that simulates propagation in real-time. To achieve this effect, each level's geometry was input both to the level editor and to a "separate [sound] database", which mapped how sound would realistically propagate based on "the physical room characteristics [... and] how all the different rooms and areas are connected together". For example, noise travels freely through an open door but is blocked when the door is closed. The team used the new "occlusion" feature in EAX 2.0 to make "Thief II"s sound environment more realistic and to allow the player to listen through doors. The game features more sound effects, music and speech than the original "Thief". "Thief II"s score, as with that of its predecessor, was designed to "blur ambient [sound] and music" together. However, Brosius later stated that, while "Thief"s soundtrack is composed of "simple and hypnotic" loops only a few seconds in length, "Thief II" features longer and "more thoughtfully" constructed pieces. He believed that this method had positive aspects, but that it resulted in a less immersive audio environment.

Artist Dan Thron returned to create the game's cutscenes, with assistance from Jennifer Hrabota-Lesser. Thron later called Hrabota-Lesser "one of the greatest artists I've ever seen". The cutscenes, which "Computer Games Magazine" called "unique", feature multiple layers of artwork and footage of live actors filmed against a green screen. These components were combined and animated in Adobe After Effects. The technique had been developed for the original "Thief", as an evolution of designer Ken Levine's suggestion to use motion comic cutscenes. David Lynch's films "Eraserhead" and "The Elephant Man" were important influences on their style.

By October 1999, the team had cut the game's multiplayer feature. Pearsall explained that Looking Glass did not "have the resources to do a new kind of multiplayer and ship a finely tuned single-player game". Plans were announced in January 2000 to release a multiplayer-only "Thief" game shortly after the completion of "Thief II". As "Thief II"s development continued, Looking Glass experienced extreme financial troubles. The company's Marc LeBlanc later said that "Eidos was writing a check every week to cover our burn rate" during the last months of the project. The game's final cost was roughly $2.5 million. According to company head Paul Neurath, Eidos informed Looking Glass that "it was not an option" for "Thief II" to miss its release date, and that there would be "dire consequences if [we] missed by even a day". An anonymous Looking Glass staffer later told Salon.com that Eidos "told us basically to ship ["Thief II"] by their fiscal quarter or die".

By January, Pearsall confirmed that the game had reached beta, and that most of the team's energy was being spent "tuning, polishing, and fixing bugs". He noted in early February that "Thief II" had been produced almost entirely on schedule. The company slipped behind near the end of the project and entered crunch time to make up the loss. On February 24, "Thief II" producer Michael McHale announced that the game had reached "feature freeze", and that the team was in "super crunch mode". Numerous game testers from Eidos joined the project. However, McHale said that the team was energized and that "spirits [were] high". Certain employees slept in the office and avoided bathing so that the game could reach its March deadline. LeBlanc later stated his belief that the game was rushed, and that its quality suffered as a result. Nevertheless, the team met their goal, and the game was released on March 23, 2000. Eidos expedited the company's payment for completing the game.

"Thief 2" debuted high on the bestsellers list for computer games, and its initial sales were better than those of its commercially successful predecessor. By November 2000, its global sales had surpassed 220,000 copies; "PC Zone" described these figures as "commercial acclaim." The United States alone accounted for 67,084 sales by the end of 2000, which drew in revenues of $2.37 million. The game later received a "Silver" sales award by the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom. "Thief II" also received positive reviews from critics, with an aggregate score of 87/100 on Metacritic and 89% on GameRankings.

"Computer Gaming World"s Thomas L. McDonald wrote that "everything in "Thief II" is bigger, sharper, better, and more effective" than in its predecessor. He enjoyed its story and called its levels "vast and intricate", with "astonishingly complex and often beautiful" architecture; but he found the game's graphics to be somewhat lackluster. McDonald summarized "Thief II" as a unique "gamer's game". Jim Preston of "PC Gamer US" considered the game to be "more focused and polished than the original", and he praised the removal of "zombie battles". While he faulted its graphics, he summarized it as "one hell of a good game".

Jasen Torres of "GameFan" wrote, "If you liked "Thief", you'll love "Thief 2: The Metal Age"; it's more of the stuff that made "Thief" great, with less of the annoying stuff". He applauded the removal of "zombie killer" missions and believed the game's sound to be "superior to any other game". He considered its story to be "good" but "nothing great" and its graphics to be "decent"; but he commented that the game was "really all about the gameplay", which he praised as "quite compelling and fun". Benjamin E. Sones of "Computer Games Magazine" considered the game's story to be "quite good", but he faulted Looking Glass for failing to detail the events of the first game for new players. He wrote that "Thief II"s graphics were passable but that its sound design was "phenomenal". Sones praised its missions as "very well crafted", and noted that they gave the impression of being in "a living, breathing world." He summarized, "It may not be perfect, but "Thief 2" has got it where it counts".

Charles Harold of "The New York Times" called the game a "refreshing alternative to games that glorify violence". He found its story to be "slight", but he lauded its world as "amazingly alive" and its AI as a "remarkable impersonation of real intelligence". Writing for "GamePro", Barry Brenesal commented that "Thief II" "provides a solid gaming experience" but "doesn't startle like its predecessor". He wrote that its missions featured a "great deal of variety", and he praised their "ability to casually suggest a much larger world", but he complained that they were linear. He considered the game's writing to be "among the best in the business". While Brenesal enjoyed the game's textures and lighting, he noted the low detail of the game's human models, whose animations he found to be "arthritic". "PC Zone"s Paul Presley wrote that the game's levels were larger but easier than those of "Thief", and he considered their objectives to be somewhat linear. He found "Thief II"s graphics to be dated and wrote that its lack of real-time lighting "tends to give each environment a sort of 'false' quality". However, he believed that the game "still has enough atmosphere to immerse you", and he praised its sound design. Presley considered the game to be a straightforward rehash of its predecessor, and he finished, "A more clear-cut case of sequel-itis there has never been."

Jim Preston reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "Great, skulking gameplay, useful new tools, and clever level design make "Thief II" an excellent first-person 'sneaker.'"

While "Thief II" performed well commercially, Looking Glass was not set to receive royalties for several months. The company had struggled financially since the commercial failures of its self-published games "" and "British Open Championship Golf". Looking Glass's "Flight Unlimited III" had flopped at retail, and the development of "Jane's Attack Squadron" had gone over budget and fallen behind schedule. A deal to co-develop the stealth game "Deep Cover" with Irrational Games had recently collapsed. According to Looking Glass's Tim Stellmach, the delay in "Thief II" royalties "faced [us] with the prospect of running out of money." Looking Glass management signed a deal in which Eidos Interactive would acquire the company, but Eidos fell into a sudden financial crisis, in part because of the failure of Ion Storm's $40 million game "Daikatana". These factors led to the closure of Looking Glass on May 24, 2000, with the planned "Thief II" successors "Thief II Gold" and "Thief III" cancelled.

The "Thief" series had been planned as a trilogy, and work on "Thief III" was "in a fairly advanced stage" when Looking Glass closed, according to "PC Zone"s Keith Pullin. Randy Smith and Terri Brosius were appointed as lead designers, and they developed the game's concept over several months. In an open letter published after the company's bankruptcy, Smith wrote that the third game would have taken place in an "open-ended, self-directed city", and that its plot would have centered on the Keepers. Brosius suggested that "Thief III" would have seen Garrett "accept[ing] that there are consequences to his actions", and that he would likely have become "ready to give, rather than always take." The player would have uncovered the game's story gradually, while exploring a free-roam environment. Serious plans had been made to include co-operative multiplayer, and a new engine, Siege, had been in production. When Looking Glass closed, its assets were liquidated and the "Thief" intellectual property was sold at auction. This raised doubts that the "Thief" trilogy would be completed, a situation that Salon.com writer Wagner James Au compared to Lucasfilm closing after the release of "The Empire Strikes Back". However, following rumors, Eidos announced on August 9, 2000 that it had purchased the rights to "Thief".

Development of "Thief III" was delegated to the Warren Spector-supervised Ion Storm, which had recently completed "Deus Ex". According to Spector, "Thief III" would have been given to Core Design or Crystal Dynamics had he not accepted it. The game was announced for Windows and the PlayStation 2. On August 10, Spector commented that Ion Storm's first goal was to assemble a core team, composed in part of former Looking Glass employees, to design and plot the game. "Thief II" team members Randy Smith, Lulu Lamer, Emil Pagliarulo and Terri Brosius were hired to begin the project. On August 16, Ion Storm announced its hires, and stated that concept work on "Thief III" would begin in September. The team planned to "wrap up [the] loose ends" of the series, and they built directly upon the "Thief III" concept work done at Looking Glass. "Thief III" was eventually renamed "", and it was released for Windows and the Xbox on May 25, 2004.

In May 2009, after several months of rumors, a fourth game in the "Thief" series was announced by "" developer Eidos Montréal. It was unveiled in the April 2013 issue of "Game Informer". The game, entitled "Thief", is a reboot of the "Thief" series; and it does not feature the Hammerites, pagans or Keepers. Its plot follows Garrett (voiced by Romano Orzari in place of Stephen Russell) in the aftermath of an accident that leaves his protégé, Erin, missing. Garrett has amnesia after this incident, and the City is beset by a plague called the Gloom. The game was released for Windows and the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and PlayStation 4 in February 2014.

Soon after the bankruptcy of Looking Glass, a fan group called the Dark Engineering Guild began developing an expansion mod to "Thief II", entitled "Thief 2X: Shadows of the Metal Age". Initially, they hoped to fill the void left by the cancellation of "Thief III", but they continued to work on the mod after the announcement and release of "Thief: Deadly Shadows". Released in 2005 after five years in development, the mod follows Zaya, a young woman who is robbed while visiting the City and who then seeks revenge. She is mentored by a pagan hermit named Malak, who trains her as a thief but who has ulterior motives. The team designed Zaya to be physically capable and to have a "middle-eastern/north-african look", but made an effort to avoid similarities to Mulan. Chronologically, the story starts near the end of "Thief" and ends in the middle of "Thief II", thereby depicting the rise of Gorman Truart and the early days of the Mechanists. "Thief 2X" features 13 missions, with new animated cutscenes and roughly 3,000 new lines of recorded dialogue.

The mod was praised by critics and by the "Thief" fan community. Brett Todd of "PC Gamer US" awarded it "Mod of the Month" and wrote: "It doesn't quite have the mysterious allure of the original games, but it's awfully close". A writer for Jolt Online Gaming praised the mod's visuals and considered its missions to be "incredibly well designed". While the writer commented that "Thief 2X" did not perfectly follow the series' tone and that its voice acting was "not the best", they finished by saying that fans of the "Thief" series had "no excuse not to play "T2X"". "PC Gamer UK"s Kieron Gillen wrote that he had expected the mod to be cancelled, given that the "web is full of [...] five-percent finished masterworks from people who aimed far, far too high". After "Thief 2X"s release, he lauded it as the best "Thief" fan work and as "one of the most impressive achievements of any fan community for any game".



</doc>
<doc id="2205461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2205461" title="Laser Squad Nemesis">
Laser Squad Nemesis

Laser Squad Nemesis ("LSN") is a 2002 multiplayer turn-based tactics video game developed by Codo Technologies for the PC. Its lead designer, Julian Gollop, previously designed the "X-COM" series and the original "Laser Squad".

"Laser Squad Nemesis" is a game of turn-based isometric combat, where players issue orders to a squad of soldiers or aliens. Each turn, the player gives orders to their troops, previews probable effects of those orders, and submits them to the "LSN" server via the web interface, or through email. Orders are resolved simultaneously after both players have submitted their orders, and the consequences of the round are sent back to both players. The result of the previous turn is viewed in a real time ten-second video, with pause, slow motion and rewind (multiple turns) options.

There are four species that can be played in the game: the Marines, the Machina, the Spawn and the Greys. Marines are armoured foot soldiers that rely on their mobility and firepower to stay alive. Machina are slower, durable mechanical units with strong firepower. Spawn are an alien race that rely on numbers. They are mostly melee units and must get close to the opponent to engage them, though they do possess some ranged units. Greys are the stereotypical alien race with expensive weapons, mind-control technology and energy shields to protect their fragile bodies. Each race is distinct from the others and requires different tactics to be used efficiently.

A number of enthusiasts run their own tournaments, where participants can play as part of a team or individually. There is also an automated tournament system that enables the game server to start games between players as necessary. Some of the more enterprising players have set up their own competitions using this system, and it is also used for the official Codo tournaments.

According to the official purchasing web page, the purchaser owns the Single player campaigns outright, and can also play unlimited Hotseat games with another person, but must maintain a paid subscription in order to play online multiplayer games. The entry-level version, which costs US$17, comes with one month of free online multiplayer play. Updates and patches were free for two years from date of purchase, though there have not been any since June 2006.

A server is required to play games over the internet, and the official server run by Codo Technologies went down in August 2010. The server remains down as of August 2015. The player community has remained active on the official forums, however, and since July 2011 has provided an unofficial server on which the game continues to be played. Codo Technologies have remained silent during this time, and the future of the game is uncertain.

"Laser Squad Nemesis" garnered generally mixed reviews, and holds an average of 71% on aggregate web site GameRankings.

"Laser Squad Nemesis" won "The Electric Playground"s 2002 "Best Independent PC Game" award.



</doc>
<doc id="2206019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2206019" title="Jagged Alliance">
Jagged Alliance

Jagged Alliance is a tactical role-playing game released in 1995 for MS-DOS and in 2009 for Nintendo DS. It is the first game in the "Jagged Alliance" series. It was re-released in 2008 on Gog.com and in 2010 on GamersGate, both with Windows support.

"Jagged Alliance" takes place on the fictional South Atlantic island of Metavira, a former nuclear testing site. The nuclear tests altered some trees on the island and several years later it was discovered by a scientist, Brenda Richards, that those trees, known as Fallow trees, produce unique sap that proves to be a medical marvel. However, Brenda also discovered that the trees could not reproduce.

Her assistant, Lucas Santino, realised how profitable this sap would be. He managed to convince Jack Richards, the leader of the scientific mission, that it would be beneficial to have two independent science teams. Santino consequently established a new base on the other side of the island. He immediately began to recruit new people and gradually took over the island by force.

When the game begins, the player is contacted by Jack Richards and is invited to the island. There, Brenda and her father request that the player hires mercenaries through the Association of International Mercenaries (A.I.M.) to reclaim the island from Santino's forces sector by sector.

The player starts the game and every following day in a room. Here the player can load and save the game, change settings, hire new mercenaries or sleep until the next day.

When the player starts a new day, the game is transferred to a screen displaying Metavira on a square grid. The map includes information such as the number of Fallow trees in each sector, whether the sector is enemy or player controlled, how many guards and tappers are in a sector and the terrain information. The player can also decide what mercenaries and equipment to take and what player-owned sector to start from.

Mercenaries, guards and tappers need to be paid; if needed, the player can raise the guards' and tappers' salaries to make them happier. Mercenaries can be left at the base to either heal, train skills or repair items. Occasionally, Jack or Brenda Richards contact the player with an important objective, such as securing a clean water source. These requests can be ignored but usually cause some kind of hindrance to the player at a later date.

When the player has chosen the mercenaries and equipment to take to the mission, he is taken to the sector he chose earlier overseeing his mercenaries from a top-down viewpoint. The player can now directly command his chosen mercenaries and issue movement orders. The player may move the mercenaries to one adjacent sector. The player is limited to a single save slot during the day.

When player characters and enemies are in the same sector, the game switches to turn-based play. Both sides take turns to move and perform actions, which uses their action points. The number of action points is determined by the character's attributes. Tougher terrain surfaces on the ground use up greater numbers of action points. Interrupts are possible. Mercenaries can also crouch to make themselves a smaller target or take cover behind objects. It is possible to walk backwards and move stealthily so the mercenary can avoid being noticed by the enemy, though both of these actions uses more action points than normal moving.

When attacking, there is a certain chance that the mercenary will hit. The chance to hit is also affected by the number of action points the player uses to aim. Attacks can be done in a wide variety of ways, using firearms, close combat weapons like knives, throwing weapons such as hand grenades and explosive devices like land mines. When the day ends mercenaries return to the base for sleep. The day can also end during a battle and mercenaries might suffer additional injuries as they retreat from the enemy sector. The sector is conquered when all the enemies are killed or is lost when all the player's mercenaries, guards and tappers are killed or otherwise neglected from posting guards.

The main characters in the game are the hireable mercenaries along with other NPCs, such as the player's employers Jack and Brenda Richards, and the main antagonist, Lucas Santino. There are also four native characters that might be offered to the player as guides. The player can only control the mercenaries. Guards, tappers and enemies are controlled by the AI.

There are 60 hireable mercenaries and the player can recruit up to eight mercenaries at a time. Some mercenaries will refuse to join at start, as they want to see if the player can be trusted to lead them, either through acceptable performance or enough days on the island.

Every mercenary has four attributes - health, agility, dexterity, wisdom, and four skills - medical, explosives, mechanical and marksmanship. Health determines the amount of damage a mercenary can take, agility determines how many action points they have, dexterity helps in using weapons and other items in their various conditions, wisdom enables mercenaries to get experience quicker, medical helps to heal wounded characters, explosives helps to disarm bombs and activate the mercenary's own explosives, mechanical helps to pick locks and combine items together and marksmanship helps to get a better aim and shot on enemies. The mercenaries employed by the player gain experience from the actions they perform. For example, a mercenary that bandages a wound might improve his medical skill. Mercenaries may also permanently lose attribute points from an injury. For example, a hit in the head might reduce mercenary's wisdom or a hit in the leg might reduce his agility.

Additionally, every mercenary has an experience level that determines how much he gets paid; and when a new level is obtained they demand a raise that the player either has to agree to, or lose the mercenary.

Each character has a number of health points. When a mercenary is injured he slowly bleeds losing health points; bandaging the wound stops the bleeding. This gives the mercenary temporary 'bandage points' that change back to health points over time, but may be quickly lost if the mercenary is injured again. Of course, mercenaries who die are permanently dead and cannot be revived or replaced.

Each mercenary has a unique personality. There are several characters that are not fond of certain other mercenaries, and can decline joining the player's team for this reason. Some characters can still be hired but will later complain about the other mercenary. Either mercenary may leave the player's group during the night and is shown to be missing on the A.I.M. site. There are also stubborn characters that might refuse to move until an enemy they were targeting has been killed or the enemy moves out of the mercenary's line of sight.

There is a large variety of items in the game - some of them play a significant role in the plot while others are there for use.

When the player hires a mercenary he arrives with weapons and equipment. The player can equip the mercenary with various body armour, helmets, goggles and radios. There are standard vests that have pockets along with vests with no pockets that act as body armor. The vests with pockets may have two to five pockets and each one can hold either one particular item or a number of identical items like magazines or hand grenades. Mercenaries can also carry things in their hands.

The player can store an unlimited number of items in the base, but has to transport them with the mercenaries from the sectors to the base.

On 26 August 2008, Empire Interactive announced that a Nintendo DS version was in development by Strategy First Inc. and Cypron Studios. The game was originally announced for release on 17 February 2009, but was later pushed back to 5 May 2009 in America and 26 June 2009 in Europe.

The game differs in many ways from the DOS version. Graphics have a smaller scale and a very different texture on the sector maps. There are completely new music tracks and improved cinematic cutscenes. Features removed include item repairs, item conditions, bandage points, moving backwards, door manipulation closeups and deadly eels in the water.

"Jagged Alliance" was a commercial success. According to William R. Trotter of "PC Gamer US", ""JA" wons plaudits from the critics and became the best-selling non-"Wizardry" title in Sirtech's history." That magazine's Marc Saltzman similarly noted that "Jagged Alliance" "sold reasonably well" and received critical acclaim.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, and stated that "don't expect a deep roleplaying experience from this one – but if you're looking for an entertaining mix of RPG and strategy, grab it."

The editors of "Computer Games Strategy Plus" named "Jagged Alliance" the best turn-based strategy game of 1995, tied with "".

In 1996, "Computer Gaming World" declared "Jagged Alliance" the 114th best computer game ever released.



</doc>
<doc id="2213563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2213563" title="Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone">
Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone

Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone is a video game that was released in 2004 for PlayStation 2, Xbox and Windows PC. It is set in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting for "Dungeons & Dragons" (D&D). The story was written by R.A. Salvatore and features the voices of Patrick Stewart as Khelben "Blackstaff" Arunsun and Michael Clarke Duncan as Ygorl.

There are three playable characters in "Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone", each with his or her own unique abilities: the fighter Rannek, is a master of melee combat; the sorcerer Illius, can cast spells over long range; and a half-drow, half-wood-elf rogue named Zhai easily vanishes into the shadows before sneaking up on her enemy for the kill.

The two villains are equally enemies of the heroes and of each other. The first villain—Ygorl—is the leader of the Slaad army. Cireka, general of the Githyanki, is the second. The game's introduction explains that the only thing keeping each of them from taking over the realm is their hatred of each other. Fearing that the realm would be at the mercy of whichever villain was victorious, the great mage Khelben Blackstaff sealed them both within a Demon Stone.

The story develops as the three heroes battle two orc armies near the jewel-rich Gemspark Mines. A great red dragon, sent by Ygorl, leads the group to these mines. Once there, they unwittingly release Ygorl and Cireka from the Demon Stone and into the world. The three heroes must undo their mistake by joining forces to right the wrong they caused.

R.A. Salvatore wrote the game's script, which begins with Rannek, a human fighter, stumbling across a battle between two orc armies. As he comes to the aid of wood elves captured by the orcs, a half-drow, half-elf named Zhai and a sorcerer named Illius join the battle. Ultimately, Rannek, Zhai, and Illius are driven into the nearby Gemspark Mines by a dragon, Caminus. Inside the mines, they accidentally release the warlords Ygorl and Cireka from their imprisonment in a Demon Stone. The three escape from the warlords and decide to join forces to imprison them again.

After evacuating the nearby wood-elf village of Cedarleaf, attacked by Cireka and her Githyanki soldiers, they visit Illius' mentor, Khelben Blackstaff, for advice. He says that they will need a new Demon Stone; one could be found in the possession of the Yuan-ti people. As the three leave, Ygorl arrives riding Caminus and attacks Khelben's tower. The tower is destroyed as the three escape.

After they defeat the Yuan-ti and claim the Demon Stone, they go to see Drizzt Do'Urden, a drow that does not follow the normally cruel ways of his people, hoping he can help them find Cireka. He directs them to an abandoned portal in the Underdark, as that would be where she would feel most comfortable. When they find the portal, they also find Cireka and her Githyanki horde ready to make use of it. As the three battle the Githyanki, Ygorl arrives with his Slaad horde. Illius tries to imprison the two warlords in the Demon Stone, but Ygorl forces himself and Cireka through the portal before Illius can succeed. The three follow the warlords through the portal to the lair of Caminus. There, Cireka is killed by the dragon, and Ygorl flees through another portal. The three work together to slay Caminus, then pursue Ygorl through the portal.

The portal takes them back to Gemspark Mines. After fighting their way past Ygorl's hoard, they use a portal that leads to Limbo, where Ygorl waits for them. There, the heroes engage in a final duel with Ygorl, ultimately slaying him. They are welcomed back at Cedarleaf as heroes. Here, Khelben Blackstaff arrives through a portal, having survived the assault on his tower. He brings them the king's thanks and the offer of the untamed land of Vasa to be their own.

Players have control over all three characters and can change character at any time (after all three main heroes arrive). There are many fighting moves, and players must use each character's skills to play the game effectively. Rannek uses a sword and breaks things with his gauntlets. Illius fights with a staff and uses magic (the game's most powerful ranged attack; the other two can throw knives (Zhai) or axes (Rannek)). Zhai uses two daggers and becomes invisible in shadows—this is useful for sneaking up on enemies and killing them. Bosses overpower characters in one-on-one fighting but can be defeated with the combined power of all three heroes. Although much of the game is hack-and-slash, there are several tasks that require the use of various skills.

The game received a positive response from critics. Heather Newman of the "Detroit Free Press" called the game "extraordinarily cinematic", adding that "the dialogue and story line Salvatore crafted substantially contributed to that feel." Judy Siegel-Itzkovich of the "Jerusalem Post" gave the game four and half stars. She praised the graphics as "excellent", and the sound, calling the music "rousing and dramatic", the voice acting "high quality", and the sound effects "highly realistic". She concluded by saying that while fans would love the game, it is too short and the hack and slash element becomes "repetitive".

"Demon Stone" was nominated for two awards by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), and four awards by the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.




</doc>
<doc id="2214244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2214244" title="Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (video game)">
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (video game)

Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is an action-adventure video game based on the film "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", which in turn is based on J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", the fourth novel in the "Harry Potter" series. The game was released in 2005 to coincide with the release of the film of the same name, for Game Boy Advance, GameCube, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PlayStation Portable.

The game received mixed reviews from critics, with reviewers enjoying the scope of the games spells and gameplay, but being less impressed by the game's short length, and the game not featuring the free roaming components of previous games.

The game follows the events and characters of novel, and film, with the player controlling Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ron Weasley. The game uses an improved version of the group casting mechanic found in "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban". Improved graphics mean the characters themselves more closely resemble their film counterparts than in previous games. Gameplay in the "Goblet of Fire" is much more action-oriented, which is a change from the puzzle and adventure elements found in previous games of the series.

The game is split up into particular levels, rather than freeroaming around Hogwarts castle like in earlier games. Levels are played from parts of the novel the game is based on, with levels ranging from the Quidditch World cup, the Prefect's bathroom, and the Herbology greenhouses; which can be entered from the in game "pensieve". The game also features modes outside of combat, including broomstick flying, and underwater swimming.

In a first for the series, players can play the game with friends, and can combine their magic and spells to make them more powerful. Players can also capture moving beans using "Accio" and increase their power with collectors, creature, and character cards. The game is divided into several non-consecutive levels, some of which are locked at the beginning of the game until the player collects enough Triwizard Shields to unlock it.

Just like the previous "Harry Potter" game titles, "Goblet of Fire" has received "mixed" reviews, according to video game review aggregator "Metacritic". In Japan, Where the GameCube and Nintendo DS were ported on November 26, 2005, "Famitsu" gave it a combined score of 28 out of 40 for the DS version; and 27 out of 40 for the GameCube version. "Famitsu Cube + Advance" gave both the DS and GameCube versions a score of 27 out of 40.

"Detroit Free Press" gave the GameCube version all four stars and said, "This is a masterful video game because it can be enjoyed on many levels. Younger players can simply explore this graphically rich "Harry Potter" world and succeed. Older players will enjoy manipulating the magic by choosing spells and skills and casting magic together with friends." However, "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave the game three stars out of five and stated that its highlight "is a brief but thrilling broomstick chase against a fire-breathing dragon. An underwater interlude is less successful, although it provides variety."

The PlayStation 2 version of "The Goblet of Fire" received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.


</doc>
<doc id="2215171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2215171" title="Façade (video game)">
Façade (video game)

Façade is an artificial-intelligence-based interactive story created by Michael Mateas and Andrew Stern. It was the winner of the Grand Jury Prize at the 2006 Slamdance Independent Games Festival and has been exhibited at several international art shows. In 2010, it was included as one of the titles in the book "1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die".

"Façade" puts the player in the role of a close friend of Trip and Grace, a couple who recently invited the player to their New York City apartment for cocktails. This pleasant gathering, however, is somewhat damaged by the clear domestic confrontation between Grace and Trip upon the player's entry. Making full use of the incorporated language processing software, "Façade" allows the player to type sentences to "speak" with the couple, either supporting them through their troubles, driving them farther apart, or being thrown out of the apartment.

Incorporating elements of both interactivity and drama, "Façade" takes advantage of voice acting and a 3-D environment, as well as natural language processing and other advanced artificial intelligence routines, to provide a robust interactive fiction experience. The player can take an active role in the conversation, pushing the topic one way or another, as in an interactive stage-play. These stage-plays are stored as script text files which can be read after the player has finished.

"Façade" was released for Microsoft Windows in July 2005, as a free download from the InteractiveStory.net web site.

, the creators of "Façade" were developing another title called "The Party", however, in December 2013, Michael Mateas confirmed that they were not currently working on it.

Most playthroughs end with either Trip and Grace managing an initial reconciliation and telling the player they need to be alone, or being so offended by the player that Trip forcibly removes them from the apartment. However, with active intervention, it is possible to inspire the two to rediscover their love for one another, or to push one to leave the other – sometimes admitting a past affair, one of many events decided at random when play begins.

Because much of it is designed to simulate 'on-the-fly' reactions to the player's or other characters' actions, and because the scenario features a random series of events (such as what conversational topics are brought up, what drinks Trip wants to serve, etc.) it possesses a certain amount of replay value.

The parser through which the player communicates to the actors is also notable for its ability to recognize and accept a large number of complex commands and respond to them adequately. Many questions can be fully parsed by the engine and the actors can respond in a variety of ways dependent on their mood, random fluctuations, and the player's past actions. For example, in one scenario, Grace may respond favorably to the statement 'I love your decorations.', while in another context she may believe you are being condescending to her. Although not every statement made by the player will be successfully parsed, often the engine will pull related information and integrate it using the built-in voice acting clips. As such, proper spelling and grammar is almost always required for optimal player experience.

"Façade" won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2006 Slamdance Independent Games Festival; an early, incomplete version was a finalist at the 2004 Independent Games Festival. It has been exhibited at several international art shows including ISEA 2004 and Game/Play 2006, and was the subject of a feature article in both "The Atlantic Monthly" in November 2006 and "" in May 2007.

"Façade" has been the basis for a great number of academic publications and presentations co-authored by Mateas and Stern, as well as contributing to Mateas's PhD dissertation from Carnegie Mellon.

It is celebrated for its ability to provide a close simulation of human interaction, albeit with flat-shaded 3D graphics and pre-recorded sound clips. "Façade" is also noted because the progression of conversation between the two characters Grace and Trip is rarely entirely the same, although it does cover the same major themes of dispassion, art and marriage.

Although the original installation file was extremely large even for broadband users (around 800 megabytes), it was included on several game magazine coverdisks, helping to bring it to the eyes of a greater number of gamers and other interested parties. In February 2006, a 167-megabyte version 1.1 was released, featuring better audio compression, as well as a version for macOS.

"Façade" has received a mixed reception: as technology and possibility it is widely considered a major advance in interactive drama, while opinions on how enjoyable it is to play are more divided. Some find that when successful, it is very effective drama, while others find the drama to be a weak point. The open-ended narrative, with many possible outcomes, is often compared to "Galatea" by Emily Short.




</doc>
<doc id="2215962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2215962" title="Vietcong (video game)">
Vietcong (video game)

Vietcong is a 2003 tactical first-person shooter video game developed by Pterodon in cooperation with Illusion Softworks and published by Gathering of Developers for Microsoft Windows. It is set during the Vietnam War in 1967.

The expansion pack "" was released in 2004 and was bundled with "Vietcong" as "Vietcong: Purple Haze" for the PC. "Vietcong: Purple Haze" was also released in 2004 for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox, ported by Coyote Games. Another official add-on titled "Red Dawn" was released as a free downloadable content. A sequel to the game, "Vietcong 2", was released in 2005.

The player takes on the role of Sergeant First Class Steve R. Hawkins, assigned to the United States Special Forces ("Green Berets") camp at a strategic location of Nui Pek in South Vietnam near the Cambodian border. Hawkins and his A-Team carry out a series of various missions against the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese forces. The game ends in a massive North Vietnamese attack on the team's base camp which is ultimately abandoned by all American forces.

The ground assault on Nui Pek is a recreation of the ground assault that happened at Special Forces Camp Lang Vei.

"Vietcong" has the player take part in military operations against the Viet Cong and later also the North Vietnamese Army. Some levels are highly linear, while others take place in more open outdoor environments, allowing for more tactical freedom. Missions typically require the player to sabotage weapons caches or simply clear areas of enemies - usually not all objectives need to be achieved in order to complete a mission. Gameplay mostly revolves around open combat in the jungle, tunnels and other locations typical for the setting but the player occasionally also has to traverse longer passages without encountering enemies during which punji pits and other traps pose the main threat.

"Vietcong" aims for a high level of authenticity and realism. AI characters make frequent use of cover but change the latter often, making it difficult for the player to anticipate enemies' specific locations and encouraging a tactical approach. All weapons' aim sights can be used to increase aim but a sway is present which simulates a shooter's shaking hands. The latter can be reduced by entering a crouching or prone stance. While aiming the gun is raised, which allows the player to shoot over cover without fully exposing himself. The game avoids the use of health packs and rather has the player use bandages, which briefly exposes him, or have a medic treat his wounds. The game features a variety of authentic weapons from the era such as the M-16 and AK-47 assault rifles. The player is able to choose the weapons he wants to go on a mission with in advance but can also replace them with weapons found on missions, giving him access to weapons used by the enemies. In some missions airstrikes can be ordered to bombard specific areas of the map.

Typically for tactical shooters the player is usually accompanied by AI controlled comrades. Each of the fellow soldiers is a unique character who is not allowed to die and serves a specific role in the team. For instance the point man can safely lead the team towards the objective, avoiding any traps and warning the player of enemies in advance, while a combat engineer carries an infinite supply of ammo for the player. By default the team simply follows the player character and engages at will but general orders such as to attack the enemy or retreat can be given. The fellow soldiers can also be called individually to the player character's location.

In addition to the main campaign a "quick fight" mode is available. The latter allows the player to simply engage in a fight on one of several arena-like maps with the sole objective of eliminating all enemies. The player can choose whether he wishes to be accompanied by a team, how many and what kind of enemies to engage, and what equipment he wishes to go on the mission with. In this mode the player is also able to assume the role of a Viet Cong combatant and engage American soldiers. By default only a single map and few weapons are available but more become available as the player makes progress in the game's main campaign.

The game also features a local and online multiplayer mode which supports up to 64 players per match. The online lobby servers were hosted by the now-defunct GameSpy Arcade.

Several gameplay modes typical for shooter games are available: Free for all deathmatch, team deathmatch, capture the flag and last man standing. Additionally a team mode is available where, similarly to Counter-Strike, players remain dead for the remainder of the current round and teams only score a point if the opposite team has been completely annihilated.

In the United Kingdom, "Vietcong" sold roughly 20,000 units during the first half of 2003. Kristan Reed of GamesIndustry.biz wrote that these were "not figures that spell H.I.T." Its sales in the region rose to around 50,000 units by year's end. As of November 2007, "Vietcong" had sold more than 1 million copies worldwide.

The game received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

In the Czech Republic, the game's country of origin, the game is highly popular. "Vietcong" was voted the 3rd best video game developed in the Czech Republic and Slovakia in a survey by Czech web provider BonusWeb when it received 1393 votes out of 13,143 as every reader could choose for three games to vote for.

GameSpot gave it the award of the Game of the Month for April 2003.

"Vietcong" was named the eighth-best computer game of 2003 by "Computer Games Magazine". The editors wrote that "the interface feels more like shooting a gun and interacting with the environment than any other first-person shooter ever".



</doc>
<doc id="2216793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2216793" title="Secret Wives' Club">
Secret Wives' Club

Secret Wives' Club is a computer game which explores the Japanese fetish of hitozuma, a form of erotica that involves having sexual relationships with married women. A game by G-Collections, a company that works closely with Peach Princess, the player's task is to sexually train three different women, who do not lead satisfying sexual lives with their husbands.

On the first day of a new job as a tutor, Issei finds the mother of his student to be the girl he met in Bali. Happy to meet him again, she later introduces him to her two beautiful friends, girls of leisure who are frustrated with their boring lives. Before he knows it, he agrees to become their helper in the "pleasures of life".

A generous housewife, she is Chisato's friend. She's very curious about her wondrous life. Once turned on, she won't be able to stop. She likes to be sticking to her helper all the time.

A shy woman, Nana is a friend of Chisato. She's good to her friend, and their life is far from what it should be.

Chisato has too much free time because she has a housekeeper who asks the other girls for help. She had a meeting with Issei on the island of Bali. She is a bit of an exhibitionist.

Secret Wives' Club is an adventure game. The game utilizes a multi-ending system, where the stories unfold and change according to command selections. It is entirely up to the player how the stories will grow and end. The player chooses the character and the type of lesson from a menu. The further one proceeds in the game, the more lesson selections one will have. Each character has different types of lessons depending on their personalities.



</doc>
<doc id="2231066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2231066" title="Little Fighter Online">
Little Fighter Online

Little Fighter Online (LFO, Chinese: 小朋友齊打交 Online) was a fighting game for Windows. It was popular at launch in Hong Kong, but has shown a rapid decline in popularity since. The gameplay itself was based on the earlier Little Fighter 2 game, which shares many of the same features. The game was produced by Marti Wong (involved in all the Little Fighter games) and Oscar Chu, a Chinese MMO developer.

Little Fighter Online (also known as LFO) was launched and developed by U1 Game and played on several servers. The game start operate from 22 October 2004 and close at 27 January 2016. Players have complained about the game have many bugs, lags, and susceptible to players cheating. Version 14 was the last version ever released and players have stopped playing due to instability and unreliability.



</doc>
<doc id="2232501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2232501" title="Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder">
Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder

Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder (Big Mutha Truckers 2 in North America) is a racing video game developed by Eutechnyx for PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows.

The PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions of "Big Mutha Truckers 2: Truck Me Harder" received "mixed" reviews, while the PC version received "unfavorable" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

"Detroit Free Press" gave the Xbox version a score of two stars out of four and stated: "The action is respectable when you're on the road with your 18-wheeler, dodging UFO invaders, smacking sinister bikers with your trailer and outrunning the cops, but the bare-bones production value is clear when you visit towns. You go to stores and bars to buy upgrades, meet people and find your next load to haul." "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave the PS2 version a score of two-and-a-half stars out of five and said, "Causing havoc behind the wheel of a big rig is fun but the novelty quickly wanes and the unsubtle gags often fail to amuse, especially when they are endlessly repeated." "The Times" gave the game two stars out of five and said that "The fact that the graphics are so impressive, and the road maps so brilliantly extensive, only adds to the disappointment of the overall experience." "Maxim" gave it a score of two out of ten and stated that "it ain't nuthin' we ain't seen before. When not running from the cops a la "Driver," you're making deliveries like in "Crazy Taxi"—both of which would be a lot more fun if your rig wasn't slow and sluggish like Eminem with his medicine."


</doc>
<doc id="2233745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2233745" title="Blood II: The Chosen">
Blood II: The Chosen

Blood II: The Chosen is a first-person shooter computer game developed by Monolith Productions and distributed by GT Interactive. Unlike the first installment, "Blood", which was set in 1928, it takes place in the year 2028, so in addition to conventional weapons and magical items also incorporates science-fiction technology, mostly falling under the cyberpunk genre, and elements of dystopian fiction. Much like its predecessor, the game contains a significant amount of graphic violence and black humor.

In single player mode the player can choose their character among one of the four Chosen. "Blood II"'s gameplay is influenced by the choice of character at the start of the game because every Chosen has different marksmanship abilities, amount of maximum hit point and armor level.

The game is divided into chapters, each of which accessible once the previous one is completed. A total of 17 weapons (some of them usable in dual mode) are available to the player, although he has only 10 positions at his disposal and thus must choose which weapons will be included in his arsenal. Most weapons also have a secondary fire mode, for example one that deals higher damage to hostile creatures but consumes more ammunition. Several power ups including invulnerability, stealth movement or increased firepower gives the player an advantage over enemies for a limited period of time.

"Blood II" is primarily focused on the single player experience, but also features a multiplayer mode. Instead of Deathmatch mode, authors decided to change the name to "Bloodbath" because it better reflects the game's title. Each player can choose one of the four Chosen to control during the match - Caleb, Gabriella, Ishmael and Ophelia. Since every character has different abilities, the weaponry they receive at the beginning of the game varies. Players can also customize their characters, giving a score from 1 to 5 to four different stats.

The game takes place in 2028. Caleb, the protagonist, has spent the last century since "Blood" searching for a way to resurrect his comrades, The Chosen, who were killed in the previous game by the Cabal, a cult dedicated to the worship of the evil god, Tchernobog. The Cabal, in the meantime, has spent the century since Tchernobog's death by Caleb's hands turning the cult into a global mega-corporation called CabalCo, which uses its economic influence to control the world's populace. This is all thanks to Gideon, the Cabal's current leader who has been raised to restore Tchernobog and destroy Caleb, now called the “Great Betrayer”.

The game begins with Caleb riding a CabalCo subway train, where he discovers that Gideon is the one driving, after Gideon orders his troops to attack. Ready for a fight, Caleb pursues him through the train, which Gideon rigs to crash before escaping. After he regains consciousness, Caleb continues to chase Gideon through the city of New Town, leading to a few short encounters. He later catches up to Gideon in a CabalCo-owned museum, but before they fight, Gideon's bodyguard fires an experimental weapon creating a dimensional rift. Failing to harm Caleb, it instead brings back Gabriella, one of The Chosen, prompting Gideon and his companions to retreat.

From this point on, Caleb begins encountering strange creatures and people infested with strange mind-controlling parasites as he continues to hunt Gideon; fighting through CabalCo housing, steam tunnels, disease laboratories, and an air ship, before heading off to a Cabal controlled cathedral. Gideon is nowhere to be found and he is instead met with a giant of the creatures called the Naga, which Caleb defeats. Gabriella comes up from nearby subway tracks and probes Caleb about the creatures; Caleb has no good answer, and Gabriella expresses her doubts over Caleb's ability to handle this problem. Caleb tersely reassures her, and runs off to catch a train, which again crashes.

Caleb returns to his goal of killing Gideon, ignoring the creature problem, other than killing any encountered. After cornering Gideon in a CabalCo safe house, he is unexpectedly joined by Ishmael, another of The Chosen, after Gideon's bodyguard uses his weapon again. Gideon and his companions again escape, this time in a helicopter. After talking with Ishmael, Caleb fights his way through many CabalCo-owned institutions such as sewage and meat treatment plants and dams, as well as fighting through the subway system many times trying to get to the old underground.

Once there, he fights off a beast called a Behemoth and meets Ishmael again. During both encounters, Ishmael explains that the creatures are the inhabitants of an invading parallel universe, entering that world through tears in reality left by the death of Tchernobog, who maintained the walls separating realities, which have finally broken down due to the Cabal's experiments. Only Caleb can stop the invasion from consuming our world, as he inherited Tchernobog's power after killing the dark god. Caleb shrugs off Ishmael's concerns, not accepting his powers, and returns to hunting Gideon.

Just before he leaves, Ishmael explains the whereabouts of Ophelia – the final Chosen and Caleb's lover; she is at CabalCo headquarters in Gideon's temple, the epicentre of the rifts. Caleb proceeds there, and, after dealing with several Cabal-created obstructions such as a raised bridge, finds Ophelia. Gideon returns and carries Ophelia away before Caleb can rescue her. Angered, Caleb blasts his way through CabalCo's offices, electrical generation areas, CabalCo's R&D lab, and finally finds Gideon on the rooftops. After Caleb defeats Gideon, with Ophelia freed, Gideon retreats through a dimensional rift. Against Ophelia's advice, Caleb follows him through.

Caleb finds Gideon in an ancient temple, part of a large strange citadel, and faces his spider version. With Gideon dead, Caleb fights many of the otherworldly beings until he encounters three undead forms of his comrades. They introduce themselves as The Ancient One, the leader of the invasion. After clumsily explaining their plans, Caleb faces them, before falling and finding the being's true form. After defeating the squid-like creature, the real Chosen appear. Grudgingly, Caleb gives in to their wishes and re-binds the realities, and the four Chosen begin their long walk home.

"The Nightmare Levels", released in August 1999, was an expansion pack for "Blood II" that provided background information on Caleb, Gabriella, Ishmael, and Ophelia, narrated by a deceased Gideon. As the Chosen continue to walk home to their world from the invading reality, they encounter a psychic beast known as the Nightmare that captures Caleb due to the Chosen attracting it by telling scary stories.

The player then has to relive some of the most horrific moments of the Chosen's lives - Caleb fighting the Cabal in the frozen north ("Blood", ), the Cabal attack on Ophelia's sorority which led her to join, Ishmael's escape from his life as a circus freak into the Cabal, and Gabriella's spooky night in a haunted house.

Caleb pops in at the end of each of the other Chosen's stories, and tries to figure out what is going on. After Gabriella's nightmare, he is transported to a level resembling the old west, which he escapes back out into the otherworld. There he finds the Nightmare, surmises that it is the being responsible for his troubles, and slays it. Gideon finishes with an end narration, foretelling the Chosen's many adventures and conquests ahead of them.

"The Nightmare Levels" reintroduced the Robed Cultist enemies from the original game, added the Gremlins enemies and the Nightmare boss, CabalCo cultists re-skinned as killer clown guards, and two new weapons - the combat shotgun and the flayer. The game also added new multiplayer (BloodBath) models (CabalCo cultists, Soul Drudges, etc.) and modes (such as "Zombie Head Soccer").

"Blood II: The Chosen" was developed by Monolith Productions and featured Monolith's new fully 3D engine LithTech, which was previously used in "". The game was released on November 25, 1998 by GT Interactive, which was later purchased by Infogrames. An official expansion pack was released in August 1999 under the title of Blood II: The Chosen - The Nightmare Levels. As with "Blood", a guide book was released for the game entitled "Blood II: The Chosen Strategy Guide" by Jamie Madigan.

Work on porting it and LithTech in general to Linux, and then later potentially to other systems like Solaris, was being done by employee Jeremy Blackman, but was never completed.

Around 1999, the source code was partly released to allow easier modding. On April 29, 2010 "Blood II" was re-released by the digital distributor gog.com.

"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "In the end, "Blood 2" seems like the "Sybil" of video games; it mimics a lot of different shooter genres, but it has no personality of its own."

Mark Asher of CNET Gamecenter reported "disappointing" sales for "Blood II" in the United States during 1998's Christmas shopping season, a problem it shared with competitors "SiN" and "". Noting that the "only FPS game that has done really well [over the period] is "Half-Life"", he speculated that first-person shooters' market size was smaller than commonly believed. In April 1999, Asher wrote that the game "went nowhere at the retail level, although I’ve heard that Monolith has done well with OEM deals."



</doc>
<doc id="2237042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2237042" title="Kill Switch (video game)">
Kill Switch (video game)

Kill Switch (stylized as kill.switch) is a third-person shooter video game developed by Namco USA in 2003 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows. A Game Boy Advance port was released in 2004. The GBA port was created independently of Namco, due to a licensing deal with Destination Software. The PAL release of the PS2 port came with a demo of on a separate disc. 

The most distinguishing characteristic of "Kill Switch" is its cover system, a mechanic that has the player character taking cover behind objects and around corners in a manner similar to Namco's own "Time Crisis" series of light gun shooters as well as Koei's third-person shooter "WinBack" and Hideo Kojima's stealth game "". However, "Kill Switch" was the first third-person shooter to feature the cover system as its core game mechanic, though Gears of War would popularize it.

Protagonist Nick Bishop (voiced by Marcus McCollum) is a super-soldier remotely controlled via direct neural connection by a man known only as "Controller" (voiced by Chuck McQuary) in a series of combat missions designed to bring "the North" and "the West" to war. Profiteer Archer (voiced by Adam Baldwin) plans to benefit by selling the technology used to control Bishop, who gives Controller headaches on recollection of suppressed memories featuring a woman and the phrase "Say my name". Moments before launching a biological warhead, Controller is killed by a surge triggered when a woman known as "Duchess" (voiced by Adrienne Wilkinson) seizes control of Bishop. Sent to attack Controller's base, Bishop's memories are eventually restored: the woman from his memories was his new wife, who Archer killed when he captured Bishop to sell the technology inside him. Freed, Bishop kills Archer in a final assault and walks away.

"Kill Switch" received a wide range of reviews across all platforms, with the Xbox version receiving a score of 75 out of 100 on Metacritic, indicating “generally favorable reviews“, while the PC and PS2 versions received scores of 66 and 73 out of 100 respectively, indicating “mixed or average reviews“. Criticism was directed towards its thin plot and simplistic level design, while the gameplay mechanics, especially the cover system, were lauded and considered engaging. It was compared to the "Time Crisis" series. The Xbox version of the game was said to possess enhanced graphics over the PS2 version. GameSpot awarded the Xbox version a 6.9 out of 10.

The GBA version of the game was similarly received, with IGN calling it a "solid portable action title" and awarding it a 7.5 out of 10.

"Kill Switch" is best remembered for its cover system as a core game mechanic, and for introducing the blind fire mechanic to the cover system. Several shooters took inspiration from "Kill Switch" and implemented similar cover systems. In the design of "Gears of War", lead developer Cliff Bleszinski of Epic Games credits "Kill Switch's" cover system as one of the influences they put into the game's design, as "Kill Switch's" lead designer Chris Esaki was employed by Epic Games and was involved in the development of "Gears of War".

Naughty Dog's "", which began development in 2005 and was released in 2007, also took inspiration from "Kill Switch", which "Uncharted's" lead designers Evan Wells and Amy Hennig credited as inspiration for the game's cover system. Other examples of shooters that featured "Kill Switch"-inspired cover systems include the 2005 third-person shooter "CT Special Forces: Fire for Effect", and the 2006 games "", a first person shooter released in the same month as "Gears of War", and "", an isometric shoot 'em up released a month before "Gears of War".



</doc>
<doc id="2238745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2238745" title="Etherlords">
Etherlords

Etherlords () is a series of fantasy turn-based strategy and card-dueling video games for the PC, by Russian developer Nival Interactive. The first game was published November 12, 2001 by Ravensburger Interactive Media under their mature game label Fishtank Interactive. Prior to worldwide release it was released in Russia (November 9, 2001) as "Demiurges" (). It was followed two years later by a sequel, "Etherlords II", which was published in Europe by DreamCatcher Interactive and in North America by Strategy First. Nival has stated that a third game isn't out of the question, but so far nothing has been announced.

The game features a card-based dueling system that borrows heavily from "". While the game can be played in a pure dueling mode, the major appeal of Etherlords stems from the scenario mode which utilizes a strategy/adventure map, similar to the one used in Heroes of Might and Magic. Nival later became the developer of HOMM 5.

The world is governed by a force known as ether and it is wielded by the representatives of chaos, kinetics, synthesis, and vitality. The leaders of the four factions vie for supremacy, with the ultimate goal of transcending into the fabled White Lord, the master of all ether.

In Etherlords I, you may select between two campaigns: Kinet/Vital or Chaot/Synthet. Some of the maps are shared between the two campaigns, and you simply assume the role of whichever faction you selected. The final mission is one such mission. It also requires that you break with your allies and choose a single faction, and therefore a single avatar, to face the White Lord. The White Lord himself, being a master of all ether, uses spells from multiple schools. Notably he uses a deck that is heavy on Synthet spells, augmented by top picks from the other schools. Upon defeating the White Lord, the victor ascends and becomes the new White Lord.

In Etherlords II, Diamanda mysteriously returns from the mists of legend. She was mentioned in passing at the end of the Kinet/Vital campaign in Etherlords I. A Kinet hero who was captured by the Synthets for experimentation, she appears now as a hybrid Kinet/Synthet spreading the Pale Plague, a sinister disease which drains beings of their energy. You begin the game as either the Vitals or Chaots, and in a twist, each of these factions' campaigns leads to the campaigns of their enemies—so the campaigns are effectively a choice between Vitals/Synthets or Chaots/Kinets. After completing the main campaigns, you then play as Diamanda. Here you discover that the force behind the Pale Plague is actually the reigning White Lord, who wishes to remain in power for eternity and can only do so by inflicting the world with the Pale Plague. Diamanda was resurrected as a mindless slave for this purpose, but she eventually recovers her sense of self and makes the ultimate sacrifice to stop the White Lord's plans.

The dueling portion of each game is conceptually identical. The latter game introduces many modifications to existing cards in order to balance them or make them more interesting to play with, as well as a handful of new cards (mostly found as Pale spells).

A much more significant change can be found in the scenario mode. Whereas Etherlords I uses a strictly turn-based strategy map in the style of Heroes of Might and Magic, Etherlords II uses a more character-oriented adventure map in the style of , the minigame that MicroProse created for its of . As a result, the first game emphasizes strategic objectives like securing resources and territory, and using multiple heroes, while the second game eschews those elements in favor of making the player collect cards and manage their decks. The most notable effect of this change is that, aside from occasional time limits, the scenarios in Etherlords II do not feature active dangers—the player is free to explore as he wishes without threat of his infrastructure being destroyed. It is more about fighting through a linear path and taking on each monster in your way, and having to adjust your deck strategy against a series of different opponents.

Of particular interest to players are the new multiplayer features in Etherlords II, including a variation of , a popular sealed-pack competition format.

There are four factions in Etherlords. The Kinets and Vitals can be considered the protagonists, while the Chaots and Synthets can be considered the antagonists, as represented in each faction's art style and the single-player campaigns.
Four races dominate the lands of the Etherlords. Each race has its advantages, and each has its ambitions, but all want to dominate. From the Vitals attuned to natures and grace, to the vulgar Chaots, the races encompass all the colors of Ether.

Race of Ether of Chaos

The Chaots are a tribal race of brutish warriors. Their connection to fire and lightning is represented by a multitude of spells that cause direct damage to creatures. Common Chaos creature types include kobolds, orcs, rats and bats.
Some say the Chaots are the most powerful heroes of all. But those that speak thus would be wrong. For it is not that Chaots are more powerful than other races, but rather that their power is more vulgar. Chaots believe in the attack, and use their powerful spells and unholy minions to unleash a never-ending assault on their enemies.

Race of Ether of Motion

The Kinets are regal, winged beings with an association to air and water. The Kinets possess an arsenal of spells that delay enemy actions, including discard effects. This is somewhat necessary because all of the Kinet's low-cost creatures have only 1 or 2 points of toughness. Common Kinetic creature types include aviaks (birdmen), spirits, and lamias (naga).
Slender and fast, the Kinets prefer speed over brute force. They are an intelligent race and value knowledge over force, and their allies -from the aviaks to the Lamias- feel the same. A Kinet hero will parry his opponent's attacks, wearing him down with endless counterattacks until at last his opponent succumbs.

Race of the Ether of Synthesis

The Synthets are cyborgs and as such they employ machines and technology. Their spells utilize biological attacks that steadily cause damage over time. Synthetic creatures are mechanical, and common types include worms, mechs, and even dinosaurs.
The Synthets are a strange race, part machine, part human -a race of living beings that eschews the living in favor of the machine. As such they consider their allies the strange, pseudo-machines of the Etherlords universe. From quick Wurms to the powerful Cutters, the Synthets field an odd, but aggressive, army.

Race of the Ether of Vitality

The Vitals are a druidic people who possess an affinity for plants and insects. Bursts of ether allow them to cast larger spells more quickly. They also have many spells to gain life. Common Vitality creatures include ticks, treants, and bees.
The Vitals are nature's own, and are close to the currents that run through the green-leafed woods, and speaking streams. A looking-good people, the Vitals rely on nature's magic for their power, and claim the creatures of the woods -from the tick to the snake- as their allies. Their attacks are balanced, employing both a clever defense and relentless assault.



</doc>
<doc id="2239491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2239491" title="Fantastic Four (2005 video game)">
Fantastic Four (2005 video game)

Fantastic Four is an action-adventure beat 'em up video game based on the 2005 film of the "same name". Players play as the characters of the Marvel Comics superhero team Fantastic Four using combos and special attacks to fight their way through hordes of enemies and bosses. Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Michael Chiklis, Chris Evans and Julian McMahon reprise their roles for the game. The Nintendo DS version was planned, but was cancelled.

The Fantastic Four is an internationally renowned group of superhuman champions. Each of the characters has a special ability:


The game includes a number of villains and characters not featured in the movie, many of whom are based on their Ultimate Universe versions like the Yancy Street Gang, Nick Fury, Mole Man, Diablo, Puppet Master, Dragon Man, Blastaar, and Annihilus.

The game begins with Reed, Sue, and Johnny on a roof lying helpless after being knocked unconscious by a blast from Doctor Doom. Sue is the first to recover, so when she sits up and turns around, Dr. Doom is preparing to fire an electric blast at them. Sue holds it off with her force field and calls Ben Grimm for help. Then it cuts away to Ben, who is recovering in the transformation chamber after having his rocklike exterior genetically removed from him. As he contemplates why the circumstances have led to this, he remembers the period when all of this happens.

This is when it reverts to the beginning of the movie: Reed signs the pact, they go into space, and Ben gets the samples ready. In space, they are hit by a cosmic storm which alters their DNA and gives them superpowers. If it hadn't been for Victor, they might never have arrived back to Earth and into his medical compound, where they recovered. When Ben discovers that he has become a monster-like figure, he deserts the other three and heads home.

Ben runs on a rampage to try to calm himself. This brings the army to New York under the control of a deep, dark, sinister figure who is yet to be revealed and they try to get Ben under control. However, after Ben and the other three rescue a fire truck from falling off the Brooklyn Bridge, the forces lay off and watch the Fantastic Four to see if they become hostile.

Reed attempts to find another power source, but is interrupted by a call for help. It seems that strange creatures have invaded Grand Central Station and the police seem to have no effect against them. The Fantastic Four stop the creatures from invading the city and face their leader, the Mole Man and his mighty pet. Because of the utter destruction caused by their fight with this giant monster, the city is in a mess and Victor blames Reed for all this mess.

With Ben in hand, Reed sets out to identify their mutation and possibly cure them of it. He constructs a machine with Victor's help which will use cosmic rays to reverse the signal being sent through their bodies by the mutation. He then turns to sources to power this machine and identifies a cosmic meteor that landed in the jungle of southern Mexico. They travel to Tikal to retrieve this meteor when they encounter Diablo, who desires to have this meteor so he can harness its power to conquer the world. The Fantastic Four defeat him and bring the meteor back, but its power is insufficient to power the machine. Later, Victor invites Sue to the opening of his Egyptian wing in the museum that night.

While they are there, Alicia Masters is kidnapped by the mummy creatures who have come to life by the Puppet Master, which throws Ben into an outrage. Reed intends to disable the security system to free her, but they have to deal with animated mummies and dinosaurs. They free Alicia but end up destroying half the museum while repelling the reanimated creatures, which infuriates Victor to no end.

In his last attempt to alleviate his anger towards them, he has a conversation with Sue in which he attempts to find out why she continues to stay with Reed. She says she can't abandon them because they're her family now, which prompts Victor to send Doombots after them to destroy them after they finish their meeting. The four have a massive battle in Times Square, which they nearly demolish with the help of the VDI Mechs, prompting the mysterious figure, AKA Nick Fury, to take them to the Vault prison for their safe keeping.

They arrive there and are quarantined until Dragon Man decides to break out and cause utter chaos. The Fantastic Four's security systems are deactivated and they try to restore order. They are successful in their mission so when they reach the entrance at the top of the prison, they encounter Fury who agrees to release them on one condition: that they find out what happened to his laboratory.

Upon their arrival, Reed surmises that something has affected the organic molecules and changed them to its preference. This creature, known as Annihilus finds him and Ben and they defeat him and neutralize the transformation of the lab. It is at the conclusion of this mission that the Fantastic Four obtain a shuttle from Nick in order to travel to the space station where they were transformed.

When they arrive, they discover it has been taken over by mutated plants and insectoid creatures and they must destroy the station after obtaining the power source they need to finish powering Reed's transformation chamber. This proves to be successful and the machine is powered up to its maximum.

With this knowledge, Victor travels to the Baxter Building with the intent to defeat the Fantastic Four. He sets Reed's security systems against them and lures Ben to the transformation chamber where he steals his power. The remaining three fight against an enhanced Dr. Doom but his power is too great and they are defeated. Ben, however, feels terrible for leaving his friends just because he wanted to look normal again, so he decides to re-enter the transformation chamber and turn back into the Thing. Dr. Doom is about to destroy them when Ben busts out onto the roof and savagely attacks him, allowing his teammates to recover. They fall to the street and the other three join them there to finish Doom once and for all.

Reviews of the game were mixed. GameRankings gave it a score of 62.18% for the PlayStation 2 version, 61.50% for the Xbox version, 65.02% for the GameCube version, 64.35% for the PC version, and 55.50% for the Game Boy Advance version. Likewise, Metacritic gave it a score of 64 out of 100 for the PS2 version, 62 out of 100 for the Xbox version, 61 out of 100 for the GameCube version, 63 out of 100 for the PC version, and 57 out of 100 for the GBA version.

GamesRadar ranked it as the 45th worst game ever made. They criticized it for its poor use of the license and boring gameplay.

The game is notable for having four bands record brand new songs to be used as the themes for the characters. The bands who contributed songs and who their song was for are:

Taking Back Sunday's "Error Operator" was also the only song originally composed for the game to appear on the film's soundtrack. It also appears in the film during the scene where The Thing goes into a bar. The song was re-worked for the band's 2006 album "Louder Now". In the game an instrumental version is used.



</doc>
<doc id="2239970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2239970" title="Incoming (1998 video game)">
Incoming (1998 video game)

Incoming is a 3D shooter video game developed by Rage Software and published by Interplay. The game was first released for Microsoft Windows in late 1998, and was followed by a Sega Dreamcast version, which was released in Japan on December 17, 1998, in Europe on October 14, 1999, and in North America on November 30, 1999. Set in the near-future of 2009, the game primarily revolves around controlling vehicles and turrets to fight alien invaders of Earth in one of the Campaign modes, the Arcade mode, and with or against another player. Some levels include brief real-time strategy segments.

Praised for its then-advanced graphics and sound, the game was generally well-received on the PC, though the critical response was less positive for the Dreamcast version. A sequel entitled "Incoming Forces" was released in 2002 exclusively for the PC. An arcade version of the game, utilising a unique hardware interface, was released in 2003.

Primarily a vehicle simulation game, the player controls one of a number of possible vehicles in order to complete objectives. The vehicle used could be an aerial craft, defence emplacement, or surface craft, and is usually armed with a primary weapon (with infinite ammunition) and sometimes secondary weapons (with either a limited or infinite supply). "Incoming" was also noted for its arcade style; in particular, the logging of high scores and a "life" system.

There are three different game modes. The campaign mode follows the main storyline in which the player must complete a series of objectives to neutralise the alien threat. Typical goals include transporting cargo and defending allied convoys. Two variants of the campaign exist: "campaign action" purely consists of the simulation missions; "campaign tactics" features the same main missions as campaign action, but with some extra sub-missions. These sub-missions take place in the "tactical display", where the player controls several vehicles and gun emplacements in a similar manner to real-time strategy games.

Either campaign consists of ten missions (referred to as "phases" in the game) in each of the six locations. These locations can also be accessed in the arcade mode. This mode sees the player fight off alien craft while picking up as many "power-ups" (items which confer some advantage upon the player, such as temporary invulnerability and upgraded weaponry) as is possible. The same mechanics apply to the multiplayer mode, with some slight variations depending on the game type selected. Multiplayer is available in split-screen mode on both platforms in addition to networking and Internet options on the PC version.

Acknowledged by critics for having a simple storyline, "Incoming" is set in 2009 over a period of fifteen days. An increasing number of UFO sightings culminate in attacks on the international lunar base and other locations on Earth; and the construction of a base in the Arctic. Secret work is started on an "ADATA" (Anomaly Detection And Tracking Array) near Mount Kilimanjaro. The events of the game take place after an attack on the ADATA facility is initiated by alien forces.

The game is set in six locations: Kenya, defending the ADATA facility; the Arctic, attacking an alien base while defending a human one; the North Atlantic Ocean, where the player must defend oil rigs and attack a second alien base; California, where parts of a fleet to invade the alien's moon base must be defended; the Moon, attacking a further alien base; and a planet in the Crab Nebula, assaulting the planet from which the alien attackers came.

If the player has completed these in the Campaign Action mode, then in addition to these ten missions in each location, there are bonus "virus" scenarios, with one level in each location. Shortly before these missions, the aliens launched four virus bombs which impacted in the four location on Earth the player had previously visited. All buildings in these areas must be destroyed by the player to prevent the virus from spreading further. 

Rage Software, developers of "Incoming", were known for their cutting-edge graphics and effects. The game utilized the 3dfx technology, and was included in some retail versions of the Voodoo2 graphics card. An arcade version followed in 2003, running on the Vortek V3 Global VR arcade board, utilising the system's unique virtual reality hardware interface.

The Windows version of "Incoming" was generally well-received. In particular, the explosions, similar special effects and cut scenes using the main game engine were noted for their quality. The Dolby Surround-encoded sound was a further source of acclaim. British magazine "PC Zone" described it as "bloody good," with "some modest simulation elements." The magazine praised the setting of the game, commenting: "a refreshing change from the deep space of most futuristic combat sims, and something which definitely has a positive effect on gameplay." The review concluded by saying that "it's as fun as it looks. Just for once, all those people who don't read reviews and buy games purely on the strength of pretty pictures on the packaging are gonna find themselves playing a very, very enjoyable game." "Edge" highlighted the game's efficient gameplay mechanics, stating that designers "managed to produce something more than a lightshow, taking care to fine-tune a design that, if not exactly original, at least does its thing with flair and solid understanding of gameplay."

"Next Generation" reviewed the Windows version and stated that "The amount of varied units and different settings give "Incoming" the commendable originality and replay value that make it a title worth checking out."

Though considering the game "pretty darn tough," IGN praised the game's variety and length. It also praised the sound and graphics, though the latter was a source of criticism: ""Incoming"'s got it all... but it all comes at a high price: getting this game to run on our PCs was one big pain in the butt." Despite calling it "an outstanding-looking and great playing game," IGN only gave the game a "decent" review score because of the system problems. Conversely, GameSpot's review noted none of these hardware issues, praising the visuals as "some of the finest... of any action game". The reviewer, however, described the game design as "strong yet slightly flawed... [it] definitely pulls you in, but leaves a little to be desired as far as keeping you there," complaining that "what [the developer] have presented gets tiresome quickly." The publication summarised the game as "a fine game and a definite must-have for arcade fans... What it lacks is a realization that computer games have moved beyond this simplistic style of gameplay."

The reception, however, was less positive when the game was ported to the Dreamcast. A release title for Sega's console, "IGN" complained that the graphics were not top-of-the-range at the time of its late 1999 release, with the draw distance being cited as a specific hindrance on gameplay. "IGN" also said that, although the game "is lacking in many areas, there's more than enough here for the hardcore shooting fans out there to have their requisite blast of shooting action." Though criticizing the graphics' ability to "get in the way at times," the "very vague" mission briefings and the "odd flying model for the planes," the reviewer conceded that "if you're a hardcore shooting fan, and you're looking for a good challenge, you'll probably want to look into "Incoming"." PlanetDreamcast's review was harsher, describing the plot as "the same recycled garbage used in tons of other games of this type," the multiplayer split screen mode as "lame" and the objectives as "mundane." The reviewer also noted graphical issues, clipping problems and poor controls. Though dismissing the graphics as "a bit dated," the reviewer did acknowledge the "nifty special effects" and admitted that ""Incoming" may be worth a rental... [it] is only slightly better than mediocre." In a rare positive review for the Dreamcast version, "Game Vortex" described the visuals as "some of the most breathtaking visuals you'll find in any game." Though describing the multiplayer as "fun", it considered "by far, the best [mode to be] Campaign mode." The review concluded by describing the game as "lots of fun and highly recommended." In Japan, where said console version was released under the name , "Famitsu" gave it a score of 27 out of 40.



</doc>
<doc id="2248986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2248986" title="Trash (video game)">
Trash (video game)

Trash is a real-time strategy computer game developed by Inhuman Games for the Microsoft Windows operating systems. It was released on September 20, 2005.

The game takes place in a post-apocalyptic future where, after the great nuclear war of 2015, peace treaties were signed, nuclear weapons were destroyed, and civilization was slowly rebuilt. However, 8 years after treaties were signed, a fleet of alien ships appeared outside Earth's atmosphere. Several super weapons were fired from the largest of the alien spacecraft, the resulting explosions causing major alterations to Earth's geography. Fearing for the lives of every human on earth, the United States Government unleashed its hidden nuclear arsenal on the alien ships. The resulting explosions rained down onto the planet, causing buildings to be destroyed and the air to be poisoned by radiation. As a result, in 10 hours, 5 of the 9 billion humans on Earth were killed.

The remaining smaller alien ships traveled into Earth's atmosphere, but never landed due to resistance by the remaining humans on earth.

After the alien ships left, mutants slowly began to appear, initially doing nothing more than raiding human settlements for building materials and kidnapping humans. As these incidents were few and far between, and by now many people had lost much of their families and other social contacts, most of these went unnoticed.

However, the mutants had their own plans. The mutants were hybrids of the aliens that came to conquer Earth. They injected captured humans with their own DNA, causing them to mutate. Eventually, the mutants' forces were strong enough to take on the humans. The mutants deployed their forces, and the war between the humans and mutants began.

Trash consists of two species: Humans and Mutants. A machine race is to be added in a sequel, but for now this has been left out as Inhuman Games is a very small team, and want to focus their efforts on the humans and mutants.

The gameplay is focused mostly on multiplayer skirmishes. There are now single player campaigns, although they are still in beta mode, and there is an AI for single player skirmishes though it is not highly advanced. One integral feature is that if a human and a mutant are allied then they are able to benefit from each other's technology; something that most games do not allow. This does somewhat contradict the game story, but the story is not a central focus of the gameplay.

The main resource in the game, used by both races, is trash. Trash is used as a building material for almost every unit in the game. It must be collected by Dump Trucks or Thralls, which are the collection and building units for humans and mutants respectively. Both of these units are collectively referred to as peons.

There are two other resources in the game, Gas and People. Gas is used as a resource only by humans, while people are as a resource only used by mutants. Gas is gathered by building a refinery on top of a gas site. The refineries in trash, unlike such buildings in other games such as "StarCraft", do not require continuous collection. People are acquired from unarmed huts, and must be collected by thralls.

In addition to that, there are special building sites in the game. Most core buildings can be built without the need of a special site. Such buildings mainly include unit-producing buildings and resource buildings. There are three types of sites in Trash, they are: toxic waste sites, precious metal sites, and gas sites. Every race has upgrades for units or special structures which can only be built on such sites. Destroying a structure built on such a site does not destroy the site however the site can be destroyed by a military unit, unless it is a gas site. Gas sites, however, must be discovered through special detection and are generally rather more scarce than the other sites.

Structures in trash must be connected together by pipe. Pipe is an inexpensive structure that is built together, and forms the basis of logistics in "Trash". Unlike other RTS games where resources seem to magically pop from one place to another where needed, in "Trash" they must travel through pipe. This also applies to technologies which are researched. Technology can be shared with an allied player by constructing a pipe to link your pipe system with your ally's. If the pipe between two bases of the same player is broken, the two bases become effectively isolated, as a result, the resource indicator is divided into two in order to show readings for each base. Then the player can only use the resources available on one pipe network for building on that network, unless the pipe is rebuilt.

Initially the game was dominated by great players such as XBurguer, TratorzinBR, Arkansas & 7FANG. Later on, players like StrontiumDog, FlameOut and Knallie lifted the game up to a whole new level. The last couple of years were dominated by players such as Amenth/Shady (the first and only player making it to the 'Hall of Fame' twice), DaHOOD and Shadow.

Although the game has always had a very close and warm community, the game has barely got any active players during the last couple of years. Many consider the famous '2010' hack, performed by Sebas&Sebas, the main cause for the game's activity going downhill. Important to note is that the game makes a 'summer comeback' every now and then; meaning that a lot of players pop-up to play a couple of games. Often on basis of a Facebook announcement at the official Trash RTS page.

Multiplayer games are organised via a central game lobby, where gamers meet to chat and play games. Unlike most RTS games, "Trash" has a client–server architecture for networking, so people behind a firewall can host games. This also dramatically reduces lag, especially if both players are on dial-up.

The game was given the 2005 Multiplayer Game of the Year award by GameTunnel.



</doc>
<doc id="2252734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2252734" title="War Wind">
War Wind

War Wind is a 1996 real-time strategy game in the vein of "". It was developed by DreamForge Intertainment and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. It runs on Microsoft Windows and used DirectX 2.0. A sequel to "War Wind", titled "", was released by DreamForge and SSI in 1997. Both games were digitally re-released on GOG.com.

Some sites list the release date of War Winds as Aug. 24, 1996 while others say Sept. 30, 1996. The most recent file on a War Wind CD bought in the U.S. in January 1997 was Oct. 10, 1996 (as is the date stated in its version 1.0 README.TXT), but this could have been an updated CD release.

"War Wind" takes place on the world of Yavaun, where four races have co-existed for millennia. The Tha'Roon are the thinkers, leaders and overlords of the planet. They have dominated the other races on the globe. In particular, the Tha'Roon have enslaved the tree-like Eaggra, forcing them to act as their builders and engineers. The Tha'Roon accomplish this through their bullying and domination of the Obblinox, slow-moving but extremely strong silicon lifeforms specialized in cyborgs. Lastly are the reclusive Shama'Li, monk-like practitioners of magic, who desire to unify the four races.

The basic gameplay is very similar to other real-time strategy games such as the Warcraft series. A game starts with a clan leader, and usually some workers and a token defence force. The player must use these workers to build structures and mine for resources. Some unique features differentiate the game from others in the genre. For example, in order to get any combat unit other than mercenaries, a worker must be trained at a particular type of building. In order to receive a higher level combat unit, a lower-level unit must be promoted at a specific facility. Additionally, units can be individually upgraded in a variety of areas such as speed, strength, resilience, stealth, and vision. The purpose for these micro upgrades is to encourage more strategic conflicts, wherein a player must make the most of small numbers of units instead of building a large force and rushing the opponent.

Another unique aspect of "War Wind" is stealth. Many units possess the ability to conceal themselves in different ways. "Masked" units do not appear on the opponent's minimap. "Disguised" units appear as friendly workers to an enemy player. "Hidden" units do not appear on the minimap and look translucent on the main map. "Invisible" units appear on neither the opponent's minimap nor their main map.

Stealth is always broken, regardless of level, when a unit attacks or is attacked. It will not be restored unless the unit remains out of combat for a period of time. Additionally, units with vision upgrades have the ability to see through stealth, and clan leaders can see through stealth without vision upgrades. Certain spells, such as the Shama'Li's Seer or vision quest abilities, will reveal stealthed units. An additional level of stealth can be granted through the Tha'Roon spell MindShield.

As with most real-time strategy games, "War Wind" features a fog of war mechanic. The player can only see within a certain range of their units. Fog of war will conceal any unit completely and also mask any structures built. The fog does not conceal natural land formations, even those that have not been seen yet. There are also trees on the map which prevent units from seeing into them. However, once a unit enters a tree, he can see just as far as he would normally be able to.

"War Wind" is strongly focused on single-player play. The player can choose one of four campaigns (one for each race). Each campaign has seven battles, and advances the story through cut-scenes and in-game dialog. Each race has a notably different goal.

Each race also has different units, structures they can build and radically different abilities. While this became standard for the genre after "StarCraft" (released two years later), in 1996 this was something of an innovation. Earlier games (such as "Dune II") featured different sides with different attributes, but not to the dramatic extent found in "War Wind".

Another innovation for the time is the ability to bring upgraded units from mission to mission. This ability to transfer a modded unit forces players to consider their choices, and put more stock into which modifications are used and keeping that character alive. This is meant to contrast with the typical convention of the genre that a unit can be easily replaced if lost.

The roles are respectively: Clan Leader, Basic Worker, Advanced Worker, Mercenary, Warrior, Advanced Warrior, War Machine, Scout, advanced Scout, mages, and Advanced Mages. Additionally there are Hero Units that do not fall under any one Category and are unique to assorted missions and scenarios.
"War Wind" has unique monsters (sometimes referred to as "critters") that have no affiliation with any of the four selectable races. Generally, monsters will only attack when they are attacked first or they are "touched" by an adjacent unit controlled by the computer or the player.


The game was a finalist for "Computer Gaming World"s and CNET Gamecenter's 1996 "Strategy Game of the Year" awards, both of which ultimately went to "Civilization II". Gamecenter's editors called it "easily the deepest real-time game to date."


</doc>
<doc id="2253388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2253388" title="Die Hard Trilogy">
Die Hard Trilogy

Die Hard Trilogy is a video game based on the first three installments of the "Die Hard" series of action movies. "Die Hard Trilogy" features three games in one, each based on a movie installment and featuring a different genre and gameplay style. The game was well received and would eventually become a PlayStation Greatest Hits and PlayStation Platinum game. "Die Hard Trilogy" also inspired a sequel entitled "". The sequel retained the three different playing styles, but featured a spin-off storyline that was not connected to the movie series.

"Die Hard" is a third-person shooter. The player battles terrorists and rescues hostages in the Nakatomi Plaza, which is the setting of the first film in the series.

"Die Hard 2: Die Harder" is presented as an on rails-shooter, where the player must stop terrorists who have taken over Dulles Airport from the second film.

Players control the crosshair with a gamepad, light gun, or mouse. "Die Hard Trilogy" was one of the few light gun games available for the PlayStation that was not compatible with Namco's GunCon/G-Con 45 controller or GunCon 2. However, it was compatible with Sega's Stunner light gun for the Saturn version.

In "Die Hard with a Vengeance", the player goes on a joyride driving a taxicab, sports car, and dump truck throughout all of New York City and is tasked with finding and defusing several explosives before they can go off.

The game was developed by a UK-based development studio, Probe Entertainment. The "Die Hard with a Vengeance" segment was developed first and was intended to be a standalone release, but publisher Fox Interactive insisted that the game should be more closely linked to the films, leading Probe to develop the other two segments. Initially the "Die Hard 2" segment of the game was developed with polygonal enemies, but they were later replaced with digitized sprites. For the "Die Hard with a Vengeance" segment, the team had wanted to use an authentic recreation of New York City, but found that when driving at 200 miles per hour, an accurate model of NYC felt too small and confining.

The PlayStation was chosen as the lead platform because lead programmer Simon Pick strongly felt that it was the most powerful format of the time. In particular, he reasoned that the Saturn and PC versions would come out better if the programmers were trying to emulate impressive graphical effects on an extant PlayStation version than if they were designing the game around the hardware limitations of the Saturn. Pick elaborated on how the team intended to optimize the game for Saturn: 

"Die Hard Trilogy" was a commercial hit, with sales above 2 million units by March 2000.

The PlayStation version was positively reviewed. As of June 2017, it holds an 86% ranking at GameRankings. Most critics considered the high value-for-money of getting three games in one to be "Die Hard Trilogy"s strongest point. A few even stated that none of the three component games were good enough to stand on their own, but the variety offered by the collection as a whole makes it exceptionally entertaining. However, the majority commented that all three component games are outstanding even on their own terms. "GamePro"s Scary Larry presented a dissenting opinion; while he highly praised the game's addictive quality and sound effects, he argued that the three segments are ultimately just rehashes of (respectively) "Resident Evil", "Virtua Cop", and "Twisted Metal". The most common criticism was that the Die Harder segment requires the Konami light gun to be enjoyable, since the cursor when using the standard controller is slow and difficult to move. The first segment of the game was particularly praised for its deep challenge, requiring players to out-think the enemy.

"Die Hard Trilogy" was a finalist for the Computer Game Developers Conference's 1996 "Best Adaptation of Linear Media" Spotlight Award, but lost the prize to "I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream". However, "Electronic Gaming Monthly" editors named it Action Game of the Year.

The Saturn port also received mostly positive reviews, though it was often compared unfavorably to the PlayStation original. "GamePro"s The Rookie said the graphics are not as sharp as the PlayStation version's, especially in the "Die Harder" segment, but the gameplay is addictive enough to make this relatively unimportant. Josh Smith stated in "GameSpot" that the sluggish controls and poor graphics, especially as compared to the PlayStation version, make the first two segments of the game nearly unplayable, since lining up shots in time is awkward and frustrating. However, he said that in the third segment the animation is actually better than the PlayStation version's, and that the fast pace and black humor of this segment make it worth buying "Die Hard Trilogy" all by itself. Paul Glancey of "Sega Saturn Magazine" summarized, "Often when you see compilations like this there's ... one section that stands out as the one that the programmers thought of first and lavished the most attention on, but all three sections of "Die Hard Trilogy" have their fair share of thrills, great visuals and clever ideas."

In Germany, the game was banned because of its extreme violence, especially being able to drive through harmless people with blood spilling all over the windshield.


</doc>
<doc id="2255441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2255441" title="World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade">
World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade

World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade is the first expansion set for the MMORPG "World of Warcraft". It was released on January 16, 2007 at local midnight in Europe and North America, selling nearly 2.4 million copies on release day alone and making it, at the time, the fastest-selling PC game released at that point. Approximately 3.53 million copies were sold in the first month of release, including 1.9 million in North America, over 100,000 copies in Australasia, and nearly 1.6 million in Europe. 

Two new playable races were added to "World of Warcraft" in "The Burning Crusade": the Draenei of the Alliance and the Blood Elves of the Horde. Previously, the shaman class was exclusive to the Horde faction (available to the orc, troll and tauren races), and the paladin class was exclusive to the Alliance faction (available to the human and dwarf races); with the new races, the expansion allowed players to be a Draenei shaman (Alliance), and a Blood Elf paladin (Horde). The level cap was raised by ten, making it 70 (up from 60, established in the original World of Warcraft) in addition to that; a whole new planet, Outland, was released, with associated quests, dungeons, raids, zones, creatures, and cities.

In Player versus Player (PvP), a new battleground, Eye of the Storm was introduced with two brackets: one for characters between levels 61-69, and another for level 70 characters. Although this battleground was designed for level 70 characters, players are unable to summon flying mounts in this battleground. The Eye of the Storm battleground is only available to those with the expansion.

In addition, a new PvP Arena System was introduced as a way for players to fight in 2 vs 2, 3 vs 3, or 5 vs 5 death-match style battles. While the arena system allowed players without "The Burning Crusade" expansion to partake in skirmish matches, those without the expansion were unable to participate in rated matches, which yield rewards based on a point system. Ladder matches were only accessible by players who have reached level 70. Three arena stages were introduced in The Burning Crusade expansion, including The Ruins of Lordaeron in the Undercity, The Circle of Blood in Blade's Edge Mountains, and the Ring of Trials in Nagrand.
Arena matches have taken a more prominent role in World of Warcraft's PvP content, and have developed into an electronic sport. One example of Arena matches as an electronic sport was the World Series of Video Games in 2007, where player teams competed in 3 vs 3 matches to earn cash prizes. Blizzard also holds its own seasonal tournament, the World of Warcraft Arena Tournament, which pitches teams from servers all around the world against each other. This tournament concludes with a 5v5 world final event, the first of which took place at BlizzCon ’07 and so ended season 1.

Additional "outdoor" PvP objectives were implemented, which are different for each zone in which they are located. Most of these outdoor PvP objectives involve "capturing" key points to reward players of the same faction in the area, usually with a temporary buff that adds a damage boost to player attacks or increases the rate players gain experience or faction points while the players are in the zone. For example, Terokkar Forest's PvP contest involves players standing near towers in order to capture them while defending the towers in PvP combat with players of the opposite faction that try to capture the objective. Other examples include Halaa in Nagrand and the Hellfire Fortifications in Hellfire Peninsula, where players compete for control to unlock quest and vendor access or gain factional reputation for rewards.

There are two new races in this expansion: the Blood Elves for the Horde and the Draenei for the Alliance.

The Blood Elves (Sin'dorei, meaning "Children of the Blood") are former High Elves that have been removed from the Alliance. In the Third War, the Undead Scourge invaded and destroyed their home of Quel'Thalas to destroy the Sunwell, the high elven source of magic. Without it, many high elves became frail and weak, and in their desperation, turned to fel (demonic) magic to sate their cravings. They then called themselves Blood Elves, in honor of their fallen kin. However, their addiction cost them their Human allies, and have instead joined the Horde in an effort to survive.

Blood Elves can be played as hunters, warlocks, priests, paladins, rogues, and mages.

The Draenei ("exiled ones" in their native tongue), originally called the Eredar, have an extensive history, spanning several thousand years. 25,000 years ago, the dark Titan Sargeras approached the three Eredar leaders, Archimonde, Kil'jaeden, and Velen, promising them untold power in exchange for their loyalty. However, the prophet Velen foresaw the destruction that they would cause under Sargeras, and gathered those who believed him and fled their homeworld with the help of the Naaru. Kil'jaeden and Archimonde, however, succumbed to Sargeras' promise of infinite power. After flying from world to world, Velen and his refugees ended up in Draenor, or what is known today as Outland, where they had a tenuous pact with the native orcs. Eventually, the Orcs began to follow Kil'jaeden and started using shadow and fel magics. Kil'jaeden had persuaded the Orcs into the complete annihilation of the Draenei. The few that survived fled again on their ship, The Exodar, and crash landed on Azeroth, where they were welcomed into the Alliance for their devout faith in the light.

The Draenei can be played as warriors, paladins, priests, shamans, hunters, and mages.

The expansion's name refers to the return of the "Burning Legion"; a vast army of demons being one of the main, recurring antagonist forces in the Warcraft-universe and whose last invasion was defeated in "". This legion and its allies are the main enemy which players will fight against in "The Burning Crusade". In addition to some new areas on Azeroth, this expansion mainly features the ravaged world of Outland which the Burning Legion and other powerful beings control.

The Doom Lord Kazzak reopened the Dark Portal to Outland, flooding Azeroth with the ravenous demons of the Burning Legion. Expeditions from the Horde and Alliance, reinforced by their new blood elf and draenei allies, passed through the gateway to stop the invasion at its source. On Outland's desiccated Hellfire Peninsula, the Alliance discovered several of their heroes who had crossed through the portal many years before, while the Horde made contact with the Mag'har (uncorrupted) orcs who had not participated in their race's original invasion of Azeroth. The expedition into Outland dragged Horde and Alliance armies further into conflict with the agents of the Legion and the lieutenants of Illidan Stormrage, who had claimed the shattered realm for his own.

In his quest to reign over all of Outland, Illidan the Betrayer had established a mighty stronghold for his forces within the Black Temple, a former draenei citadel. Yet his influence began to wane after the defeat of his most trusted lieutenants, including the ruler of the Illidari Naga, Lady Vashj, and the traitorous former leader of the blood elves, Kael'thas Sunstrider. The resulting window of opportunity permitted Akama, an elder sage of devolved draenei known as the Broken, to rebel against the self-styled "Lord of Outland." Along with Illidan's former jailor, the obsessed night elf Maiev Shadowsong, Akama helped a group of heroes infiltrate Illidan's seat of power and put an end to the Betrayer's reign once and for all.

Following years of battles alongside the old Horde, the troll warlord Zul'jin retired to the city of Zul'Aman, capital of the Amani trolls, where he called upon mysterious dark powers to rebuild his army. While the eyes of Azeroth focused on the fight against the Burning Legion and the expedition to Outland, treasure-seekers invaded Zul'Aman, rekindling Zul'jin's hatred of the outside world—particularly the high elves of Quel'Thalas. Upon hearing that these newly christened "blood elves" had become part of the Horde in his absence, the infuriated Zul'jin declared war on both Horde and Alliance. To gain the upper hand, Zul'jin attempts to awaken ancient animal gods to harness their power, but is slain by a group of heroes before his plans can come to fruition.

Fresh from his defeat in Outland, Kael'thas Sunstrider returned to the blood elf city of Silvermoon. Rather than lead his people to glory as he had promised, the disgraced prince betrayed them. Kael'thas plotted to use the legendary Sunwell, source of the blood elves' magical power, to summon the demon lord Kil'jaeden into Azeroth. Aided by a joint task force of blood elves and draenei, the Shattered Sun Offensive, Horde and Alliance heroes, with the help of a dragon Kalecgos and the Sunwell's mortal form, Anveena; narrowly stopped both Kael'thas and Kil'jaeden, though Anveena sacrifices herself in the process. The draenei prophet Velen then uses the naaru M'uru's energy to reignite and purify the Sunwell.

Release was staggered by timezone, with players queuing outside more than 5000 brick and mortar game stores around the world as midnight approached in their local timezone. The game was released in North America, Europe, Singapore, Thailand, and Malaysia on January 16, 2007. It was released in Australasia one day later on January 17, 2007. It was later released in South Korea on February 1, 2007; in Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau on April 30, 2007. The game was released in mainland China on September 6, 2007. 

On June 28, 2011, Blizzard included the Burning Crusade expansion to all players who purchase the base game. On July 17, 2018 with the pre-patch to , Blizzard included all expansions except the latest to all players who subscribe.

Blizzard made a number of errors during the distribution of "World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade" in Europe. One such error was the failure to register the Collector's Edition for in-game rewards. As such, players who purchased the Collector's Edition of the game would have to send numerous proofs of purchase to Blizzard by postal mail in order to redeem their in-game awards. To compensate for the additional trouble, as well encouraging players to send in proof, Blizzard sent these players an exclusive in-game pet not found in other regions.

Only 1,600 copies were delivered to Romania, which had more than 10,000 "World of Warcraft" subscribers at the time.

The Collector's Edition of "World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade" included an audio CD of the soundtrack including 21 tracks of the orchestrally recorded music, composed by Russell Brower, Derek Duke, Matt Uelmen, and Neal Acree with additional music by Brian David Farr and David Arkenstone. The soundtrack was also subsequently released for purchase through online sources, such as Apple's iTunes Store.

"The Burning Crusade" received almost universal praise from critics upon release.

The specially designed new starter areas met a mixed reception from critics. On the one hand, they were felt to give a strong new perspective to existing players or a solid introduction to the game to new players. The arrangement of quests and content in these areas was felt to be more finely tuned than for existing races, with players unlikely to face grinding in order to progress and an interesting backstory being gradually revealed. It was felt that Blizzard had learned from the release of the original game, with the new content being varied without becoming overwhelming to new players, and new concepts being gradually introduced. On the other hand, reviewers felt that the new starter areas were poorly integrated with the existing world, leaving them feeling "tacked on." They were also disappointed that the new areas had a definite finish, beyond which a player would have to switch back to older content in order to progress their character. This progression didn't feel as smooth to reviewers when compared to the movement between zones for new characters from the older starting areas. The experience was also felt to be short-lived, with players being able to progress through these new areas with a couple of days' play without any new introductory dungeons to explore. It was also felt that these changes didn't address existing problems, such as the travel time between quest locations.

Like in the original, the scenery of "The Burning Crusade" was highly praised, being described as "occasionally breathtaking," The introductory video to the expansion was described as "hugely impressive." It was generally felt that the new Outland areas were some of the best in the game, with the size of the new areas introduced being similar to the total size of other existing games in the genre. The new starting areas were also liked, with reviewers appreciating the attention to detail in these zones. Building architecture, scenery and creatures were all singled out for mention, despite some disappointment that buildings and creatures from the original game had been "rubber stamped" into these new locations. The uniqueness of each zone, from scorched plateaus to lush forests were praised, each area being described as having its own unique feel. The various small features, such as mechanical settlements or abandoned temples were also well liked. Players were advised that they would spend a large amount of time "just staring at the scenery" in these new locations. That said, it was felt that the game was starting to show its age, with careful use of texture and lighting techniques disguising a basic underlying geometry. This was thought to follow on from the strategy in the original game, where strong art direction and careful choice of color helped to compensate for a simpler game engine, describing it as a "testament of art over technology."

The orchestral music was well received, being described as providing a "constantly changing backdrop." The new score was felt to mesh well with the original, while still providing occasional "fresh twists." The soundtracks to each of the two new starting areas were particularly praised. Reviewers were generally positive about the voice acting in the game.
"World of Warcraft: The Burning Crusade" was the best-selling PC game of 2007 in North America and Europe, and it is also the third fastest-selling PC game of all time (behind Wrath of The Lich King and Cataclysm), selling nearly 2.4 million copies in its first 24 hours and approximately 3.5 million in its first month. It received a "Platinum" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 300,000 copies in the United Kingdom.



</doc>
<doc id="2257134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2257134" title="Microsoft Arcade">
Microsoft Arcade

Microsoft Arcade is a series of classic arcade game compilations.

The first compilation was released in 1993 on a single 1.44MB floppy for both Microsoft Windows 3.1 and the Apple Macintosh. It contained versions of the following arcade games by Atari:
Although the games were very similar to the original games in both appearance and gameplay, they were newly written versions, not ports of the original arcade game code. Each game allowed certain customizations not available in the original arcade game, "i.e." the number of lives and bonus levels. The Microsoft Help files included with the games contained history of the development of the original arcade versions of the games.

Two follow up versions were released, including the arcade games from Bandai Namco. The first was Microsoft Return of Arcade, released in April 1996.
This compilation contains:

In 2000, to celebrate "Pac-Man"s 20th anniversary, Microsoft re-released "Return of Arcade" and added "Ms. Pac-Man" (as presented in "Revenge of Arcade") to the roster of games. None of the other games from "Revenge of Arcade" were included. This updated package was called Microsoft Return of Arcade: Anniversary Edition.

The second follow-up, released in 1998, was called Microsoft Revenge of Arcade and contained:
Officially, both of these follow-ups required Windows 95 or later, though the demo for "Return of Arcade" is a 16-bit program that requires only WinG to run in Windows 3.1. This game will not work on 64-bit versions of Windows.

"Computer Gaming World" in 1993 stated that "Microsoft Arcade"s adaptation of the five games was "nearly flawless". It favorably cited the many hints and strategies included in WinHelp files for the games, and the boss key. The magazine liked "Battlezone" the most out of the five games in "Microsoft Arcade", but stated that "it's been done better since" by games like "Spectre". Despite finding that the games were "made obsolete by technology", it predicted that "Arcade" would be very successful because of nostalgia, and wished that Microsoft would have updated the games with modern graphics and gameplay. "Microsoft Arcade" was named the best computer arcade game of 1993 by "Computer Games Strategy Plus".

In the United States, "Return of Arcade" debuted in position 16 on PC Data's computer game sales rankings for April 1996. It rose to 10th place the following month, and continued to chart in the top 10 through August, peaking at #5. The game's streak in the top 20 held through November, but ended with a fall from the charts in December. According to PC Data, "Return of Arcade" was the eighth-best-selling computer game in the United States for 1996 overall, after claiming 16th in the rankings for the first half of the year. PC Data reported the game's sales at 335,176 units that year, which earned revenues of $9.5 million.




</doc>
<doc id="2257770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2257770" title="Batman: Vengeance">
Batman: Vengeance

Batman: Vengeance is a 2001 video game based on the superhero of the same name, that was released on all major platforms of the sixth generation of console games. It was developed and published by Ubi Soft in conjunction with Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and DC Comics.

The game is based on the television series "The New Batman Adventures", itself a successor to the acclaimed "". The game's plot revolves around Batman investigating the mysterious circumstances of the apparent death of his arch-nemesis, the Joker, but he soon finds himself entangled in a web of his other villains' schemes, like Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy, all while trying to stop the Joker's plan to destroy Gotham City, who might not be dead after all.

Based on most of the game's character designs and appearances, "Batman Vengeance" would seem to take place after the conclusion of "", but before the start of "The New Batman Adventures". Plot points that support this include Mr. Freeze still posing as a threat (as his appearance in "The New Batman Adventures" episode "Cold Comfort" was the last time he was seen prior to "Batman Beyond"), as well as the fact that Batgirl is the Dark Knight's only active sidekick in the game.

Batman by this point is well established as the guardian of Gotham City, with the game sharing the voice cast, production design, and continuity of the DC animated universe. During the course of the game, Batman is monitored and assisted by Batgirl in the Batcave.

While looking over Gotham City, Batman spots a tied up woman on the roof of the Gotham Chemicals building and rescues her from a bomb planted by the Joker. After taking the unconscious woman to safety, Batman learns from a card in her pocket that her name is Mary Flynn, and from a letter left by the Joker for him that the former has kidnapped Mary's son, Toby, and is holding him for ransom, threatening to kill him if Mary does not pay up soon. Returning to the Batcave, Batman tasks his sidekick Batgirl with looking up more info on Mary Flynn, while he enters the training room to do same practice (which serves as a tutorial for the player, teaching them about the game's combat and Batman's various gadgets, all while they are guided by Batman's butler Alfred). Afterwards, Batman returns to Batgirl, who has found no files on Mary Flynn or Toby whatsoever, except the location of Mary's apartment. Batmans arrives at the apartment, only to witness Mary being kidnapped once again by the Joker's goons, but he chases them across several rooftops and eventually defeats them, rescuing Mary, whom he then leaves a transmitter that allows him to track her, if she ever runs into trouble again. 

Later that night, Batman uses the transmitter to track Mary at a partially demolished Gotham bridge, where he battles more of the Joker's goons and finally confronts the Clown Prince of Crime, as well as Mary, who reveals herself to be the Joker's companion Harley Quinn; Toby was never real and the abduction was merely a farce to lure Batman into a trap. Batman battles the Joker and emerges victorious, throwing the villain off the bridge. However, when he tries to save him, the Joker refuses his help and instead electrocutes Batman with his joy buzzer, while he falls to his apparent death. A distraught Harley attempts to commit suicide, but Batman saves her and then allows her to leave, as he still has the transmitter that allows him to monitor her activities; believing that the Joker is still alive, Batman considers Harley his only opportunity to learn more of the Clown Prince of Crime's true plans, thus making her a more valuable asset on the outside than she would be in prison.

Sometime later, as Batman and Batgirl continue to keep tabs over Harley, they are alerted to an attack by Mr. Freeze on a scientist named Isaac Evers at Gotham Industrial Research, as Freeze has recently received a tape with a promotional video for Promethium, a drug created by Evers to treat cryogenically frozen people, such as Freeze and his wife, Nora; Freeze has apparently used the drug on himself and Nora before, but to no avail, which infuriated Freeze, and now he plans to kill Evers, believing that he intentionally sent the tape to taunt him. Arriving at the Gotham Industrial Research complex, Batman battles his way through Freeze's goons and eventually confronts Mr. Freeze, but he summons his remaining goons to fight Batman, while he abducts Evers and escapes the complex in a helicopter. After defeating Freeze's goons and escaping from an ice block that the villain trapped him in, Batman gives chase in the Batwing, but Freeze throws Evers out of the helicopter, forcing Batman to save him, while Freeze escapes. After saving Evers, he explains his work and what Freeze was after, before lying to Batman that the source of his funding originates from a grant supplied by the Wayne foundation. Knowing this to be a lie (as his alter-ego is Bruce Wayne, the CEO of Wayne Enterprises), Batman tells Evers to go into hiding, while he returns to the Batcave to learn more about the real source of Evers' financial backing. Unable to access Evers' financial records remotely, Batgirl suggests Batman to return to Gotham Industrial and hack into its data center. 

Once there, Batman discovers that Mr. Freeze and his goons have returned as well, to find and abduct Evers again, and have hacked the complex's security system, while also planting several bombs through the building. Thus, Batman is forced to quickly make his way through the hacked security system and gain access to the data center, where he hacks three data hubs, allowing Batgirl to download Evers' files. As Batman travels through the rest of the complex, battling Freeze's goons and trying to find Evers before the villain does, Batgirl updates him on the info recovered from Evers' files: the scientist had his funding pulled about a year ago, due to Promethium being far too unstable, as it contains several flammable particles; Evers was able to successfully continue in his research after receiving funding from the Joker, with every rise in Evers' budget coinciding with a successful bank heist of Joker's doing, implying that the villain had plans of his own for the drug. Batman eventually confronts Mr. Freeze, who is still searching for Evers, and defeats him, but his armor gets severely damaged and Freeze's body begins to overheat, forcing Batman to encase him in an ice block with his own freeze gun, to save his life.

Meanwhile, Batgirl is tracking down Harley using the transmitter but finds only Hamilton Hill, the mayor of Gotham, buying a package from a mysterious masked individual at the train station. Elsewhere, an unseen individual leaves Poison Ivy a vial of a mysterious green substance. Batgirl informs Batman of what she has seen and then boards the train to catch the masked individual, but he attacks her, forcing Batman to follow the train in the Batmobile and then board it himself, to rescue Batgirl. After fighting his way through several human-plant hybrid creatures, Batman rescues Batgirl, but the individual gets away in a stolen car, so Batman gives chase in the Batmobile. The individual eventually crashes off the road, but he manages to escape. While investigating the scene of the crash, Batman and Batgirl find an apple belonging to Poison Ivy, implying that Harley has intentionally used the transmitter to lead them to another villain's scheme. At the Batcave, Batgirl analyzes the apple and discovers that it is invested with a special mutated worm, while Batman tracks down Mayor Hill to the ruins of Gotham Chemicals. Once there, Batman finds the entire place infested with mutated plants and more humanoid plant creatures, which he battles, and eventually finds Hill, from whom he then learns about Poison Ivy's plan: the chemical that she received from an unknown source holds unique particles that, when exposed to any type of plant life, transforms plants into sentient and vicious creatures; deciding to use this to her advantage, Ivy created several "upgraded" plants with the help of this chemical, and then put them inside various politicians and businessmen, including Hill, through apples and other foods, so that she could subsequently blackmail them for money, power, and even environmental donations, otherwise she wouldn't give them the "food" necessary to prevent the plants from consuming them on the inside (which was what Hill was buying earlier from the masked individual). 

After learning of Ivy's scheme, Batman is suddenly attacked by the same masked individual - revealed to be a superior version of Ivy's humanoid plant creatures - but he manages to defeat him and throws him into an acid tank down below. Afterwards, Batman is informed by Batgirl that Ivy learned about the origin of the chemical at Gotham Chemicals and had her plants begin rebuilding the complex, so that she could create more of the antidote for the people infected with her plants, to make sure that they follow through on their deals, but Harley has alerted Batman towards Ivy's activities, to stop her from going too far with her schemes. Batman eventually confronts Poison Ivy, just as Hill was about to buy a vial of the antidote from her, and she summons a massive plant monster to kill the Dark Knight, but he manages to kill it, alongside the rest of Ivy's plants, by electrocuting them, after learning of the plants' weakness from Batgirl. With Ivy defeated, Batman obtains the antidote and gives it to Mayor Hill, to use it on himself and the rest of the victims of Ivy's schemes.

Batman returns to the Batcave, severely injured, where he proceeds to explain to Batgirl what has happened: after apprehending Poison Ivy and exiting the ruins of Gotham Chemicals, Batman spotted some of the Joker's goons hijacking a blimp, and decided to go and speak with Harley, who seemingly gave up her life of crime following the Joker's death. She informed him that, with the Joker gone, some of his men were still operating on their own and left with some of the Joker's "toys" and the blueprints to the historic Gotham Gasworks. Arriving there, Batman discovered that the Joker's men were sending his flammable toys into the pipe network, which lead throughout the entire city, and opened the gates to the sprinkler system to flood the complex's pipes, in order to stop the toys. After defeating the Joker's goons, Batman found a tied up Isaac Evers, the apparent mastermind behind the Gasworks plot, who claimed that he only wanted to burn down Gotham Industrial in order to collect on the insurance money, as he couldn't collect on the damage left by Mr. Freeze without revealing his financial backers, particularly the Joker. With the Joker having funded the research with filthy lucre, Evers would be arrested for criminal facilitation and conspiracy if he revealed his affiliation with the notorious criminal and resorted to hiring the Joker's goons and using his equipment in order to throw the cops off his trail after burning down his business, but the gang eventually turned on him, tied him up, and embarked on their own agenda of sending the toys throughout the city. Afterwards, Batman took the tied up Evers to Commissioner Gordon and the police, who were waiting for him outside, but Gordon was suddenly hit by a Batarang and Batman was framed for the incident. Hunted by the police, Batman barely managed to escape from them after a long chase across the rooftops and through several buildings, as well as destroying a police helicopter; and was picked up by Batgirl in the Batmobile, who returned with him to the Batcave.

With the police now after him, Batman's investigations shift towards discovering who has framed him and how everything that has occurred since the Joker's death is connected. He ultimately decides to investigate the Joker's old hideout at the Funnibose Warehouse, hoping to find Harley or any other useful information, and disguises himself, to avoid police attention. At the warehouse, Batman finds it still swarming with the Joker's toys and goons, but no sign of Harley. However, he comes across a knife that the Joker was holding the night he fell from the bridge, confirming that the Joker is still alive. 

Returning to the Batcave, Batman realizes that, with the Joker's plans occurring over such a long period of time, his end goal is massive and threatens to destroy the entire city, while Batgirl tracks the blimp stolen earlier by the Joker's goons to Gotham Gasworks. Once Batman arrives there, the Joker finally resurfaces on the roof of the building, joined by his gang, and reveals that he was behind the entire crime wave that occurred after faking his death, by subtly manipulating the other villains and using Isaac Evers' research, having worked with the scientist and funded all his experiments and operations through his ill-conceived fortune, to produce large quantities of the highly flammable Promethium; weeks earlier, the Joker had arranged the fake kidnapping scheme to fake his own death in order to reside in the shadows and out of the police and Batman's scope, while he manipulated the other villains: he was the one who sent Mr. Freeze the promotional tape on Promethium to provoke him into attacking Evers' lair, so that his men could convince Evers to hire their services in an insurance scam with the use of Gotham Gasworks; he also gave Poison Ivy the plant enhancement chemical and used her schemes to his advantage, as Ivy rebuilding Gotham Chemicals allowed him to later mass-produce his own signature Joker toxin in a quiet fashion, without Batman noticing; and finally, he also used Harley to relay false information to Batman, to send him deeper into his plot at the Gasworks and ultimately frame him for attacking Commissioner Gordon. Using Evers as a scapegoat for the earlier Gasworks scheme, the Joker reveals that he manipulated Batman into opening up the pipes to the sprinkler system, which the Joker now plans to pump with his Joker toxin, mixed with Evers' altered drug to make it highly flammable, all over the city through a feed tube connected to the previously stolen blimp, now filled with the deadly compound, and burn the city to the ground, while its citizens choke to death on their own laughter. The Joker's ultimate "joke" is that Gotham would be completely destroyed, with the punchline being that Batman has been unknowingly manipulated all along to aid the Joker's plans. 

Having revealed his plan to Batman, the Joker prepares to escape in the blimp and watch Gotham from above as it becomes engulfed in flames and toxin, leaving behind Harley and several of his goons to slow the Dark Knight down. As the Joker boards his blimp, Batman battles his goons and manages to shut down the gas flow, before confronting Harley and one of the Joker's lieutenants, armed with a jetpack, explosives and flamethrowers. After defeating the lieutant and subduing Harley, Batman manages to board the Joker's blimp just in time before it takes off, where he successfully stops the flow of Promethium and Joker toxin in the sprinkler system. However, the Joker has a backup plan and prepares to use the remaining compound stored in the blimp to destroy the city by setting the blimp on a collision course with the heart of Gotham, the City Hall, to explosively release the compound into the air. Nevertheless, Batman deteriorates the gas and disables the auto-pilot, after solving a mechanism created by the Ace of Knaves to protect the auto-pilot controls, before destroying the blimp and defeating the Joker, saving him for falling to his death, and thus foiling his plans for good.

In the aftermath, Mr. Freeze, Poison Ivy, Harley, and the Joker are all locked up in Arkham Asylum, while Commissioner Gordon calls Batman to thank him for saving the city and apologize for sending the police after him, as they have found Harley's fingerprints on the Batarang that hit him. As Gordon wonders how Batman has figured out that the Joker was alive from the beginning, the Dark Knight disappears and retreats to look out over the city, when the Bat-Signal ignites behind him.

"Vengeance" took environmental and character designs from "The New Batman Adventures", and starred most of the main voice cast from both it and its predecessor, "Batman: The Animated Series". The voice cast includes Kevin Conroy as Batman, Mark Hamill as the Joker, Tara Strong as Batgirl, Diane Pershing as Poison Ivy, Michael Ansara as Mr. Freeze, Efrem Zimbalist, Jr. as Alfred Pennyworth, Arleen Sorkin as Harley Quinn, Bob Hastings as Commissioner Gordon, and Lloyd Bochner as Mayor Hill.

By the end of 2001, sales of "Batman: Vengeance" had surpassed 540,000 units. Its sales surpassed 670,000 copies by the end of March 2002.

"Batman Vengeance" received average reviews from critics and fans alike. The game's praise mainly went towards the voice acting, story, and cinematic cutscenes. There was criticism for the first person mode, which limited player's abilities in-game. The PC version drew a lot of mixed or negative reviews due to complex and sometimes confusing controls.

The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "Batman: Vengeance" for its 2001 "Outstanding Achievement in Original Musical Composition" award, which ultimately went to "Tropico".




</doc>
<doc id="2261019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2261019" title="Romance of the Three Kingdoms X">
Romance of the Three Kingdoms X

Romance of the Three Kingdoms X, also known as Sangokushi X (三國志X) in Japan, is the 10th installment in the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" ("Sangokushi") strategy game series by Koei. It was originally released in the summer of 2004 and the PUK expansion was released several months afterwards. "Sangokushi X" abandoned many of "Sangokushi IX"'s concepts and favors elements from "Sangokushi VII" and "Sangokushi VIII", as well as "Taikou Risshiden", which are in RPG format.

There was also a special edition titled "Anniversary Box", which included walkthrough, history book, soundtrack and desk calendar.

The overall objective of the game is to re-unify China. The player takes on the role of a historical figure from the novel "Romance of the Three Kingdoms", referred to as an officer, to achieve this goal. There is also a function to create original characters.

The flow of gameplay is more similar to "Sangokushi VIII" than to "Sangokushi IX", with the player having several possible ranks besides a ruler, each of which alters the players' options considerably. Ranks are fluid during gameplay; while a player's choice of officer initially sets rank, it is common to be promoted, demoted, captured, or even to rebel and form a new force.

In the North American version, the game is only single player.

There are seven starting scenarios, with four more added in the Power up kit.

Power up kit adds following:


Scenario editor 1.00 adds the following:

The Power up kit features are incorporated into the re-released PlayStation 2 game (never brought outside Japan or Taiwan), except only 3 of the 4 extra scenarios are available.



</doc>
<doc id="2261555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2261555" title="Society (video game)">
Society (video game)

Society is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game in development by Stardock. It is to be initially released on their online distribution service, Impulse for free. First announced in 2005, development progress was slow in the coming years, and by February 2009, the game's development was placed on-hold in favor of wrapping up another of the company's games, "". Upon its release in August 2010, development was restarted in January 2011, though the company has been quiet on the game's status since.

"Society" plays as a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy. The game starts with the player obtaining a single province, of which 50,000 exist on a single server. From there, the player must build up their province, creating buildings, schools, factories, and other infrastructure necessary for a subset of people to exist. Upon the creation of a successful province, the player must decide on how to interact with all of the other provinces, many of which are other player's provinces, whether it be forcefully taking them over through war, or using diplomacy to forge cooperation between provinces. The game's world exists in a continual 24-hour world that never stops; progress in the game continues even when the player is away. Artificial intelligence will take over and defend a province when the player is not present. To avoid having players return to the game with their empire entirely destroyed, only 1/4 of a player's provinces may be contested during any one day, and players can band together into empires to take over the defence of each other's provinces, fighting on one another's behalf.

The game was first announced by Stardock in May 2005, with the company featuring the game as an upcoming title the next month at E3 2005 as well. There, Stardock stated that, while there was no firm release date, they loosely were shooting for a timetable that included an alpha release by the end of the year, a lengthy "World of Warcraft"-like beta release by late 2006, and a likely release in 2007. Development was announced to be led by Paul Kerchen, who had previously worked for Maxis on "Simcity 3000" and "Simsville". The game was also announced to be free to play, a concept that was much more rare in 2005, before the boom of mobile gaming.

Development on the game proved to be difficult and slow in the following years. The team worked on the game throughout 2005 and early 2006, with the goal of having footage to be shown by June 2006 at E3 2006. Unfortunately, the team missed this goal, with progress slowing further as the development team was understaffed, and working on wrapping up production on "Galactic Civilizations II" and its subsequent expansion packs. Stardock was quiet about the project until 2009, where the company stated they would refocus their development on the game after they shipped their next title "". After said game's release in 2010, in February 2011, Stardock announced that "Society" was experiencing funding issues, but that the company was searching for ways to address the problem through the expanding of their business units and finding partners to work on it as well.



</doc>
<doc id="2268461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2268461" title="Mordor: The Depths of Dejenol">
Mordor: The Depths of Dejenol

Mordor: The Depths of Dejenol is a role-playing video game released in 1995 for Microsoft Windows. It was game designer David Allen's first release. Mordor inspired a sequel, "", released in 2000.

Despite its name, the game is not set in the "Mordor" realm of Middle-earth created by J. R. R. Tolkien. The game has an original backstory, largely confined to its documentation.

The game consists of a 15-level dungeon containing hundreds of different monster types and items. Much like other role-playing games, players must develop their characters by fighting these monsters and gaining new equipment, gradually getting powerful enough to survive lower levels. Characters can play as several races like "Dwarf", "Elf", "Gnome", and "Giant" while advancing in each of several guilds, including "Warrior", "Sorcerer", "Healer", "Thief", "Seeker", "Mage", "Wizard" and "Paladin".

On the lowest level of the dungeon resides the "Prince of Devils". Defeating this monster can be considered "winning the game", although the game does not end and continues to be playable (and challenging) long after. The game also offers replay value through new character/guild combinations and community-devised challenges and competitions.

Allen designed "Mordor" after a late-1970s multi-user dungeon game named "Avatar", which ran on the PLATO system developed by the University of Illinois. Unlike "Avatar", "Mordor" offers single-user play only, although players can run several characters in the dungeon concurrently, and control up to four characters simultaneously in a single party.

A reviewer for "Next Generation" praised the easy accessibility of character info, but condemned the game for its lack of story and puzzles, saying that the absence of these elements make it "just not fun." He scored it two out of five stars.



</doc>
<doc id="2269805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2269805" title="Nancy Drew: The Haunted Carousel">
Nancy Drew: The Haunted Carousel

The Haunted Carousel is the eighth installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive. The game is available for play on Microsoft Windows platforms. It has an ESRB rating of E for moments of mild violence and peril. Players take on the first-person view of fictional amateur sleuth Nancy Drew and must solve the mystery through interrogation of suspects, solving puzzles, and discovering clues. 

The game was released in August 2003. Upon its release, the game elicited favorable reviews from gaming critics, who commended its graphics and plot. During 2003, the game sold more than 48,000 copies in the United States.

Paula Santos, the owner of Captain's Cove Amusement Park in New Jersey, has asked Nancy for help because there have been mysterious things happening at the park. First, the lead horse disappeared off the carousel. After that the carousel began mysteriously starting up in the middle of the night. Then the roller coaster suddenly lost power, resulting in a serious accident. The park is shut down until the city knows what caused it. There is a rumor going around that the park is cursed. Drew must determine whether the painted ponies are searching for their missing lead horse, or whether there is another explanation for the "midnight rides."

Wrong decisions can cause the game to end. In previous volumes of the series, these endings typically involved Drew's death; however, in "The Haunted Carousel", a more frequent conclusion is Drew being fired for a mishap.

There are two levels of gameplay: a "Junior" mode, and a "Senior" detective mode. Each mode offers a different difficulty level of puzzles and hints, but neither of these changes affect the actual plot of the game. 

The game is loosely based on a book of the same name, "The Haunted Carousel" (1983).

Adapted from the game's official site.</ref>


Upon its release, "The Haunted Carousel" received favorable reviews from critics. On Review aggregation website Metacritic, the game holds a score of 85 out of 100, denoting "generally favorable reviews." "The Haunted Carousel" remains the Her Interactive game with the most favorable critical reception, according to MetaCritic. In a review for "Just Adventure", critic Ray Ivey awarded the album a letter grade of "A." He commended the graphics as "crisp, clean, colorful and appealing," deemed it the "tightest game so far in the series," and praised the game's shortness, observing that its brevity is in keeping with that of the book series. Writing for GameZone, critic Anise Hollingshead commended the album for providing a game for teenagers that's free of "graphic violence and sexual content," and opined that it was particularly fitting for players between the ages of 12 and 16. She awarded the gameplay a score of 9 out of 10, while graphics and sound each garnered 8 out of 10, and concept 7 out of 10.

Charles Herold of "The New York Times" wrote that "The Haunted Carousel" "returns to form with intelligent puzzles and an intriguing story."

According to PC Data, "The Haunted Carousel" sold 48,500 retail copies in North America during 2003. 



</doc>
<doc id="2270483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2270483" title="Bandit Kings of Ancient China">
Bandit Kings of Ancient China

Bandit Kings of Ancient China, also known as in Japan, is a turn-based strategy video game developed and published by Koei, and released in 1989 for MS-DOS, Amiga and the Macintosh and in 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. In 1996, Koei issued a remake for the Japanese Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation featuring vastly improved graphics and new arrangements of the original songs.

Based on the Great Classical Novel "Water Margin", the game takes place in ancient China during the reign of Emperor Huizong of the Song Dynasty. The Bandit Kings of Ancient China—a band of ten bandits—engage in war against China's Minister of War Gao Qiu, an evil minister with unlimited power. The objective of the game is to build, sustain, and command an army of troops to capture Gao Qiu before the Jurchen invasion in January 1127. Players hold certain attributes such as strength, dexterity, and wisdom. Players must also deal with other situations such as taxes, care for the troops, maintenance and replacement of weapons and equipment, forces of nature, and troop unrest and desertion.

Battlefields take place on hexagonal grids, where players move their armies across various terrain in order to strategically engage and defeat the enemy army. Troops have the capability of fighting with either melee weapons, bows and arrows, magic, or dueling swords, as well as setting tiles on fire. When a player defeats an enemy army, they have the option of recruiting, imprisoning, exiling, or executing the captured enemy troops. The attacker has 30 days to defeat all deployed enemy troops, capture the commander, or be automatically defeated. The game ends in defeat for the player(s) when the game calendar hit January 1127.

The game map shows the empire composed of 49 prefectures. Any prefecture may be invaded from an adjacent territory - the only exception is the current location of Gao Qiu (usually the capital, Kai Feng) where the player must have built up sufficient popularity to gain the attention of the emperor who will confer an Imperial Edict permitting the player to march into the capital.

Reviewing the NES version of "Bandit Kings of Ancient China", "Nintendo Power" suggested some players might find the game's pace slow compared to action-oriented games, while others would enjoy the game's "depth, involvement, and attention to detail." "Compute!" magazine praised the game as "one of the most complete and entertaining role-playing simulations available", and gave it an honorable mention in the War/Strategy category of the 1991 Compute Choice Awards. A reviewer in the "Austin American-Statesman" suggested the game's depth was overwhelming, calling the game "the richest, most complex role-playing game ever published" but saying he "had trouble figuring out ... what [he] was supposed to be doing and to whom." "PC Magazine" reviewed the game positively, concluding that "Bandit Kings of Ancient China" "is an addictive game, brought alive by a mixture of computer-driven personalities, the romance of a departed culture, a large battery of options, and the unpredictability of game play." "Computer Gaming World" gave the game three out of five stars in 1990, and two stars in 1993. The Amiga version received positive reviews in Amiga magazines. The game was reviewed in 1994 in "Dragon" #211 by Jay & Dee in the "Eye of the Monitor" column. Both reviewers gave the game 3½ out of 5 stars.

"Computer Gaming World" named "Bandit Kings of Ancient China" antagonist Gao Qiu as the twelfth most memorable game villain.



</doc>
<doc id="2270972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2270972" title="Battle Engine Aquila">
Battle Engine Aquila

Battle Engine Aquila is a 2003 video game for Xbox and PlayStation 2 developed by Lost Toys and published by Infogrames. In the game the player pilots the Battle Engine for the Forseti military in their wars against the Muspell to decide who will rule what's left of the world. "Battle Engine Aquila" received little attention from the public despite overall good reviews from critics. It was listed as #86 in the Top 100 Games for PlayStation 2 by IGN. A later Microsoft Windows port was published by Encore Software.

The ice caps on the planet Allium have melted due to the greenhouse effect. As a result, most of planet's surface ended up underwater. Only 13 islands scattered across the surface remain and only two civilizations of Allium's human-like inhabitants are left: The peaceful and technological Forseti and the aggressive Muspell. Both civilizations are at the brink of war with each other in a battle over the remaining landmasses.

The player assumes the role of Hawk Winter, a Forseti dockworker. He is also a dock racer where he races on his loader. After one of the races Tatiana Kiralova, a friend of Hawk's and an overseer of the Aquila program, persuades colonel Chuck Kramer, the leader of the Forseti Air Force, to secretly assign Hawk to piloting the Battle Engine.

The war starts with the Muspell attack on RI-04 island close to Forseti Major, the homeland of Forseti. Aquila program R&D facilities are located there. The player wipes out the whole Muspell strike force in time to fight the rest of the war.

The Battle Engine has two modes of operation: "Jet mode" allows the Battle Engine to fly for a limited time, "Walker mode" transforms the Battle Engine into a mech-like walking tank. When the Battle Engine is in Walker Mode, its weapons are considerably stronger than when it is in Jet Mode, it is tougher but much slower.

There are, by the end, 4 different types of Battle Engine that one may choose to pilot: Pulsar, Blazer, Lancer and Sniper. There are multiple weapons that are available for the Battle Engines that can be used. The Sniper Battle Engine only has 1 airborne weapon (the others have two each), the Vulcan Cannon, but it is the only ship that can engage a stealth mode, rendering it invisible. This capability drains the energy of the Battle Engine, in a similar fashion to the Jet Mode.

The campaign provides at least 8 hours gameplay on the easiest difficulty, and each level presents you with a new threat or dilemma to tackle. There are a variety of boss - style unique enemies that play key roles on the battlefield, and a good variety of standard units to take on as well. The story's narrative and the characters within do little to enhance the game's entertainment value.

The battles themselves are notably well simulated, with beach landings, ambushes and airborne landing craft, artillery raining down from naval forces while bombers and fighters engage each other overhead.

The game also involves some strategic thinking, giving you the option of what targets to prioritize rather than giving you a specific objective. You may at any point choose to take out the enemies factories, distract their fighters, harass incoming landing craft or pick off specific targets.

The Xbox version received "generally favorable reviews", while the PC and PlayStation 2 versions received "mixed or average reviews", according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. "Edge" gave the PS2 and Xbox versions 7 out of 10. "GamePro" gave the PS2 version an average review over a month before the game's release.

Despite positive critical reception, "Battle Engine Aquila" received poor sales. IGN ranked it as the 86th best PlayStation 2 game.


</doc>
<doc id="2271634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2271634" title="Domination (video game)">
Domination (video game)

Domination (alternative title: Massive Assault: Phantom Renaissance) is a science fiction turn-based tactics game and is the third incarnation of "Massive Assault" with the subtitle "“Massive Assault Like Never Before”". During the Galactic Revolution, you can side with either the Free Nations Union or the Phantom League to decide the outcome of the conflict.


</doc>
<doc id="2279582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2279582" title="X2: Wolverine's Revenge">
X2: Wolverine's Revenge

X2: Wolverine's Revenge (released as X-Men 2: Wolverine's Revenge in Europe) is an action beat'em up video game released in 2003 for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Windows, and Game Boy Advance to coincide with the release date of the film "X2: X-Men United", developed by British game developer GenePool Software and published by Activision. The Game Boy Advance version was also released on a Twin Pack cartridge bundled with "" in 2005. 

The game was released as a promotional tie-in to "X2" but featured an original story by famed comic book writer Larry Hama, and does not take place in the continuity of the film series, but had a closer resemblance to the Marvel Universe instead. 

In "X2: Wolverine's Revenge", the player helps Wolverine fight his way past the heavily guarded areas of the Weapon X Facility to piece together fragmented clues to Wolverine's murky past and to save his life. Wolverine has 48 hours to find an antidote to the deadly Shiva Virus circulating in his bloodstream and the clues point to the Weapon X facility, the Canadian fortress where he had his skeletal structure fused with adamantium.

A significant feature has Mark Hamill providing the voice-over for Wolverine in game. While Hugh Jackman's likeness is on the cover and promotional material, the character model in game is based on the comic books. Patrick Stewart reprises his film role as Professor X in game. 

The game received generally mixed reviews upon release, with reviewers praising the voice acting, especially of Hamill and Stewart, and unlockables, while criticising the slow combat, lack of mid-level checkpoints, and for being too hard and requiring too many retries. It was also the last console game focused on Wolverine until "" six years later.

The action is played from a third-person perspective as players fight a number of armored soldiers, mutant creatures, and archenemies such as Sabretooth, Magneto, Wendigo, Lady Deathstrike, and Juggernaut. While Professor X is able to assist Wolverine with powers of telepathy, the surly comic book hero must ultimately carry out his adventure alone. To that end, players must tap into Wolverine's unique talents to overcome all manner of obstacles. Wolverine will be able to hunt and track his prey using his heightened sense of smell and ability to detect body heat. As Wolverine makes his way through the military compounds, he will need to avoid defense systems and guards, and find ways into locked rooms to discover the information he needs to survive.

When engaged in combat, Wolverine can retract and release his adamantium claws at any time to perform slashing attacks, aerial combos, and a number of different throws. The strike moves used in battle are the Combat Strike Moves, which initiate a short cut-scene where Wolverine attacks the enemy.

In addition to Combat Strikes, there are special Stealth Strikes, Situation-Specific Strikes and Boss-Specific Strikes which become available at certain points in the game. Stealth Strikes are used to take out enemies silently. For example, Wolverine can do a wall-hug to creep up on an enemy and stab him before he can sound the alarm.

Wolverine's unusual healing ability allows him to withstand punishment that would kill an average human being, but he can become wounded over time. Sustaining major injuries triggers a feral rage, imbuing Wolverine with greater strength and the ferocity to take on multiple foes at once.

The story begins in 1968. Logan (Mark Hamill) is walking along a backstreet, when behind him come some agents from the Weapon X program. They try to capture Logan so they can take him to the Weapon X facility. Logan tries to defend himself, but he is shot with a tranquilizer dart and knocked unconscious. Logan is taken to the Facility and subjected to the adamantium bonding process. Soon after, he escapes from the experiment chamber and tries to get outside. The Professor (Don Morrow) calls him an animal, which enrages Logan and helps him escape the Professor's control. Logan tries to get to The Professor to confront him but he is stopped by Sabretooth (Fred Tatasciore). He defeats Sabretooth and he confronts The Professor while telling Dr. Abraham Cornelius (Don Morrow) and Dr. Carol Hines (Jennifer Hale) to take their leave. When Weapon X restrains him at claw-point, The Professor reveals that all Weapon X subjects were implanted with a dormant and deadly virus known as the "Shiva Strain" as a failsafe. The Professor also reveals that the virus would kill a normal human in one year but has no idea how long the virus would kill a human mutant.

Later in the present, Logan, who now goes by "Wolverine", is now a member of the X-Men and he has told Beast (Richard Portnow) what he remembers of his past. Beast tells Wolverine that the Shiva Virus has bypassed his healing factor and will kill him in two days if the cure is not found (ironically, which is on Logan's birthday). Professor X (Patrick Stewart) tells Wolverine to try to find the cure in the Weapon X Facility while Beast provides Wolverine with an implanted wristwatch telling him how much time he has left. After being flown to Edmonton by Cyclops and Jean Grey, Wolverine uses a private plane flown by a female pilot (Mayim Bialik) to get to the Weapon X Facility. However, the plane is shot down. He survives the plane crash and starts making his way towards the Weapon X facility.

Wolverine fights his way to a cavern where the spirit of the Wendigo lives. Wolverine fights with Wendigo and wins. Wendigo gets up and throws Logan out of the cavern where he lands on snow. Logan sees a Weapon X truck and jumps on it. Logan reaches the Weapon X Facility and sneaks in. On the way in, he is ambushed by a group of GIs. The sound of gunfire starts and Wolverine is surprised that he is not shot. He then sees another GI who shot down the ambushers. When Wolverine asks him why he let him live by asking "Am I supposed to thank you, or are you just a lousy shot?", the GI states, "Lets just say it's not your time to die...yet." Wolverine examines him a moment and he asks "You're not quite human, are you?" To which the GI states, "You should talk." As he walks away. After fighting through the base, he accesses a database and finds that the Weapon X scientists are at the Void (a maximum security mutant detention center that's similar to the Vault) so he makes his way there. Leaving, he is attacked by Sabretooth again. Sabretooth is defeated and grudgingly gives Wolverine the Part B of the virus cure after stating that he knew about the Shiva Virus a long time ago.

Later, Logan goes to The Void where he sees Colossus (Ted Nordblum) who lets him enter the facility after he was informed by Professor X about Logan's condition. While Logan is fighting his way on the Facility, Sabretooth comes to the Void and takes out some of its security on his way to get to the Weapon X scientists. Sabretooth then releases Alpha-Class mutants Omega Red, Magneto, and Juggernaut from their prisons. Meanwhile, Logan finds Dr. Abraham Cornelius and Dr. Carol Hines. Abraham Cornelius gives Logan the formula of Part A of the cure. Due to the Void blocking Logan's contact with Professor X, he ends up having to head outside to relay the info to him. Upon leaving, he warns Abraham Cornelius and Carol Hines that Sabretooth is also looking for them. However, when Logan reaches the roof, he is faced by Juggernaut (Fred Tatasciore). When Logan defeats him, Colossus tells Wolverine that Magneto and Omega Red were the other two Alpha-Class mutants that were freed. As Colossus drags the unconscious Juggernaut back to his cell, he points to the device that will help Logan get out. Logan destroys the Void Shield and relays the info of the Part A cure to Professor X after being told that Beast has synthesized the Part B of the Shiva Virus cure. Logan then heads out to find and defeat Magneto after Professor X detects magnetic signatures.

After Logan escapes, May Deuce (Mayim Bialik) the Mutant Hunter Boss comes to the Void to lead the Mutant Hunters into hunting down Wolverine and the other escaped mutants. While looking for Magneto, Logan is contacted by Professor X stating that the Magnetic Flux Limiter Collar on him has suppressed Magneto's magnetic powers long enough for him to become more powerful. Logan comes across a ruined highway and uses a motorcycle which he rides into a ruined town. Logan manages to find Magneto (Fred Tatasciore) in a steel mill. Logan tries to stop Magneto's moves, but he has to kill all the Mutant Hunters at the same time. Logan defeats Magneto and knocks him unconscious. Upon being told by Professor X that too much magnetic interference is preventing Rogue from homing in on him, Logan then makes his way to the city leaving Magneto for any Mutant Hunters sent from the Void.

When Logan is heading to the city to meet up with Rogue, a helicopter comes to him. In the helicopter is May Deuce. She thanks Logan because he defeated Magneto and offers to take him to the top of the Xenon Building. But when the helicopter reaches the top of a building, May Deuce throws Wolverine on the roof. Logan sees Lady Deathstrike (Gwendoline Yeo) and he realizes that the pilot, the Army GI, and May Deuce were some of Lady Deathstrike's robots who were to direct Wolverine to her so she could kill him. She also revealed that she paid Sabretooth to cause him pain. Wolverine defeats Lady Deathstrike and reaches a helicopter land platform where she follows him. Logan throws Lady Deathstrike off the roof and Rogue comes with the virus cure. Wolverine drinks it and goes home. Sabretooth finds Lady Deathstrike. He takes a vial from her and drinks it (most likely the cure for the virus), takes her, and leaves.

Meanwhile, Apocalypse (Christopher Corey Smith) and Mister Sinister (also Christopher Corey Smith) watch every move from Wolverine as they prepare their Horsemen of Apocalypse.

Wolverine lies on his bed and then suddenly realizes that he has not found and defeated Omega Red upon remembering the escaped mutants that Colossus told him about.

In all versions (except for the Game Boy Advance version) if the player collects all dog tags, a deleted scene is unlocked. As Wolverine visits a ruined town to find and defeat Magneto, he is stalked by a shadowy figure. As the figure gets close, Wolverine nearly kills the figure who is revealed to be Spider-Man (Rino Romano). When Wolverine states that Spider-Man is off his home turf, Spider-Man sarcastically explains that he heard about the big breakout down at the Void and rode a charter bus with other superheroes who could not fly or teleport. When Spider-Man asks if Wolverine needs help battling Magneto, Wolverine tells him to deal with the chaos until Damage Control arrives as he goes to battle Magneto.

"X2: Wolverine's Revenge" was met with average to mixed reviews upon release. GameRankings gave it a score of 67.25% for the GameCube version; 61.79% for the PlayStation 2 version; 76.67% for the GBA version; 60.83% for the PC version; and 65.07% for the Xbox version. Likewise, Metacritic gave it a score of 62 out of 100 for the GameCube version; 58 out of 100 each for the PS2 and Xbox versions; 72 out of 100 for the GBA version; and 55 out of 100 for the PC version.

Common criticisms include clunky and alienating stealth mechanics, bland visuals, and high and unforgiving difficulty, making the game unfairly hard. "Official UK PlayStation 2 Magazine" gave the game 7 out of 10, describing it as follows: "a quality action adventure that blends stealth with hand-to-hand combat. Only a few irritations deny this a higher score." Of the said irritations, the most prominently criticized element was the lack of mid-mission checkpoints, forcing players to replay large sections upon death. "Maxim" gave the game a score of eight out of ten and said, "While most of "Revenge"’s game play involves turning bad guys into kebab, the game’s strict homage to the comic gives it more depth." "The Village Voice" gave the Xbox version a score of seven out of ten and said, "Deploying your special powers is motivation enough to move through the game's booby-trapped military complexes, crash sites, mines, caves, and places that look like mines or caves." "The Cincinnati Enquirer" also gave it three-and-a-half stars out of five and stated that "Controlling Wolverine during combat can prove difficult, especially when there are multiple enemies onscreen simultaneously." However, "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a C− and stated that "The pacing is sluggish, the gameplay irritating, and ultimately it feels like Wolverine is exacting revenge on the wrong person: the player."



</doc>
<doc id="2281576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2281576" title="Flight Unlimited III">
Flight Unlimited III

Flight Unlimited III is a 1999 flight simulator video game developed by Looking Glass Studios and published by Electronic Arts. It allows players to pilot simulations of real-world commercial and civilian aircraft in and around Seattle, Washington. Players can fly freely or engage in "Challenge" missions, such as thwarting a theft or locating Bigfoot. The development team built on the general aviation gameplay of "Flight Unlimited II", with more detailed physics and terrain, more planes, and a real-time weather system. Roughly half of "Flight Unlimited II"s team returned to work on the sequel, supported by new hires.

Lead designer Peter James described "Flight Unlimited III"s development as a struggle, thanks to a lack of interest from Electronic Arts and from Looking Glass's management. Placed in direct competition with "Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000" and "Fly!", the game failed to capture sufficient market share. It became one of Looking Glass's biggest commercial flops, with roughly 20,000 units sold in the United States during 1999. This contributed to the company's closure in 2000. The game was well received by critics, who praised its terrain rendering and dynamic weather. Its simulated physics were lauded by several reviewers, but others felt that the physics were imprecise and that the game's system requirements were extremely high.

"Flight Unlimited III" is a three-dimensional (3D) flight simulator video game, in which the player pilots virtual reproductions of real-world planes. Players may control ten aircraft: the Lake Turbo Renegade, Stemme S10, Mooney Bravo, Fokker Dr.I, Beechjet 400A, and five planes first included in "Flight Unlimited II". Plane cockpits feature simulated flight instruments such as variometers and primary flight displays, and allow for both visual and instrument navigation. The main airspace is 10,000 square miles of Seattle terrain; eight other Western American states are modeled as well, albeit in less detail. The California scenery from "Flight Unlimited II" may be imported to expand the airspace. The player shares the game's skies with artificially intelligent (AI) planes. Real-time, interactive air traffic control monitors the player's actions and tries to prevent mid-air collisions. Before a flight, the player may select which types of weather to encounter. Weather conditions such as cold fronts and thunderstorms develop in real-time.

In addition to the default "Quick Flight" mode, the player may play tutorial and "Challenge" missions. The game's tutorial mode features 26 lessons, which demonstrate basic and advanced flying techniques and then allow the player to perform them. Challenge missions test the player's flying ability with objectives such as locating Bigfoot, rescuing a stranded hiker, stopping a theft, or flying through hoops. Eleven Challenges are available, but the player may create more or download them from the Internet. "Flight Unlimited III" includes the level editor ("FLED") used to develop the game, which allows players to use the game's assets to create airports, AI flight paths, and edited landscapes. Players may share their creations online.

Following the release of "Flight Unlimited II" in 1997, certain members of that game's team wanted to move on to "Flight Unlimited III", while others wanted to create the combat flight simulator game "Flight Combat". Looking Glass Studios chose to develop the games simultaneously: the team was split into two, both supplemented with new hires. The company then surveyed customers to determine where "Flight Unlimited III" should take place, among other things. In May 1998, Electronic Arts was announced as the game's publisher, as part of a multi-title marketing and distribution deal that also included "System Shock 2". Looking Glass's goal was to build on the foundation of "Flight Unlimited II" and to provide what project leader Tom Sperry called "the true joy and sensation of flight in the most realistic environment available". The company first displayed "Flight Unlimited III" at the "MicroWINGS" Conference in August 1998. At the show, the game was revealed to take place in and around Seattle—a choice based on fan requests and on the varied landscape and weather of Puget Sound. Looking Glass also discussed new planes, moving objects on the ground, and a real-time, physics-based weather system.

Former flight instructor Peter James, who had worked on "Flight Unlimited II", assumed the role of lead designer. He was largely responsible for "Flight Unlimited III"'s lessons, planes, and simulated flight instruments. James believed that other flight simulators had holes with regard to realism, and he hoped to create a more accurate experience. Photographs were captured of each plane's real-world counterpart, and construction of the 3D plane models was led by artist Duncan Hsu, a former car modeler at Papyrus Design Group. The flight physics were coded by Kevin Wasserman and involve real-time calculations of force vectors, such as those acting against a plane's yaw, pitch, and roll. This system was more advanced than that of "Flight Unlimited II", which was also based on force calculations. The physics code was informed by "real aircraft data" and the personal experience of pilots, and each of the planes was flown as research for the game. Because the plane cockpits of previous "Flight Unlimited" games had been criticized by pilots, the team tried to make "Flight Unlimited III"s cockpits extremely authentic. Kemal Amarasingham recorded the planes' sound effects, which he said involved "risking his life" by standing near jet engines and underwings.

The game's terrain texture maps were made with satellite images rendered at four square meters per pixel, the highest resolution used in a flight simulator at that time. Artist Karen Wolff designed the terrain by combining large topographic maps into a "mosaic", which recreated the elevations and depressions of the Seattle area. The satellite imagery was layered over the resultant polygonal mesh. Real elevation data was also used for the eight lower-resolution Western American states outside of the Seattle area. Budget concerns and the storage limitations of the CD-ROM format prevented the team from rendering the entire United States, despite fan demand. The 3D objects that move across the terrain were created by Yoosun Cho, who used numerous photography books for inspiration. "Flight Unlimited III"s object editor let her set these objects to "move once along the path, back and forth or cycle". The weather system, co-designed by James, generates, moves, and disperses weather fronts based on real-time calculations of atmospheric conditions such as humidity and orographic lift.

While visiting Looking Glass to cover "Flight Unlimited III"s development, journalist Dan Linton was impressed by the team management of Tom Sperry, producer Sandra Smith, and vice president of marketing Michael Malizola. He wrote that they employed "suggestion and encouragement" instead of "demands", and he believed that their work was in large part responsible for the game "setting a new standard in the industry". Peter James later accused the wider company's management of being lukewarm toward "Flight Unlimited III" during development, since their biggest sellers were action-oriented games like "". He claimed that their lack of interest turned the optimistic team into a "grumbling group of depressed and sometimes angry [people]". Although he, Smith, and Perry petitioned the company's managers to plan future add-ons and third-party development for the game, James felt that they were ignored. James developed concepts for a sequel in his spare time, but his ideas were shelved to wait for "Flight Unlimited III"s sales figures, which had to surpass those of "Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000" for "Flight Unlimited IV" to be greenlit. James believed that this was "foolish", particularly because he felt that Electronic Arts undermarketed the game. He wrote that "Flight Unlimited III"'s marketing manager had "great plans" but that his "hands seem[ed] tied".

"Flight Unlimited III"s official site was opened in March 1999, and the game was shown alongside "Flight Combat: Thunder Over Europe" at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in May. Tal Blevins of IGN wrote that the game had "come a long way" since he had seen it earlier in the year, and that it was almost complete, with development of the real-time weather system in its final stages. "Full Throttle" noted the game's "impressive clouds" and "slick looking" HUD. "Flight Unlimited III" was shown again at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh in July, at which point beta testing was nearly complete and the game was "90% done", according to James. He stated that the public reaction was "great", which energized the team for a short time. The game went gold that August, nine months behind schedule. James wrote that the team celebrated with a small dinner party, and that "the next few days were spent finding out how many people [were] quitting." He left after the game's completion to join Flightsim.com, a news and review website dedicated to flight simulators. The game was released on September 17, 1999.

"Flight Unlimited III" was placed in direct competition with flight simulators such as "Fly!" and "Microsoft Flight Simulator 2000". The game failed to capture sufficient market share and became one of Looking Glass's biggest commercial flops. It sold roughly 20,000 copies in the United States during 1999. The game later earned a "Silver" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom. Together with the costly development of "Flight Combat", the game's low sales used up Looking Glass's earnings from "Thief: The Dark Project" and "System Shock 2", which had helped them recover from the failures of "British Open Championship Golf" and "". These events contributed to the company's bankruptcy and closure in May 2000. The game was, however, positively received by critics, with an aggregate review score of 88% on GameRankings.

Josh Nolan of "Computer Gaming World" wrote, ""FU3" is experience-oriented: it's user-friendly, graphically glamorous, and lots of fun." While he praised its visuals and air traffic control, he considered the game to be simpler than "Flight Simulator 2000" because of its less detailed lessons, interfaces, and flight physics. The magazine later nominated "Flight Unlimited III" as the 1999 "Simulation of the Year". Writing for "Computer Games Magazine", Denny Atkin stated that the use of turbulence "really sets "FU3" apart from the competition", and that the game's simulation of air traffic is "like no other sim". He praised its graphics and dynamic weather, and he found the flight physics solid in general but "overly gentle" for aerobatic maneuvers. He concluded, "It's not only an excellent simulus of general aviation flying, ... it's even a good "game"." "PC Gamer UK"s Dean Evans wrote that the game has "a poetic grandeur", as well as an "astonishing attention to detail" greater than that of its predecessors. He praised its flight lessons and weather, and he considered the graphics to be "unbelievably delicious". Evans summarized the game as "the most breathtaking flying experience you can get for a PC."

Simon Bradley of "PC Zone" wrote, ""FUIII" has atmosphere in a way that "MS Combat Flight Sim" can't even dream of." He praised its graphics, flight physics, and detailed flight environment. He also complained of "unflyably slow frame rates" and warned that the game could not be played on older computers. Tony Lopez of GameSpot called the game's environmental modeling "simply breathtaking" and noted that elevations were rendered more smoothly than in "Fly!" or "Microsoft Flight Simulator". He wrote that the game's flight physics and weather simulation were superior to those of any other flight simulator and that the "powerful, easy-to-use" FLED editing tool could popularize the game. IGN writer Marc Saltzman commented that the game features "absolutely stunning terrain at all altitudes, realistic weather and lighting effects, and highly-detailed planes". Saltzman praised the accuracy of "Flight Unlimited III"s physics but remarked that the game's frame rate was "noticeably slower" than that of its rivals.


</doc>
<doc id="2284160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2284160" title="Fighter Maker">
Fighter Maker

Fighter Maker is a series of games for PlayStation consoles and Microsoft Windows. It features a robust character creation system, letting players even create animations. There are two versions of the games, Fighter Maker ("FM" series) and 2D Fighter Maker ("2DFM" series).

Part of Agetec Inc.'s Designer Series, Fighter Maker is 3D-based and allows users to create custom moves for their fighters. Despite the unique concept, the game received very bad reviews as there was little to do once a fighter had been created. The Official PlayStation Magazine gave the game 3/10, saying that the animation was rough, and that it was "not one eighth as interesting as it sounds".

The Japanese edition of the first "FM" game is also known for having one licensed character, "Street Fighter EX"s Skullomania, complete with the original move list.

IGN commented that "When you actually put the character into the game, controls are pretty tight and solid", and concluded by saying that "Fighter Maker is one of the most unique software packages on the PlayStation. I'm guessing we're going to see a ton of websites dedicated to characters gamers have created, uploaded with the handy-dandy DexDrive. The competition between friends is going to be fierce. Who can create the coolest, most utilitarian character in the game?"

Fighter Maker 2 ("FM2") for the PS2 was another entry in the Designer Series from Agetec Inc. It was released in November 2002. It is similar to the original, but with more advancements in character design, movement, and attacks. As with the first, the game was met with lukewarm reviews, mainly due to its cumbersome interface and the lack of bells and whistles that were featured in most fighting games at the time.

The Music was composed by the U.K. band INTELLIGENTSIA, who also created the in-game FX; MIRAI, one of the band's 2 members, is a playable character in the game.

GamePro said that "the freedom in creating move animations is immense." PSM said "For those who've thought they could build a game with the right tools, this is a fine toolbox. Aspiring fighter makers are warned, though - it's also an unforgiving school."

2D Fighter Maker 95 ("FM95") was released for Windows prior to ASCII's departure from gaming. Unlike its PlayStation counterparts, this version focused on 2D-style gameplay, allowing the user to create and import their own characters, sounds and graphics into the engine, allowing for far more flexibility and range than the PS versions. The program was pirated and fan translated to English and released on the Internet, where it found a large following amongst dojin game makers and the M.U.G.E.N. community.

2D Fighter Maker 2nd ("FM2K") was released by ASCII's successor company, Enterbrain. An update to the original version, FM2K allowed for a greater amount of expansion and extension than FM95, revising much of the original engine to allow more options while adding a menu-based system for clarity. As with the previous version, it became wildly popular amongst the dojin communities in Japan. Again, piracy and a fan translation followed, though the second version has yet to meet with the success of the first, primarily due to the large amount of M.U.G.E.N. communities already in operation as well as the incomplete translation of the FM2K software and documentation.



</doc>
<doc id="2286175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2286175" title="Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny">
Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny

Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny is a role-playing video game developed by Attic Entertainment Software. It was the first game based on the German pen & paper RPG system "The Dark Eye" by Fantasy Productions. The original German version of the game (German title: "Das Schwarze Auge: Die Schicksalsklinge") was released in 1992. Due to its success it was translated to English and released by Sir-Tech in 1993.

"Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny" is a classical 3D party role-playing video game that has up to six characters (plus an optional NPC that may be recruited) moving through 3D towns and dungeons. Travels between those 3D levels were simulated by showing a path on a regional 2D map. The game generally uses the same pseudo-3D-engine as Attic's 1991 game "Spirit of Adventure", utilizing an increased resolution for the 3D part of the screen. The game also borrowed ideas from "Eye of the Beholder" (the inventory user interface) and "" (the main screen user interface layout). The game did not feature NPC/monster sprites in the 3D view (a shortcoming that can be found in the entire "Northlands Trilogy") that were already introduced by the first 3D real-time action role-playing video game - "Dungeon Master" - in 1987. Instead of visualizing fights in the 3D view, the game switched to the isometric perspective for a unique turn-based tactical combat simulation.

An orc chief has united all tribes of the orcs and plans to attack the lands of the humans. The player is hired by Hetman Tronde Torbensson, the leader of the Thorwalians, to find the sword "Grimring" (the Blade of Destiny) and prevent an orc invasion on Thorwal. However, Grimring has been lost since the death of its bearer, the Hetman Hyggelik the Great. In order to recover the sword, the player must find pieces of a treasure map which shows the location of the sword. Once the sword is recovered the player needs to defeat the orc chief and his minions. If the player does not succeed within about two in-game years, the orcs will attack and the player loses.

"Blade of Destiny" was the first game in the "Northlands Trilogy", it was followed by "", and "". As a feature players could save the game after beating it, this allowed the players to import their characters into any of the sequels.

A remake developed by the Austrian Crafty Studios and published by German United Independent Entertainment was released on Steam on July 30, 2013. Metacritic, a review aggregator, rated it 18/100 based on five reviews. This is one of Metacritic's lowest ratings for a PC game. On release, the game was plagued with bugs, and the developer's forums were full of complaints. Crafty Studios eventually posted an apology to Steam in which they promised to update the game. Steven Strom of "Ars Technica", in an article where he played each of the five worst-rated games on Metacritic, said the remake is playable but still feels unfinished, including untranslated dialogue.

According to "Die Zeit", all three games in the "Realms of Arkania" series, including "Blade of Destiny", were commercially and critically successful. The paper's Nicole Lange reported in 2011 that the three entries together had surpassed 2.4 million sales worldwide.

In a 1993 review from "Computer Gaming World", Scorpia wrote, "'Das Schwarze Auge' means 'The Black Eye,' and that might be appropriate here". She wrote that "there are so many things wrong with the game play that we should start off with the few that are right" such as automapping and extra experience points for fighting unfamiliar enemies, but criticized the "awkward and confusing" magic system, discrepancies between the documentation and gameplay. Worst of all, she wrote, were the reduction in experience points for saving outside a temple, high failure rates during combat, and a bug that "won" the game by quitting during the final fight.

"The One" gave the Amiga version of "Blade of Destiny" an overall score of 73%, criticizing its graphics and small draw distance, saying "you can't even 'see' the poorly-drawn buildings until you're practically standing in front of them" and calling it a generic RPG, stating "The main problem with "Blade of Destiny" is that you really have seen this sort of thing before - and better, most probably. There are few surprises as you travel around, with everyone and everything you meet conforming to their usual clichéd fantasy roles." "The One" criticized the combat, calling it "uninspiring", and expressed that the 'movement points' system removes a sense of urgency.

Chris W. McCubbin reviewed "Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny" in "Pyramid" #6 (March/April, 1994), and stated that "I have no hesitancy about recommending "Realms of Arkania" for what it does well -- graphics, story and background. And I remain optimistic about the combat problems as well. After all, "Blade of Destiny" is only the first game in the "Realms of Arkania" series. If subsequent games correct the unrealistic aspects of ranged combat, "Realms of Arkania" could easily be a state-of-the art game for mature, discerning computer gamers."


</doc>
<doc id="2286253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2286253" title="Realms of Arkania: Star Trail">
Realms of Arkania: Star Trail

Realms of Arkania: Star Trail is a computer role-playing game by Attic Entertainment Software based on the German RPG system Das Schwarze Auge. The original German version of the game (German title: "Das Schwarze Auge: Sternenschweif") was released in 1994. Due to the success of its predecessor "", it was translated to English and released by Sir-Tech in the same year.

The game was re-released in 2014 for Steam with support for Windows.

After the failed orc invasion on Thorwal, the orcs attacked another region. The player is recruited in the city Kvirasim by an elf ambassador to recover an old artifact, the Salamander Stone, that could unite the elves and the dwarfs for battle against the orcs. Immediately a mysterious third party which seems to be against the uniting of the dwarves and elves counter offers riches and bribery. The quest leads them first to the depths of a long abandoned dwarven mine in the mountains. There they must walk a fine line between taking what they need and taking out of avarice. If successful they meet a master smith, who forges an asthenil sword for them and lets them swap it for the Salamander Stone.

Leaving the mines with the Salamander Stone, they are instructed to take the stone to an orc besieged city of Lowangen. The party is allowed past the orcish blockade, only after they leave behind most of their heavy weapons and armor. Once inside the city, they are robbed of the Salamander Stone. While attempting to locate it the group runs into cultists serving an unknown god. The cult comprises humans and elves. After a bloody fight, the group finds two Salamander Stones, one fake and one genuine. There is a notice of instruction telling the cult to send the real one off to the north to their leader.

The group travels to the northernmost city on the map and finds it completely deserted. Upon entering one house they find a trap door leading below the house to an underground base of the cult. Within its first floor, they find a warrioress frozen in a solid block of ice. She joins the group after the player character thaws her out but leaves as the party moves to the third and final floor.

On the last floor is a temple to the Nameless God. At the very back the party finds the dwarven ambassador, Ingramosch, petrified in stone and the mysterious third party that first tried to offer them riches for the Salamander Stone. He is actually a powerful sorcerer. After taunting the party, he casts a spell that teleports him to the massive cave behind him. A huge dragon comes forth and starts breathing flames at the party. After battling the party for some time, the dragon finds them honorable and allows them to live. As he disappears into his cave, the player character uses the salamander stone to flesh spell upon Ingramosch. They climb out of the dungeon and find the elven ambassador waiting with a horse-drawn carriage. He takes the party to the harbor where a boat is waiting. The elf spends days healing the dwarf with magic. When Ingramosch comes to, they give him the Salamander Stone.

After arriving at the tree city of the elves, the dwarves and elves hammer out an alliance. In celebration, the group is treated to a feast in the tree city, where the rarely seen elf king shows up and thanks the group for all its success and hails them as friends forever to elves everywhere.

"" was the first game in the trilogy. It was followed by "Star Trail" and "". Players can save the game after beating it, which allows them to import their characters into the sequel.

According to "Die Zeit", all three games in the "Realms of Arkania" series, including "Star Trail", were commercially and critically successful. The paper's Nicole Lange reported in 2011 that the three entries together had surpassed 2.4 million sales worldwide.

The game was reviewed in 1995 in "Dragon" #219 by Jay & Dee in the "Eye of the Monitor" column. Jay gave the game 2½ out of 5 stars, while Dee gave the game 3 stars. A reviewer for "Next Generation" assessed that "The return of the old-school RPG, Sir Tech's "Star Trail" is sure to appeal to those gamers who would lose months at a time fighting evil. Unfortunately, even with its new control system (reminiscent of New World's "Might and Magic" series), graphics, and sound that far outclass those of "Wizardry", the game may be too complex for the beginning adventure to tackle."

Barry Brenesal of "Electronic Entertainment" praised it as "a first-class fantasy role-playing game that should keep you busy for a long, long time." "PC Zone"s Mark Burgess called "Star Trail" "a must" for fans of the genre, and summarized it as "slightly old-fashioned looking, but it's got what it takes." In "Computer Player", Al Giovetti wrote that the game was "recommended for role-playing enthusiasts", and he praised its graphics, automap and journal features, interface, complexity and audio.

Writing for "PC Gamer US", Trent C. Ward called "Star Trail" "a must for every diehard RPG enthusiast", and "a great title for those who're tired of adventure games masquerading as RPGs". "Computer Gaming World"s Petra Schlunk wrote that "Star Trail" was "a deep and rich game, though it can be overly so at times." She regarded it as "a game for the hardest of hard-core role players—those who will fight anything, even a frustrating game system, to finish a quest."

"Star Trail" received "PC Gamer"s 1994 "Best Role-playing Game" award, and was named the year's top "Multi-Character Role-Playing Game" by "Computer Games Strategy Plus". It was also a nominee for "Computer Gaming World"s "Role-Playing Game of the Year" prize, which went to "". The editors of "Computer Gaming World" called it an improvement upon "" that was "well-suited for hard-core role-players", while those of "PC Gamer US" wrote, "Never before, nor since, has a RPG contained as much depth or player control as this one". In 1997, "PC Gamer US" named "Star Trail" the 47th best game of all time, calling it "an achievement of RPG greatness".


</doc>
<doc id="2286911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2286911" title="The Temple of Elemental Evil (video game)">
The Temple of Elemental Evil (video game)

The Temple of Elemental Evil is a 2003 role-playing video game by Troika Games. It is a remake of the classic "Dungeons & Dragons" adventure "The Temple of Elemental Evil" using the 3.5 edition rules. This is the only video game to take place in the "Greyhawk" campaign setting, and the first video game to implement the 3.5 edition rule set. The game was published by Atari, who then held the interactive rights of the "Dungeons & Dragons" franchise.

"The Temple of Elemental Evil" was released in autumn of 2003 and was criticized for stability issues and other bugs. The turn-based tactical combat, however, was generally thought to be implemented well, and is arguably the most faithful representation of the then-current tabletop role-playing game ("3.5e") rules in a video game.

The game focuses on a party of up to five player-controlled characters. These characters can be created by the player or can be one of the pre-made characters that come with the game. All, however, must be within one step of a party alignment. Any player-made characters are created in a 13-step process; there is, however, an option to let the game deal with most aspects of character creation for the player. At any time, the party can have up to three NPC followers, and all player characters can have a familiar and/or animal companion as allowed by class.

All characters have a screen that shows information pertaining to them. Five tabs—inventory, skills, feats, spells, and abilities—allow the player to manage equipment, change spell configurations, and compare character attributes. This screen also appears when the party is bartering with an NPC or looting a body, but clicking out of the inventory tab will eject the player from the interaction. Additionally, small portraits of the characters appear on the bottom of the screen, along with a small red bar showing remaining health and icons depicting any status conditions, such as level drain, blessings, or paralysis.

The characters are controlled via radial menus. After selecting a character, the player right clicks to open a circular menu. From there, hovering over wedges brings out more options, such as specific spells, actions, or inventory items. The main radial menu, which encircles a picture of the character selected, has up to six sections, the number being based on class abilities. Specific actions are color-coded based on the type of action they are.

Characters can use their skills throughout the game by selecting them on the radial menu. If a player wanted to pick another character's pocket, he or she would select a character with the Sleight of Hand skill, left-click on the skill from the radial menu, and left click on the victim. Dialog skills, such as Intimidate and Gather Information, appear as options in dialog with an icon denoting the skill being used. Skills are increased every level at a rate derived from the character's class and Intelligence.

Combat is turn-based, with characters going individually based on their initiative. Each character can make five types of actions: free, no, full-round, move, and standard. Characters can take a move action and a standard action each turn. Full-round actions count as a use of both actions. Free actions take a negligible amount of time to perform, so they count as neither actions. No actions also count for neither actions, but they require special circumstances in order to be performed. Characters can choose special attacks to perform or spells to cast, and they can also choose to attack or cast in specific ways. Defensive casting and fighting, dealing non-lethal damage, tripping an opponent, and coup de graces are examples of particular actions in combat. Characters have a set yet semi-random number of hit points based on their level, class, and Constitution score. Upon being reduced to zero hit points, a character is staggered, and a full round action will cost him or her one hit point. A creature with hit points between −1 and −9 is unconscious, and loses one hit point a round. The character has a 10% chance of stabilizing, which will stop the loss of hit points but will keep the character unconscious. Other characters can stop this loss of life through a successful heal check. If a character or creature reaches −10 hit points, it dies.

Although most of the main rules from 3.5 edition of "Dungeons & Dragons" are implemented, there are several exceptions. Some of them, such as applying a bonus to AC from the Dodge feat, are simplified to streamline play. Others, such as not letting prone characters attack, are implemented to reduce the number of required animations. The structure of the engine is also utilized, allowing encumbered characters to move at 3/4 their maximum rate, even if the resulting speed is not a whole number. Certain abilities, including Barbarian Rage, are modified to better flow with the game. A hybridization of some rules also occurred; the spell Doom is modified to reflect the first printing of the Player's Handbook, and weapon sizes are a blend of 3 and 3.5 editions. The game also has two difficulty levels, Normal and Ironman, with the latter intended to more closely mimic the paper-and-pencil game.

Thirteen years before the start of the game, Hommlet was a peaceful town. Due to low taxes and safe roads, the area became prosperous, and the village flourished. This prosperity drew the attention of evil forces, who began slowly trickling into the area. It is not known where these forces came from, but the Dyvers of Nyr Dyv and the inhabitants of the forestlands of the Wild Coast were the chief suspects. As the presence of bandits, kobolds, and goblins increased, a local militia led by Waldgraf of Ostverk was raised to defend Hommlet. This only served to check the evil forces, however.

Six miles from Hommlet, a group of hovels formed a center for the evil activity. The locals ignored this threat since it was in the marshes, and Nulb began growing. A small chapel built to an evil god grew into a stone structure as the evil forces pillaged and robbed the lands around Hommlet. For three years the Temple of Elemental Evil served as a center for the swarms of vile creatures who plagued Hommlet. As the evil grew in power, the land around the Temple suffered from pestilence, famine, and a lack of commerce.

The leaders of the Temple grew too power-hungry, and they were defeated in the Battle of Emridy Meadows after challenging the kingdoms of the north. The evil forces were slaughtered, and their mighty Temple was destroyed and sealed with magic and blessings. In the years that followed, Hommlet became a destination for adventurers, who brought wealth to the city and returned the area to its peaceful origins. Eventually, adventurers stopped coming, and the village went back to life as usual. A year before the start of the game, however, bandits once again began trickling into the region, and the villagers appealed to the Lord the Viscount of Verbobonc for aid. He responded by providing funds for Burne and Rufus, two well-known adventurers from the area, to build a keep just outside Hommlet.

The game begins with an opening vignette that is determined by the alignment of the party. All of these require the player to start in the town of Hommlet. After arriving in town and completing minor quests for the townsfolk, the player is directed to the moathouse, a small, fortified outpost to the east. The moathouse is home to bandits, and the player is asked to clear them out. However, in the dungeons of the moathouse, the player encounters a large force of bugbears led by an ogre named Lubash and a priest of the Temple of Elemental Evil, Lareth the Beautiful.

After defeating Lareth, the player can then go to either the Temple itself, or to Nulb, a town in the swamplands nearby. If the player goes to Nulb, many of the citizens will talk of the Temple. Spies for the Temple are living in the town, and the player can gain passage into the heart of the Temple by pretending to be interested in joining. The Temple is divided into four factions: Earth, Air, Water, and Fire Temples. Each Temple is at war with the other three in a perpetual struggle for supremacy. The player is asked by all four to provide assistance, and can gain access to Hedrak, the leader of the Temple of Elemental Evil, by performing quests for the sub-Temples. Most of the sub-Temples require the player to kill a leader of an opposing Temple to gain access to Hedrak.

Upon meeting Hedrak, the player has two options: kill him, or accept his quest. If the player accepts the quest, which is to kill Scoorp the Hill giant, Hedrak will make the player a part of the Temple of Elemental Evil, thus ending the game. If the player kills Hedrak, the way to four nodes of elemental power will be available. Inside each of these nodes is a gem. These gems can be inserted into the Orb of Golden Death, which is hidden inside the Temple, to form a powerful artifact. Deep inside the Temple, the player must then deal with Zuggtmoy, the Demoness Lady of fungus. The player can, based on choices made, fight Zuggtmoy, fight a weaker version of Zuggtmoy, or avoid a fight altogether. This can lead to one of three endings if the player succeeds: Zuggtmoy is banished for 66 years, Zuggtmoy is destroyed permanently, or Zuggtmoy lives on, but the player is well rewarded.

"The Temple of Elemental Evil" was intended as re-creation of the classic "Dungeons & Dragons" module of the same name. The publisher was Atari, who then held the interactive rights to the "Dungeons & Dragons" franchise. Its developer was Troika Games, who began the project on February 1, 2002 with a development team of 14 people. The game was first announced on January 9, 2003 under the title "Greyhawk: The Temple of Elemental Evil". It was developed with an enhanced version of the "" game engine.

Originally the designers intended to use the "Dungeons & Dragons" 3.0 edition rule set, but decided in mid-development to use the 3.5 edition rule set instead. In order to complete this adaptation, Atari gave Troika an additional two months of development time, extending their deadline to August 1. However, the game was not completed until August 30. Some of the reasons for this included the need for extensive testing and the creation of unique play experiences for characters of different alignments. The game went gold on September 4, 2003, 19 days before it was originally intended to be shipped.

With sales of 128,000 copies and revenues of $5.2 million by February 2005, "The Temple of Elemental Evil" was less commercially successful than "Arcanum", Troika Games' previous release. GameDaily characterized both games' commercial performances as substandard, and as contributing factors to Troika's closure in 2005. "The Temple of Elemental Evil"s critical reception was "mixed or average", according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

The game was reviewed in 2004 in "Dragon" #321 by Clifford Horowitz in the "Silicon Sorcery" column. Horowitz comments: ""The Temple of Elemental Evil" computer game is about as classic "Dungeons & Dragons" as you can get."

"PC Gamer"s Desslock called it "a game by "D&D" fans and for "D&D" fans, and it provides all RPG fans with the opportunity to experience one of the genre’s classic adventures." GameSpot's Greg Kasavin echoed those sentiments; it gave the game a 7.9 out of 10, calling the game "one of the most authentic PC "Dungeons & Dragons" experiences of the past few years." Jamie Madigan of GameSpy gave the game four out of five stars, but he made note of a lack of multiplayer options. Tal Blevins of IGN gave it a 7.5, saying ""ToEE" isn't perfect, but it's certainly not a stinker." GameZone gave an 8.4 out of 10, saying it "is a game that those who are serious about "D&D"-based RPGs should have in their library." John Breeden II of "The Washington Post" complimented the game's graphics, particularly the animated scenery, and also said that "[m]onsters appear suitably gruesome". According to GameSpy, "players who persevered were rewarded with an ultimately fun and satisfying experience – just not the mind-blowing one they had hoped for."

Adam Fleet of "Computer Games Magazine" wrote, "That this game is still recommendable in its current state is a testament to just how good this game could have been, as well as the barren state of the current RPG landscape in general."

The Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences nominated "The Temple of Elemental Evil" as its pick for 2003's best computer role-playing game, but ultimately gave the prize to "". It was also a finalist in RPG Vault's special award categories for audio design and art direction that year. However, the game did receive "Computer Games Magazine"s special "Raid™ Post-patch Recovery Award" and GameSpy's "Old School RPG Award" for 2003. The latter publication's editors wrote, "No game brought back memories of the old pen-and-paper "Dungeons & Dragons" days the way "Temple of Elemental Evil" did."

Upon its release, "The Temple of Elemental Evil" created a small stir due to the availability of the option for a male character to enter a same-sex marriage. In the town of Nulb, a pirate named Bertram begins flirting with male characters in the party and offers a lifetime of love and happiness in exchange for his freedom. This relationship was noted as another example of video games "pushing the boundaries" by "The Guardian". Game developers and publishers generally did not object to the inclusion of a homosexual story option. Criticism of the relationship came primarily from gamers who felt that gay characters should not be included in video games. Industry observer Matthew D. Barton commented on the irony of so-called "geeky gamers", subject to stereotyping themselves, stereotyping gays in their opposition. Producer Tom Decker defended the move, saying in an interview with RPG Vault: "I particularly felt strongly that since we had several heterosexual marriages available in Hommlet, we should include at least one homosexual encounter in the game and not to make it a stereotyped, over the top situation, but on par with the other relationships available in the game". Bertram was named #6 on GayGamer.net's Top 20 Gayest Video Game Characters.

As the release version of the game had many bugs, Troika released three patches which addressed some of the problems. After the closure of the developer and consequent end of official support, the game community took up the patching efforts with community-made patches and mods, providing many bugfixes, improvements, and new content. More recently, another improvement released in 2015, is a recreated game engine called 'Temple Plus', similar in functionality to OpenMW for and built using Python, in allowing for increased flexibility and avoidance of legacy coding limitations and issues. 

The game was re-released by gog.com, a digital distributor, on October 13, 2010. Ian Williams of "Paste" rated the game #6 on his list of "The 10 Greatest Dungeons and Dragons Videogames" in 2015.



</doc>
<doc id="2287057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2287057" title="Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (video game)">
Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (video game)

Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius is a video game based on the 2001 Nickelodeon for the Game Boy Advance, GameCube, PC, and PlayStation 2.

Debi Derryberry, Rob Paulsen, Mark DeCarlo, Frank Welker, Candi Milo, Jeffrey Garcia, Carolyn Lawrence, Crystal Scales and Megan Cavanagh reprise their voices from the movie in this game. However, in the console version, Wally Wingert does the voice of Rob Paulsen's characters.

The game is a 3D adventure starring Jimmy Neutron and his robotic canine Goddard. In the game, the evil King Goobot has abducted some of Jimmy's friends, so Jimmy must begin an intergalactic quest to save them. While progressing through various locales inspired by the movie, players need to solve puzzles using an assortment of gadgets. Also included are various mini-games to play within an amusement park, as well as hidden movie clips, Rugrats and SpongeBob trailers, character bios, and movie trailers to be unlocked.

Played from a traditional third-person perspective, the game consists of five distinct regions linked together by a main hub. Once players decide on a region, they can enter a portal and then be whisked away to a 3D world. Among the environments players explore are Jimmy's House, an Asteroid Surface, an Asteroid Interior, Yolkus Prime, and Retroland Amusement Park. Each region spans multiple levels, with the goal in each being to find a number of key items and special prizes and a shrunken head. A secondary goal in some levels is to locate friends Carl Wheezer, Cindy Vortex, Rose, Nissa, and Zachary.

Enemies trying to prevent Jimmy from succeeding include giant ants and the blob-like Yokians, with villains Ooblar, Poultra, and King Goobot forming the boss encounters. Players can run, jump, kick, and use an assortment of inventions. Health can be replenished by finding slices of blueberry pie, extra lives are awarded for every ten neutrons found, and weapons include the Shrink Ray, Inflato Ray, and the Jimmy Bat. Three types of vehicles can also be used to traverse the levels, the Goddard Pogo, the Goddard Sled, and the Goddard Scooter.

The game disk includes a behind the scenes feature hosted by Nick Cannon, as well as footage from the movie, shorts, and trailers can be unlocked.

Metacritic gave the GameCube version of the game a score of 42 out of 100 based on four "Generally unfavorable reviews". Elsewhere, GameRankings gave it a score of 81.67% for the Game Boy Advance version, 69% for the PlayStation 2 version, and 40.57% for the GameCube version.


</doc>
<doc id="2294250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2294250" title="Chaos Island: The Lost World">
Chaos Island: The Lost World

Chaos Island: The Lost World (also known as Chaos Island and Chaos Island: The Lost World: Jurassic Park) is a real-time strategy video game for the PC, developed and published by DreamWorks Interactive, and based on the 1997 film "". "Chaos Island" was released in North America on October 30, 1997. In "Chaos Island", the player controls characters displayed on a map, directing where they move with the mouse and giving them commands either with the mouse or from a menu.

The game features six characters from the film, each voiced by the actors who played them in the film: Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum), Dr. Sarah Harding (Julianne Moore), Nick Van Owen (Vince Vaughn), Eddie Carr (Richard Schiff), Kelly Curtis (Vanessa Lee Chester), and John Hammond (Richard Attenborough). Early in the game, Malcolm, Van Owen and Carr are on Isla Nublar (the island where "Jurassic Park" occurred), where they rendezvous with Harding and obtain a DNA serum used to control dinosaurs that they hatch. A freighter then takes them to Isla Sorna (where "The Lost World: Jurassic Park" occurs) and crashes there in a storm.

Future missions are largely spent combating hunters, who are on the island to capture the dinosaurs and take them to a theme park. The hunters are hostile to the playable characters and will attack them on foot, using Jeeps, and tanks in later levels. In one mission, the characters must free a baby "T. Rex" and other captured dinosaurs from the hunters' camp, then in the next, return it to its nest and free the mother, who has been captured by the hunters.

Later in the game, the hunters blow up the playable characters' communications transmitter. The characters make their way to the InGen Communications Center (as in the film) to contact help. In the game's final level, the characters must all make their way to a helipad where they can be picked up. If these missions are completed, a bonus mission is opened where the player can play as the mother "T. Rex" in San Diego making her way to the freighter where her baby is, and combating hunters on the way.

Only Malcolm, Van Owen, Carr and a "Research Assistant" are available from the start; Harding and Curtis become playable shortly into the game. The player can have more than one Research Assistant. Each of the characters has a different level of speed, eyesight (used for uncovering the fog of war) and number of supplies they can carry at one time. Each character can carry a gun that can be used against dinosaurs and hunters. Each character costs a certain number of points when selected for use in a level. There is a limited number of points that can be spent before the level begins, but when collecting supplies, the points can be spent on bringing in characters during the level. Hammond appears in cutscenes between levels.

The game includes three difficulty levels and 12 missions, except on the Easy level of difficulty, where the last two missions are left out. In each mission, the player is required to build a base camp, which can be used for gathering supplies and dinosaur eggs. Any character can build structures. They can then collect supplies which can be found on the map. Among the structures which can be built are shelters for healing characters (Shelters, and Hardened Shelters which heal faster), nests for hatching friendly dinosaurs (Artificial Nest, and Incubator where the egg hatches quicker), High Hides for protecting characters, and buildings where points can be used to upgrade character speed, eyesight, and defense.

The game's plot also requires the characters to breed and train a team of fighting dinosaurs that can be used against enemies. Eight dinosaurs from the films are featured, including "Parasaurolophus", "Compsognathus", "Pachycephalosaurus", "Dilophosaurus", "Stegosaurus", "Velociraptor", "Triceratops" and "Tyrannosaurus". The game begins with just the first two, with stronger dinosaurs appearing in later missions. All wild dinosaurs (which wear white collars) are generally hostile to both the characters and hunters. However, the game features dinosaur nests with eggs, which can be collected by the characters and hatched, producing dinosaurs wearing blue collars which can be controlled by the player. 

Herbivorous dinosaurs can replenish their health by eating plants, while carnivores do so by eating hunters or other dinosaurs. In the last three missions, the hunters become able to hatch dinosaurs of their own, which wear red collars and are hostile to the player. There are situations where wild dinosaurs can be lured or baited in to fighting hunters as they tend to attack nearby characters on either side; sometimes hunters also provoke them.

Noah Falstein was the lead designer for "Chaos Island". Falstein considered "Chaos Island" to be a challenging concept, being a real-time strategy game aimed at young children between the ages of 8 and 12. "Chaos Island" was unveiled at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) in June 1997.

With production running smoothly, the development team chose to begin adding a special final level to the game just a few months prior to its release. Falstein has noted that the game is somewhat-unknown, particularly because of an advance order of 200,000 copies of the game intended for distribution in Europe that was rejected by DreamWorks. The game engine used for "Chaos Island" was later updated and re-used for "Small Soldiers Squad Commander", a real-time strategy game released in 1998.

Cindy Yans of "Computer Games Magazine" rated the game three stars out of five and wrote that the game "has the look and feel of the original Command & Conquer," although she noted that the artificial intelligence was not perfect. Yans wrote that players with limited real-time strategy experience would enjoy the game's mini-missions. Yans noted that the film's actors provided their voices "in a limited number of annoyingly repetitive sound bytes during mission play… with some good humor [...]. In the inter-mission briefings, however, the actors' presence is much easier to swallow. It is a nice touch to hear Jeff Goldblum instruct us about the upcoming mission."

David Laprad of The Adrenaline Vault gave the game two stars out of five and was surprised that some of the film's actors were "associated with such a low-grade product," writing that the actors generally have "very few lines, even fewer of which are used effectively, so the voice acting adds nothing to the product except a blurb on the outside of the box intended to increase sales." Laprad said the game had an outdated look in comparison to other games released at that time, and criticized some characters for being animated so small that "it is impossible to determine exactly what it is they are doing at any point during gameplay." Laprad criticized the game's early levels for being "really nothing more than training missions that introduce players to the basic elements of gameplay" and wrote that "there simply isn't enough here to make the game worth playing." Laprad also criticized the seemingly "pointless" missions and the lack of a multiplayer mode, and wrote, "My main complaint is that the game is boring."

Laprad wrote that the game "makes a critical error [...] by not providing a hot key for assigning units or groups of units and calling them up on the fly; no respectable real-time strategy game makes this mistake." Laprad also criticized the game for "one very frustrating bug that can absolutely wreck a player's progress on a mission," in which team members that are not present at a save point will often be excluded from the level when it is reloaded. Laprad also criticized the game's "dated" sound effects for being "oddly out of sync," and said that they "rarely accurately convey the event they are intended to represent." Laprad also criticized the game's orchestral music. Although Laprad praised the game's control and responsive characters, he concluded that, "Chaos Island is remedial real-time strategy. There is very little depth to the undemanding and simplistic gameplay."

Tahsin Shamma of "Computer Gaming World" praised the graphics and real-time gameplay, and stated that while it was "not as sophisticated" as other mission-based real-time games, "it's great fun for those who loved the movie." Richard Moore, writing for Australian newspaper "The Age", called "Chaos Island" "a good game" for children, and stated, "The graphics are not great but it is fun and it requires that you use your head." On a five-star scale, Moore gave the game's graphics and sound two stars, while awarding the playability three stars.



</doc>
<doc id="2294286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2294286" title="Doctor Who: Destiny of the Doctors">
Doctor Who: Destiny of the Doctors

Doctor Who: Destiny of the Doctors is a PC video game based on the British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It was released on 5 December 1997 by BBC Multimedia.

A collaboration between BBC Multimedia and the British developer Studio Fish, "Destiny of the Doctors" is a CD-ROM which received an 11+ age rating from ELSPA. It is supported by Microsoft Windows 95 and works on all subsequent forms of Windows, though some PCs running XP and Vista experience compatibility issues. It was released in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Australia, as well as some countries in Europe, and found modest acclaim from some magazines, including the now defunct "PC Planet".

The game featured extensive, newly recorded audio dialogue by Tom Baker, Peter Davison, Colin Baker, Sylvester McCoy and Nicholas Courtney. William Hartnell and Patrick Troughton were represented by a voice actor impersonating their portrayals of the First and Second Doctors. The substitute Hartnell and Troughton clips were laced with artificial grain to simulate vintage recordings. Jon Pertwee originally agreed to appear in the game but died before recording could take place; by agreement with his widow, Ingeborg Pertwee, he was represented in the game using audio clips from the television series. The game also contains Anthony Ainley's final recorded performance as the Master before his death. It also marks the first, and only, time that Ainley played the Master with a natural, grown beard rather than a false one.

The story was written by longtime "Doctor Who" writer Terrance Dicks.


"Note: David Coker voiced the First Doctor and Second Doctor.

The Doctor's nemesis the Master has taken control of the planet Siralos, which is made of "pure psychic energy". With this planet's power, he plans to mould the universe into his will. To begin, he takes the first seven incarnations of the Doctor out of time and space and puts them in the Determinant, a domain he has created from the conquered will of Siralos. He plans to eradicate any trace of the Doctor from time and space, so he may be free to rebuild the cosmos as he pleases. However, the player's character, the Graak (a psychic being created by the Doctor), pledges to stop the Master's plans, and the game begins.

The Graak is an intelligent, psychic and seemingly altruistic organism, turquoise in colour and resembling a jellyfish. It floats about four feet from the ground, and has no visible organs nor any recognizable features. The Master states that the Graak is protoplasmic. Although it has no limbs, the Graak is dexterous enough to be able to handle items such as a sonic screwdriver and a radio transmitter. It only speaks when it asks the Doctor questions as part of a challenge, and has a high voice varying in tone and inflection (implying that speaking is a strain). When the Master calls the Graak "a good little doggie", it is heard to bark.

It is a matter of debate as to how the game fits into the continuity of "Doctor Who". There are references to the "seven complete incarnations of the Doctor", with no reference made to either the Eighth Doctor, despite the game being released some time after the 1996 TV movie. However, the TARDIS database does vaguely mention the Seventh Doctor's regeneration. It has been speculated that the Master's imprisonment at the end of the game is by the Daleks, which would then lead into the opening of the TV Movie. This could also explain the absence of any mention of the Eighth Doctor (if the events of the game are set before the TV Movie).
The bulk of the game takes place in the Doctor's TARDIS (and, on occasion, the Master's TARDIS, reached via "junctions" between the two time machines). The game begins in the Console Room of the Fourth Doctor's TARDIS, and the player must then select one of the Doctor's seven incarnations and activate the TARDIS to go in search of them.

Upon reaching the TARDIS of the selected Doctor (and also before almost every puzzle in the game), the player can use a "Time Winder" (a pyramid-like save point) and then set out into the TARDIS to find the Master (and, accordingly, the Doctor).

Upon leaving the Console Room, the player, as the Graak, must find the Great Divide: a chasm which separates the TARDIS from the Determinant. However, the Master has placed several of the Doctor's enemies in the TARDIS to make things more difficult for the Graak, such as Daleks, Cybermen, Autons, Ice Warriors, Quarks, Sea Devils, Silurians, Sontarans, Yeti and Zygons. There are weapons and implements in the TARDIS that can be used to incapacitate or kill these monsters, some of which can be kept throughout the quest (such as the sonic screwdriver, or a radio used to contact Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart for advice and hints), and others which can only be used for a limited time (such as Dalekanium and watering cans).

Upon reaching the Great Divide, the player selects a symbol and the Master gives the Graak a riddle. During the loading time, a map of the area of the TARDIS the player will explore is shown. The Graak will have to complete a certain objective (e.g. perform the "Doctor Who" theme on floor tiles), find certain information on monsters or Doctors (either from the Doctor's "City of Thoughts" database in his TARDIS or from the Master's "Monster Database"), or collect an item (such as a Stattenheim remote, or a Nestene Consciousness control sphere). Whilst the player is scouring the TARDIS(es), they may use telepathic links with the Doctor (resembling the TV title sequence effect of the Third Doctor's episodes) and the Doctor will give a short clue to the player. Having completed their task (out of a possible 28 tasks), the Graak then returns and gives the Master the item, or crosses a grid of tiles, or selects the true Doctor out of three possible choices, or similar. If the player fails, they will have to begin again (from the nearest Time Winder). If they succeed, they will have to face the Master in the Determinant. If they defeat the Master, that incarnation of the Doctor is freed:


The game received mixed reviews.
PC Gamer saw the game as part of a larger trend of disappointing Doctor Who games despite the rich subject matter. In analaying the challenging Doctor Who poses to video gaming, the site noted that the personality of the Doctor himself would necessitate abstract item puzzles or dialogue-based puzzles rather than action-oriented gameplay.

All of Anthony Ainley's recorded scenes as the Master from this game were included on the DVD release of "Survival" but without the background music played in them."



</doc>
<doc id="2294321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2294321" title="Granado Espada">
Granado Espada

Granado Espada is a Korean fantasy MMORPG developed by IMC Games Co.,Ltd. Originally released in South Korea in February 2006, the English localizations were launched in the summer of 2007 in North America and Southeast Asia. "Granado Espada" won the 2006 Korean Presidential Award for Best Graphics and Game of the Year, with features previously unseen in an MMORPG (such as the ability for players to control multiple characters at the same time). "Granado Espada" features a unique art style based on the Baroque period of Europe, differing from the standard “sword and sorcery” fantasy themes of the genre.

The world of "Granado Espada" takes place on a newly discovered continent based on the Americas during the Age of Exploration. The world is divided into different maps and grouped into themed regions such as forests, tropical jungles, plains, swamps, deserts and ice fields.

The continent, currently under the control of the fictional Kingdom of Vespanola as a colony, is in a crisis due to negligence by the home nation due to a war in the Old World. On the continent itself, internal strife has arisen from the feud between the Royalists supporting the Vespanolan crown, and the Republicans campaigning for independence. Therefore, the Vespanolan Queen has ordered a policy of Reconquista for the continent by attracting more people from the Old World to settle there. The player takes the role of a pioneering family from the Old World, eager to explore the continent and eliminate elements that will threaten the survival of its people.

 "Granado Espada" distinguishes itself from many modern-day MMORPGs with a Multiple Character Control (MCC) system. Rather than playing one character at a time, or using multiple clients, a player may control a party of up to three characters simultaneously. This aspect of the game gives it more of the feel of traditional, non-networked role-playing video games. Up to three characters can be selected to be part of a team in the Barracks Mode or Quarters. Any member of the party can be selected to be part of a team, regardless of differences in levels or classes.

Dungeons in "Granado Espada" are interspersed between towns and generally composed of three to five levels with successively more difficult mobs. 
Boxes and barrels are a unique feature of dungeons - and part of the anti-AFK features of the game. They randomly spawn throughout the dungeon, and if destroyed they release a group of monsters to
attack the players.

The final levels of the first two dungeons - Al Quelt Moreza and the Tetra Ruins - end with a main quest storyline Mission Room for a single player, or a room in which a boss mob may be challenged by teams of players. Missions are instances, wherein players get their own "instance" of a specific map just for themselves. Thus there can be several players attempting to kill a boss in a dungeon, each within their own instances.

There are Waypoints or (player chosen) save locations that players may teleport to by using a warp scroll. Five locations may be saved initially. Up to five more waypoint locations may be purchased from the Cash Shop (Bazaar).

Teleporters or Warps also exist to teleport players to fixed areas in the game using an item called the Teleport/Warp scroll. A new player is able to visit the three main towns (Reboldeaux, Port of Coimbra and Auch) from the beginning, and is not required to conduct exploration trips to find them. Both zone maps and a global map is provided to help players navigate through the game.

Quests are an important part of the game, though the quantity and quality varies at different levels. They provide some rewards such as "Vis" (the game's currency), experience cards, Glaziums (polishers), equipments or recruitable NPCs cards. Various NPCs throughout the towns and in some dungeon locations may be approached to initiate quests, which, like in traditional MMORPG format, usually consist of killing a number of monsters and/or obtaining their drops. With the release of Pioneering quests, players are able to delve into the story revolving around Granado Espada and its colonial power, Vespanola, in addition to the various factions on the continent itself, allowing new players to build on their quests bit-by-bit.

Granado Espada has a main quest line that extends to the highest levels and zones: the Frozen Fields of the north, Errac (Zeia), the mysterious southwestern region of Castilla, as well as the isolated isle of Viron (Byron). Access to the high-level end game raids such as the Ice Wizard's Tower, Mufasa of the Occulta Fortress, Tower of Chaos in Castilla in addition to Lucifer Castle can only be gained by completing the main pioneering quest line and other prerequisite quests.

Shiny crystals are a new addition to the game since V5.0. These crystals are common drops from lower level mobs and can be turned in for pioneer weapons and armors designed to help a pre-veteran character gain levels more easily. In addition, all pioneer equipments at levels 1, 20, 40 and 60 have the base stats of items 20 levels higher, while level 80 pioneer equipments have the same stats as a normal level 96 equipment (currently removed).

"Granado Espada" has a Dueling System by which a player may issue a challenge to another player's team. Both teams then enter a combat arena separate from the rest of the actual game world to do battle. This feature is available by clicking on the other family's name for a duel and also available at PvP officers in the Major cities (Reboldoeux, Coimbra, Auch) where four types of battles are available.

Another method for PvP is through the Baron system. In Player-kill (PK) servers, players are able to forcibly attack another player without their consent, and in the process become a baron as a penalty like dropping their items in inventory from baron level 1 to 4, while at level 5 baron they would start to drop their equipped item. Barons are not able to speak with NPCs and are treated as mobs while on the field. Being in baron mode also allows player access to Los Toldos, a hideout for barons, and to get the opportunity to complete quests within there. To remove the Baron mode, players must kill mobs that enable them to decrease their Baron points. Once they reach zero, the player will be able to get out of Baron mode.

In the past, players would only be able to PvP with those playing in the same server. With the introduction of the Cross-World PvP system in Version 5.0, players from different servers are able to duel each other in individual or team modes. The individual or team which wins at least three rounds will be declared the winner. Points are acquired or deducted based on the number of matches the player wins or loses. Additional benefits including experience points and purchase points for the Cross-World PvP shop are also awarded to players regardless of whether they win or lose. To encourage participation, there is also a ladder system in which players are ranked according to the points they receive through winning or losing matches.

Initially, players are able to create their own family from five stock models, namely - the Fighter, Musketeer, Wizard, Scout, and Elementalist. As the player progresses through the game, NPC characters can be recruited into the player's family. The said characters' fighting abilities can be customized through learning and developing various fighting stances, in addition to equipping them with various armors and accessories with different options. Costumes also play a large role in the customization process, and many have been developed for both the stock characters and RNPCs.

All characters are assumed to be from the same family. They all share the same family surname that is used to identify a player in game. Characters are generated and maintained within a Barracks System. It allows players to see all of their active characters, and use the "Dressing Room" to create new characters if space permits. Each individual barrack may hold up to nine characters. Each country's version of Granado Espada provides a different number of initial starting slots with a new account. Using in-game money or the cash shop, users can expand their slots. Every ninth slot automatically opens a new barrack. Therefore, if the player has 20 slots, barracks one and two are full and the player has two characters in the third.

Based on the Korean regional server version, there are currently a maximum of twelve barracks (108 characters) per account.

Granado Espada allows the trading of RNPC (Recruitable NPCs) or UPC (Unique Playable Character) cards between different players, allowing combinations of teams with more than one of the same RNPC, as a player may only obtain a particular RNPC card once. The card is used up once the RNPC is created in the Barracks.

Some RNPCs may only be purchased by using items from the Cash Shop (Bazaar). Soso (Feng Ling), Baek-Ho (Baihu), Angie, Kurt and Eduardo (Edward) are examples of this class of RNPCs (No longer pay in cash shop). Their cards are not tradeable. Instead, one must purchase a Mercenary card from the Cash Shop (Bazaar). Using the said Mercenary License card, the RNPC is "Merced" and can then be traded.

Premium RNPCs, for example, Emilia the Sage, can be obtained by the code provided in the Granado Espada Limited Signature Edition Box Set. Depending on which regional server the player is on, other RNPCs such as Panfilo the Battlecook, Idge the Battlesmith can be purchased from the Cash Shop while Ralph is only available during promotions. The Japanese server has its own unique RNPCs Mifuyu, which can only be obtained for a limited period through a quest, and Andre de Lou-Oshiba, a recent addition based on the real-life Japanese comedian. Other regional servers starting from the Korean server has since modified Mifuyu and released her as Asoka, with different stats and stances. The Japanese server has since released an alternate Asoka with a dark-colored scheme compared the original Mifuyu, who sports a red/white-color scheme.

A Family may join a faction (clan). A faction can hold up to a hundred players. When a faction feels it is powerful enough, it may challenge and attempt to complete two quests to raise its faction/clan level to 51, then 52. Upon completion of the second quest, a faction may choose to join either the Royalist or Republican Party, in which faction members gain a buff which raises their family level.

Every Saturday evening (North American time) or Sunday evening (Singapore time) these factions compete against each other in a Colony War to control the colonies located in various zones of the world map. As an incentive, factions which occupy a colony are rewarded with vis based on the number of colonies they occupy.

With the V7.0 patch, factions may join either Lealtad (Esmero) or Gleichstellung (Souveran), which are the secret militant arms of the Royalist and Republican parties respectively. Individual faction members can also join these secret societies to gain access to side-quests as well as to raise their respective factions' levels. For every five members who join their faction's affiliated secret society, the faction's level will increase by one as well as increases its members' attack damage on mobs by 2% per level gained.

In addition, players belonging to these two opposing secret societies will square off in three different zones, namely the three towns of Cite de Reboldeoux, Port of Coimbra and the City of Auch. This full-scale Alliance War is available every Saturday, and lasts for 90 minutes. Opposing parties not only have to defeat enemy players, but also acquire items scattered all over the map or disarm the opposing party's leader and his/her followers to gain points to gain victory.

Each class has several Stances which have varying level and equipment dependencies. Each stance's level is independent from a character's level. As the character levels a stance they gain skill points that can be used within that stance in addition to increasing the stance's stat bonuses. A stance may have up to five different skills which are unlocked as the stance levels up. Additional generic stances may be purchased at the class Master, from Emilia for constellation expert stances, while some are rewarded via quests.

One feature of stances is that stances which have the same equipment requirements can be swapped on the fly using the F5-F8 keys (alternatively, using the number keys 4-7). The musketeer's "Standing Shot" and "Kneeling Shot" stances are examples of this, as well as the fighter's "Back Guard" and "High Guard" stances.

However, stances are limited in that only particular stances may be used with a certain equipment type, e.g., a fighter wanting to use the Roof Guard stance would have to use a Great Sword, rather than a sword and shield. A musketeer wanting to use the Flintlock stance would have to use a Rifle, rather than a pistol. A stance is usable only when it is learned; unlearned stances are greyed-out and unavailable for use.

When a new player starts out, their character starts out at Level 1, while the RNPCs he or she recruits start out at various levels. When the characters reach level 100, they are able to be promoted with the use of 25 Shiny Crystals to become Veterans, and in the process create a new leveling system. In later updates, players gain the ability to move beyond Veteran level to become Experts (Level 110-120) and Masters (Level 120 and above).

HanbitSoft, the publisher of the Granado Espada, manages the Korean and Japanese (under its subsidiary Hanbit Ubiquitous Entertainment) servers by itself while regional servers are licensed to various online game companies based in their respective regions.

K2 Network announced in January 2007 that they would be bringing "Granado Espada" to the North American and European markets in Summer 2007 under the title of "Sword of the New World". Originally released under a pay-to-play model, the game later became free-to-play on August 21, 2007. K2 Network was subsequently renamed GamersFirst and changed the name of the North American server to "Sword 2". GamersFirst announced on 31 October 2012, that due to the expiration of the licensing contract with IMCGames, North American operations of the game would be transferred to T3Fun, a subsidiary of the Korean publisher HanbitSoft. Although GamersFirst had a functional server for the European market, publishing rights for the EU market would be transferred to RNTS Media GmbH after the expiration of the contract. RNTSgames has announced the name of the EU regional server to be "Granado Espada - Resurrection".

On 10 August 2007, IAHGames, the company which the game is licensed to in Singapore, Malaysia, the Philippines, Vietnam as well as Australia and New Zealand, announced its business model for "Granado Espada". Subsequently, they informed players that on August 30, 2007, the game would become commercial. IAHGames gave players a 90-day free trial if they achieved Level 20 by that time. New players had a free five-day trial period and after which, they are required to pay. On December 5, 2007, as with other regional servers, the game became free-to-play. On 27 April 2017, IAHGames ceased game service in SEA Server operation.

After more than three years of operation The9, licensee and operator of the mainland Chinese regional server, has announced that it would terminate Granado Espada's game service, citing the expiration of its contract with IMC Games. It has since stopped accepting new registrants from September 22, 2010, and began to wind down the regional server gradually. On the midnight of November 22, 2010, the servers officially went down. Game service in Mainland China subsequently resumed in March, 2011 under a new licensee. Astrum Nival, the operator of the Russian regional server, has ceased game service on November 30, 2012. This marked the first time that a Granado Espada regional server has completely ceased service without any transfer to another local operator.

The latest content theme for the Korean server is "Return to Orpesia". After defeating the evil Viscount Montoro, the player gets the opportunity to return to the old continent of Orpesia, where Bristia, the defeated enemy of Vespanola, announces the opening of a sea route to the New World, linking the midway island of Viron (Byron) to the Bristian port city of Kielce. The player then gets involved in a new main quest line and aids the Bristian Liberation Army to free their homeland from Vespanolan hegemony.

With the release of the "Return to Orpesia" expansion, version numberings have returned to 1.0, with an added "B", which either stands for "Bristia" or "Beginning" to symbolize a major milestone in the game's content and storyline. As of April 2013, the Korean, Japanese, Taiwanese, Southeast Asian and North American regional servers have upgraded to the new "Return to Orpesia" series. However, the Korean servers reverted to the original version numberings on January 9, 2013, reason being that the new "B" version series caused confusion. Thus, IMC decided to revert to the original numberings which is still used by its internal development team. Subsequent patches to other regional servers also followed suit.

The current version is Symphonia Episode 2 in T3Fun server.

Critical reaction to the North American release has been mixed. IGN's Metacritic lists an average rating for the game at 66, which is also the listed industry average for all games at the site. GameRankings has the game listed at a similar figure of 70%. GameSpot gave a rating of 4.0 (out of 10.0) citing "tedious quests and little payoff". IGN expressed similar concerns, noting the familiar grind between many other Korean MMOs. "You know, it's frustrating because as much as you want to like this game, unless Korean is your preferred flavor of MMO, you probably just won't."

X play on G4 gave it a 4 out of 5; Reviewer Adam Sessler was pleased, noting that out of all the free MMORPGs this one was worth playing, saying it was refreshing to have a setting other than a fantasy world, and citing the unique gameplay mechanic of the MCC system. PC Gamer magazine, also gave it a positive review, giving the game a 90% out of 100% rating, saying it ""offered a fresh feel through small improvements and one substantial innovation"" compared to other Korean MMOs.



</doc>
<doc id="2295048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2295048" title="Area 51 (2005 video game)">
Area 51 (2005 video game)

Area 51 is a science fiction first-person shooter video game that was released in 2005. It was developed by Midway Studios Austin and published by Midway for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows, silently canceled for Nintendo GameCube. It is a loose remake of the 1995 light gun video game of the same name, and was followed in 2007 by the loosely related "". The player controls Ethan Cole, a HAZMAT operative sent to the Area 51 base to assist in the cleanup of a mutagenic virus.

Notable among the voice actors are David Duchovny as Ethan Cole, Marilyn Manson as Edgar the ancient and powerful Grey, Powers Boothe as Major Bridges, Nolan North as McCan, and Ian Abercrombie as Dr. Cray.

"Area 51" is a first-person shooter, played from the perspective of the protagonist, Ethan Cole. The game features operable machinery, including artillery turrets, besides the player's inventory of weapons.

Throughout the game, the player uses a variety of weapons, both human and alien in origin, to defeat their adversaries. Most weapons can only be wielded one handed, however the player can dual wield some weapons, such as the Shotgun and the Sub-Machine Gun. Each weapon can also be used as a melee weapon for close quarter combat. Each weapon has two modes of firing, the first being the primary method, while the second is of a much higher power level, at the cost of ammunition and accuracy to the player. The player can also use explosive grenades.

Midway through the game, Ethan Cole becomes infected with the mutagen, and the option to turn into a mutant temporarily is obtained. Mutating offers a variety of benefits, such as increased strength, stamina, as well as the initial ability to fire health-replenishing parasites as well as the later ability to contaminate enemies, both at the cost of mutation time reduction. While in a mutant form, players can easily spot enemies, which would otherwise be cloaked to the regular human eye, albeit with a slight ocular defect.

Players can replenish health and mutagen either through the use of medical syringes found throughout the game or by using parasites, and mutagen by melee combat or "using" infected corpses, or by finding mutagen syringes.

A notable aspect of gameplay is the ability to scan and analyze various objects in the game environment. This is possible by using the scanner present on the player's suit, worn throughout the game. While using a scanner, the player has no access to weapons, and must switch to an available weapon in order to fight (though they could still melee). Scanning provides detailed information on a player's surroundings, as well as combated enemies.

The scanner, when equipped, adds a translucent bar to the player's HUD, which changes in color and height from light blue, to deep red. This bar indicates how near or far a player is, to one of many scannable clues, such as file folders or personal digital assistants. The scanner can collect information from the items without it being touched. The HUD shows red when the player is very close, and blue when very far. Items which are scanned are viewable in-game, providing insight into the workings of Area 51, as well as proving necessary to unlocking secret videos made by Dr. Cray or Mr. White.

In July 1947, an alien spacecraft crashed near Roswell, New Mexico in the United States. The craft was recovered by the U.S. Air Force and taken to Area 51 in Nevada, where the lone survivor of the crash, a powerful Grey named Edgar (Marilyn Manson), was held captive by the U.S. military. Eventually, the Greys opened a dialogue with the Illuminati led by the ominous Mr. White (Phil Proctor), and struck a deal with them. The Illuminati would give the Greys a research base 3 miles below the surface of Area 51, the use of the base as a landing site, and give them human test subjects where they, along with human scientists, would research a mutagenic virus to use in a war on their homeworld. In return the Greys would give the Illuminati exclusive access to Grey technology. The Illuminati used some of this technology to spy on the population.

The Greys and the human scientists eventually developed a powerful alien being - known as the "Theta", which spread the virus. Unbeknownst to many of the scientists working on the project, the Greys and the Illuminati were also planning to use the virus against the Earth population and dominate the planet. When Dr. Winston Cray (Ian Abercrombie) found out about the plan, he let loose the "Theta" and the mutagenic virus throughout Area 51, in an effort to slow them down. This prompted the military to send in a Quick Reaction Force led by Major Bridges (Powers Boothe) to quarantine and contain the virus. HAZMAT Team Delta, the first team initially sent into Area 51 are ambushed by the "Theta" creature, sustaining casualties, before withdrawing deeper into the base. HAZMAT Team Bravo, composed of team leader Ramirez, McCan, Crispy, and mission specialist Ethan Cole (David Duchovny) is sent to find Delta.

After initially encountering the mutants, McCan is killed when a mutant decapitates him. Deeper into the base, Crispy and Ramirez are both ambushed by the Theta and killed, leaving Cole on his own. Cole manages to locate the rest of Delta, however they are attacked again by the Theta, and all but Cole and Lieutenant Chew are killed. Making their way topside, the Illuminati disables the cargo elevator, killing Chew and leaving Cole bitten by one mutant, partially mutating him. Able to switch between human and mutant form, Cole is guided deeper into the base by Edgar reanimating corpses to deliver information telepathically. Cole is guided to Dr. Cray's bio labs, where Cray claims there is time to decontaminate Cole, and rid him of the virus. Before he can be cured, the Illuminati attack, killing Cray and stopping the process.

Cole proceeds deeper underground into a cave system, where he eventually gets reacquainted with the Theta. He manages to kill the creature, avenging both his team and HazTeam Delta. He meets Edgar miles beneath the surface who reveals the scientists used his DNA to create the virus, and the nature of the experiments at the base, which killed dozens of his species to harvest it. He then tells Cole the history of the Greys and Area 51. Edgar gives Cole the cure to the mutagenic virus, and instructs him to destroy the Grey's ship, that is leaving with dozens of Theta duplicates. Cole locates the vessel and destroys it by overloading its reactor, and uses a teleporter to escape into the Nevada desert. He lands by the "White Mailbox" area and watches Area 51 being destroyed by the exploding ship in a tornado like explosion. Cole watches as a truck drives past, with a green, alien-like container on board with unknown contents inside and walks away from the site. He reflects upon his original purpose at Area 51 and recognizes that while he and Hazmat Team Bravo had failed, their sacrifices may have saved mankind.

The PlayStation 2 version received "generally favorable reviews", while the PC and Xbox versions received "average reviews", according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

In 2004, ahead of the game's release, Paramount Pictures announced that they had reached an agreement concerning the film rights for the game. In March 2007, comic book author Grant Morrison was hired to adapt the game as a screenplay. This project is unrelated to the movie "Area 51" by Oren Peli.


</doc>
<doc id="2295738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2295738" title="Axis &amp; Allies (2004 video game)">
Axis &amp; Allies (2004 video game)

Axis & Allies is a real-time strategy World War II video game developed by TimeGate Studios and published by Atari, Inc. for the Windows XP and older platforms. The game was released on November 2, 2004. It is based on the board game series "Axis & Allies" from Milton Bradley and also on TimeGate's . Set in the years after Japan and the United States entered into the war, the game allows the player to act as a WWII commander to build military forces to fight against other generals, using and technologies from the war. Thus, the player is able to rewrite and recreate the history of WWII. Correspondingly, the game's tagline is, "World War II is in your hands."

The game as a whole is TimeGate's best-selling game release, upon the company's closure in 2013. The game performed decent in reviews and was received with satisfaction, although some review sites claimed the game fell short in terms of AI mechanics and in an overemphasis on base management.

Axis & Allies RTS is the name used to distinguish the game from "Axis & Allies", the name of the popular board game series. Axis & Allies: Collector's Edition was released as a new name for the game on August 28, 2006 by new distributor Encore Software.

In "Axis & Allies", the player assumes the role of a military general of one of the five superpowers of World War II: the United States, Great Britain, Germany, Russia, and Japan. Each nation has access to its own unique military units, such as snipers for Russia, flamethrower tanks for Great Britain, and king tiger tanks for Germany. Four generals exist for each nation, with each general having access to unique Special Operation abilities, such as summoning fake tanks, deploying a secret agent, or giving an area buff to friendly units. Particularly noteworthy are the most expensive Special Operations, which include large damaging area of effect abilities such as carpet bombing, kamikazes, V-weapons, and nuclear bombs.

The player battles against other generals in one of three game modes: World War II, custom game, and campaign mode. Gameplay is played mainly in the real-time strategy genre, though turn-based strategy is used in WWII mode. The primary objective of gameplay is to destroy all opposing enemy military forces, though some campaigns and maps require other objectives to be completed, such as capturing certain cities, escorting a caravan, or defending a specific area. A "City Control" percentage option may be enabled, in which the winner of the battle goes to the first side/team to capture a set percentage of cities on the map.

Like in other RTS games, the player must expend resources to construct buildings and recruit units to fight the enemy, while maintaining an economy, progressing through a build tree, and researching upgrades. In standard gameplay, the player deploys building trucks from a Corps HQ, the main military headquarters building. These building trucks can "unpack" into all other essential buildings, which aid in producing combat units, technologies, and the three major resources of the game: money, ammo, and oil. Money is obtained as a constant flow of revenue from specific buildings and is used to purchase combat units and technologies, whereas ammo and oil are static resources provided by buildings, and are used for combat unit upkeep. Combat units of their corresponding types are deployed from four classes of buildings: Infantry, Airborne, Mechanized, and Armor Division HQs.

"Axis & Allies" also includes special gameplay features, such as regimental control, chained supply, and morale.

"Regiments" are the base combat groups that the player can control. A regiment is composed of a certain squad of units, where a unit can be, for example, an Anti-Tank Infantry, a Halftrack, or a Light Tank. The player controls the entire regiment as a whole, but cannot select and control its individual units. Every unit within a regiment is different, for example, a tank destroyer will paralyze units while mortar units will splash bombard. A regiment can be toggled into three states of unit formation, which trade the regiment's movement speed for attack efficiency, meaning hit-and-run attacks are less damaging than slow advances. There is also a feature called "entrenchment" in which a regiment gains a large defensive bonus if idle for a certain period of time. Furthermore, regiments gain experience from battles and have four tiers of veterancy, which improve the attack and defense of the regiment's units with each level.

The game includes three types of units: ground units, air units, and naval units. All regiments are made up of ground units; they are blocked by mountains and slowed by forests, sand, and cities, though infantry units gain a defensive bonus while in forests or cities. Secondly, air units can fly over mountains, but they move and attack automatically; they can be deployed but not controlled by the player. Thirdly, naval units travel in water, but can neither be healed nor recruited, and thus they only appear in campaigns.

In addition, the game employs a feature called a zone of supply for replenishing regiments, defined by a surrounding green border. Regiments heal and replace missing troops within the zone of supply through "chaining" to Division HQs of their type. The player's main Corps HQ, as well as cities, are the primary sources for emanating the zone of supply. Other buildings can extend the zone of supply so that regiments far from a base of operations can replenish troops. In addition, most buildings are able to be packed and relocated to redraw supply lines, if needed.

Battles are also fought around a special feature called morale, which represents a regiment's tendency to rout from battle. Each regiment features a morale bar, which decreases as the regiment is engaged in battle. If morale drops below a threshold, the regiment's banner will flash white and the regiment makes an uncontrolled retreat away from the enemy. If the morale bar reaches zero, the regiment becomes frozen in place until it either gains its morale back or is killed. This makes prolonging battles costly, but the player can avoid regiments from routing by manually retreating them before their morale drops too low. Enemy artillery fire and flame attacks diminish the morale bar more rapidly. Some Special Operation abilities are used to affect the morale of friendly and enemy units.

WWII mode is a game mode which allows the player to wage war across the globe in a traditional turn-based fashion. It resembles a turn-based computer variant of the "Axis & Allies" board games, but with the option to fight battles in RTS mode. The player fights WWII in how they see fit, effectively "changing the course of history."

At the start, the player chooses a nation and a general to play as, then the game displays a game board showing a panoramic map of the world with territory tiles. A number of territories, such as Australia or Germany, have defensive pieces already in place. The player and computer players take turns purchasing infantry, mechanized, armor, and air support pieces from their home country and move them across the map to engage enemy armies and territories. Each nation has reduced recruitment cost for a specific military piece; for example, Germany recruits cheaper armor pieces, Russia has cheaper infantry pieces, and Japan has cheaper air support pieces. Moreover, each nation can purchase technologies to increase the chance that its battles will be successful; these are the same researches encountered in RTS mode. Either the Allies or Axis wins when two capitals of the opposing side are conquered.

Battles that occur are chosen by the player to be fought in either of two ways: as a "quick resolve" battle or as an "RTS battle". "Quick resolves" are computerized simulations of the battles and the outcome is immediate. Probability of victory is based on army sizes and technologies researched by the attacking and defending armies. In contrast, "RTS battles" are fought using the normal real-time strategy mode. These battles procedurally generate their maps from the board game state. The quantity of military pieces attacking and defending a territory determines each player's starting money and starting forces in the RTS battle. Furthermore, the particular types of pieces contesting a territory restricts the types of units (i.e. infantry, mechanized, armor, air) that each player is able to deploy. A special feature is that if pieces converge to attack from multiple territories, forces appear in the corresponding directions in the battle. In addition, these battles take place in the appropriate biomes of the contested territories (e.g. island, coastal region, desert, forestland).

There are only two major resources in WWII mode: money and technologies. Money is used to purchase military pieces and technologies. It is obtained every turn as the sum of the income values of controlled territories. Technologies, on the other hand, are purchased to increase the probability of victory in "quick resolve" battles. Purchasing technologies also pre-researches them in RTS battles.

The primary rules of the board game are as follows. If an attacking army defeats a defending army, the weakest piece of the defeated army is destroyed and the rest of the army retreats to a nearby allied territory. If the defending army is unable to retreat to nearby allied territory (i.e. completely surrounded), then the entire army is destroyed. However, if the defender is the victor, then the weakest piece of the attacker's army is destroyed and the rest of the attacking army retreats back to their original territory. If a piece moves into a neutral territory or an abandoned enemy territory, it will automatically capture that territory at the start of the next turn.

In contrast to the "Axis & Allies" board games, each player can only attack one territory per turn. Also, naval and air units are not built on the board but appear only during an RTS battle resolution. Moreover, each movable game piece is only given a movement speed of one tile.

Custom battle is a game mode in which real-time strategy battles are played on either a randomly generated map or on a pre-built map. Both randomly-generated and pre-built maps allow up to 8 players, and are played with the computer or online with real players. For randomly-generated maps, the player is allowed to choose the map's biome (e.g. desert, jungle, grassland), what land features are present on the map (e.g. mountains, forests, sand), how much money and experience points each player starts out with, and many other options. "Axis & Allies"' built-in random map generator then procedurally generates the map according to the terrain options selected. When playing on a randomly generated map, each player always starts in random locations on the map with the iconic setup of a primary Corps HQ building, some bunker defenses, and a supply depot truck. Gameplay proceeds as usual until a victor is decided by the victory condition of either destroying all enemies or capturing a set percentage of cities, if that option is set.

The "Axis & Allies" Map Editor allows players to make their own custom battle maps to play in both singleplayer and multiplayer mode. Players are able to customize many map options, including player starting units, scenery objects, terrain layout, audio sources, and game triggers. Game triggers allow for custom creation of cutscenes, unit & VFX spawns, storylines, and military objectives.

Multiplayer games are played in the format of a custom battle; the other two game modes, WWII mode and Campaign mode, are not available for online play. Online players play in solo or team battles on randomly generated maps, or on official or player-created maps. A maximum of 12 players is allowed to join a single game, but only a maximum of 8 players is allowed to actually play. Players who are not playing are allowed to spectate in-game. Players can save multiplayer films, host rooms and games, and make friends and add them to their buddy lists. Online service was supported by GameSpy Arcade, a free online player-matching service. At the beginning of December 2012, GameSpy discontinued online server service to users. However, user direct-connect LAN services can still function.

In Campaign mode, the player is thrust into a series of World War II campaign battles for either the Axis Powers (Germany and Japan) or the Allied Nations (United States, Great Britain, and Russia) throughout the years of 1941-1945. There are a total of 24 campaign missions: 12 for the Allied and 12 for the Axis.

Playing as the Allies, the course of history goes the way it actually did with the Battle of Normandy sealing Germany's fate and the capture of Iwo Jima and Okinawa sealing Japan's. The campaigns interchange between the armies of Great Britain, Russia, and the United States of America as time progresses.

Playing as the Axis leads to an alternate history of WWII, based on what-if scenarios. The campaign begins with a tactical German victory in the Battle of Crete. Having driven out British forces in the Mediterranean, Rommel and his Afrika Korps win the Battle of El Alamein, pushing the British all the way back through the Suez Canal. With the fuel-rich Middle East in German hands, Germany wins the decisive Battle of Stalingrad and the following year, the endlessly supplied Panzer units crush the Russians at Kursk, effectively sealing the fate of the Eastern Front. Meanwhile, in the Pacific War, Japan manages an invasion of Australia, leaving the Americans without a staging area in the Pacific (it is also suggested that the attack on Pearl Harbor was more successful, with the fleet being sunk in deep waters rather than in the shallow waters of the base). The Battle of Normandy still happens; however, the landing beaches have unfavorable terrain and the Germans' counterattack is successful. The failed invasion at Normandy not only prevented the Allies from opening a new front in the war, it also oversaw Germany's plans to invade Great Britain. With Rundstedt invading from the south and Rommel invading from the west, Operation Sea Lion proved to be a success, forcing the British to surrender.

While Germany deals with partisan resistance, Japan invades India to crush the last of the British forces under the command of Wingate. With Great Britain defeated, Germany is able to turn its attention back to Stalin and the Soviet Union. Japanese advance units under General Kuribayashi and German Panzer divisions under Field Marshal Manstein surround Moscow, but the battle for control of the city turns into a three way brawl with German and Japanese units each vying for control of the city. The battle ends in a German victory. By now, the United States of America is the only Allied nation left to challenge the Axis. With the defeat of British and Australian forces, Japan quickly eliminates the last remaining ships of the American fleet and captures Midway, and later Hawaii. With American naval forces crippled beyond repair, the Allies lose their chances of defeating the Axis Powers and America settles into a new Cold War with Japan in the Pacific and Nazi Germany in Europe.

"Axis & Allies" was developed by TimeGate Studios and built using the "" game engine, which laid out much of the framework for the game. "Axis & Allies" was released about a month later than "".

The people at TimeGate were "very excited to [work] on [the] project with one of the leading publishers in the industry [Atari]", as told by Adel Chaveleh, president of TimeGate Studios. He also said that "[they] have been fans and players of the "Axis & Allies" franchise for years, and [their] commitment to innovation combined with the popularity of the brand is a definite recipe for a killer title."

The design process of "Axis & Allies" largely entailed three things: research, visual design, and game triggers.

One design task was choosing the missions for the Axis campaign. It was difficult to judge at what point the war should turn in favor of the Axis. It was decided that major changes had to start early in the war. If Rommel had not gotten sick or if Montgomery had never been placed in charge of the British forces in North Africa, the second Axis campaign mission, the Battle of El Alamein, might have been a disaster for the British. The Germans might have broken through and moved on to capture several of the major oil fields in the Middle East. If they had, then Operation Barbarossa might have been successful for Germany, since in the real course of history, German forces had to stop 30 miles from Moscow because some forces had to be diverted to fight for the Caucasus oil fields.

Most of the designers at TimeGate working on the game were history buffs, and they watched World War II movies and documentaries at home for research. The Band of Brothers miniseries was popular with the team. Such research was used to size maps, create the appropriate number of cities, and to select which armies to be present. For example, the Normandy map was designed to be very large to accommodate all five beachheads: Utah, Omaha, Gold, Juno, and Sword. The map was designed to accommodate all four Allied divisions that landed and the two Axis corps defending the coast.

For terrain design, the designer or artist working on the map would usually keep an atlas of the region by his desk for reference. The art team produced numerous terrain sets, such as the "Russian winter".

The designers used game triggers to make special game events occur. For example, early development of the Battle of the Bulge mission focused on the defense of Bastogne by the 101st Airborne Division. The map design started out as a city with several airborne companies inside it. Using triggers, German troops were pulled to attack the city many times. If the player could hold out long enough, Patton's third army arrived to break the encirclement.

The turn-based WWII mode in "Axis & Allies" was chiefly inspired by the "Axis & Allies" board game series. Although different in how it is played, the mode was said by lead designer Brian Wood to "capture the importance of the economic factors (which are often left out of WWII games), as well as to encompass the global aspect of the board game."

"Axis & Allies" performed satisfactory in ratings. The game was rated with a 6.0 by GameSpot, with gaming critics on the site giving a rating of 6.8 and users rating the game with 7.5. IGN rated the game with a score of 8.4, stating that ""Axis and Allies RTS" stands on its own merits as a great strategy game."

GamePlanet rated the game 4 out of 5 stars, marking the game as "a marriage of the original board game and the recent award-winning RTS fantasy title "Kohan II"", saying that the game "has certainly taken on the best of both and delivered a great little game."
XGPGaming tooted an 8.7/10 rating, saying that "[they] did a great job on this game, in a genre that has been watered down by the numerous attempts by various companies [...] I recommend everyone who likes real-time strategy games to give this one a try." eToyChest gave a rating of 80%, writing that the game was "worthy to carry the ["Axis & Allies"] name proudly, and is a tremendously entertaining game in its own right [...] "Axis & Allies" delivers in terms of pure excitement and plain and simple fun. The game packs in more than enough challenge to keep even the seasoned RTS veterans gritting their teeth, while the online component is sure to keep most any player giddy."

GameSpy gave the game a low 2 out of 5 stars, detailing the game as, "Timegate's goes to World War II and shoots itself in the foot." Tom Chick from GameSpy claimed that although the game "does a good job of modeling supply lines", he blames the game's incompetence on the "interface [...] confusing and non-intuitive interplay among units [, and] too much base management." The game has also been criticized for its weak AI mechanics. However, the game was stated by its developers to be able to "learn and adapt to player strategies as they play the game."

IGN remarks that, artistically, the visuals of "Axis & Allies" look good:

Musically, Butts says, "The music and weapon effects are passable but don't stand out too much. Their chief virtue is in not getting in the way of the gameplay." Chris Stavros from GameWatcher thought the audio and video elements of the game were superb and portrayed the atmosphere of World War II very well:

Larry Harris, the founder of the acclaimed "Axis & Allies" board game series, was proud to expand the "Axis & Allies" franchise into the realm of real-time strategy gaming:

"Axis & Allies" is TimeGate's best-selling game release, upon the company's closure in 2013.




</doc>
<doc id="2300238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2300238" title="Pool Shark 2">
Pool Shark 2

Pool Shark 2 is a sports video game developed by Blade Interactive and published by Zoo Digital Publishing for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows. It is the sequel to "Pool Shark".

"Pool Shark 2" received mixed reviews. Aggregating review website GameRankings gave the Xbox version 67.00% and the PlayStation 2 version 62.40%.


</doc>
<doc id="2300645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2300645" title="Delta Force 2">
Delta Force 2

Delta Force 2 is a tactical first-person shooter video game developed by NovaLogic and released in 1999. It is the second game in the "Delta Force" series and was followed by "" one year later. The game was re-released in 2009 on Steam.

The player assumes the role of a Delta Force operative who takes part in missions across the globe. The action takes place in vast outdoor environments and combat distances reach up to several hundred meters. The game has an emphasis on realism, with human enemies and the player alike being very vulnerable to damage from weapons, and projectiles being subject to wind conditions.

Missions consist of a series of objectives while navigation points indicate what to do, the player is free to approach the targets as he sees fit. Objectives typically involve eliminating all hostile presence in a specific location, rescuing hostages, or destroying enemy vehicles and facilities. Many missions feature allied Delta Force teams which follow commands predefined by the mission design, and who can also be issued orders by the player. The player can view the positions of nearby enemies and friendly units through the use of a minimap on their HUD.

The game continues to use NovaLogic's proprietary Voxel Space engine from its earlier games, including the original "Delta Force" and the Comanche series of helicopter combat simulators, known for its ability to render vast landscapes. This updated version of the engine is dubbed Voxel Space 32, as it is optimised for 32-bit graphics cards and does not support 16-bit cards anymore. All terrain is visualised by voxels while any characters, vehicles, structures or other details are polygonal. Unlike its predecessor, "Delta Force 2" supports hardware acceleration. A new feature in "Delta Force 2"s version of the engine are stretched voxels which allow to simulate high grass, capable of masking characters at any distance.

The game includes a mission editor which allows the user to place objects, enemies, and objectives in one of the game's existing landscapes.

"Delta Force 2" received a "Silver" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 100,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

Eric Bratcher reviewed the PC version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "Not quite as tense or pretty as "Rainbow Six", this is still a great game for Green Beret wanna-bes."

The game received "average" reviews according to video game review aggregator GameRankings. Computer Gaming World's Brett Todd gave "Delta Force 2" two out of five stars, criticising the game for "abysmal graphics", non-existent sound effects and a lack of background information on the missions. He also criticised the need to carefully scan the screen for small enemies in the distance as well as the game's poor performance, forcing the player to play on a small resolution even on high-end hardware and further worsening the trouble with spotting enemies. He praised the mission design and multiplayer mode for up to 50 players, however. GameSpot's Michael E. was more enthusiastic, awarding the game 8.2 points out of 10. He particularly praised the mission design, calling it "generally excellent" and noting that the missions are usually "realistic and believable", with some exceptions more inspired by action films. He also praised the game's multiplayer mode and the sound design.



</doc>
<doc id="2300721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2300721" title="Grand Theft Auto IV">
Grand Theft Auto IV

Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It is the eleventh title in the "Grand Theft Auto" series, and the first main entry since 2004's "". Set within the fictional Liberty City (based on New York City), the single-player story follows a war veteran, Niko Bellic, and his attempts to escape his past while under pressure from loan sharks and mob bosses. The open world design lets players freely roam Liberty City, consisting of three main islands.

The game is played from a third-person perspective and its world is navigated on-foot or by vehicle. Throughout the single-player mode, players play as Niko Bellic. An online multiplayer mode is included with the game, allowing up to 32 players to engage in both co-operative and competitive gameplay in a recreation of the single-player setting. Two expansion packs were later released for the game, "" and "", which both feature new plots that are interconnected with the main "Grand Theft Auto IV" storyline, and follow new protagonists.

Development began soon after the release of "Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas" and was shared between many of Rockstar's studios worldwide. The game introduced a shift to a more realistic and detailed style and tone for the series. Unlike previous entries, "Grand Theft Auto IV" lacked a strong cinematic influence, as the team attempted an original approach to the story. As part of their research for the open world, the developers conducted field research around New York throughout development and captured footage for the design team.

Following its announcement in May 2006, "Grand Theft Auto IV" was widely anticipated. It was released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles in April 2008, and for Microsoft Windows in December 2008. Upon release, the game received universal critical acclaim, with praise particularly directed at the narrative and open world design. "Grand Theft Auto IV" broke industry sales records and became the fastest-selling entertainment product in history at the time, earning in its first day and $500 million in its first week. Considered one of the most significant titles of the seventh generation of video games, and by many critics as one of the greatest video games of all time, it won year-end accolades, including Game of the Year awards from several gaming publications. It has sold over 25 million copies worldwide as of 2019; it remains the best-selling PlayStation 3 game of all time. However, the game also generated controversy, with criticism directed at the game's depiction of violence and players' ability to drive under the influence of alcohol. Its successor, "Grand Theft Auto V", was released in September 2013.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" is an action-adventure game played from a third-person perspective. Players complete missions—linear scenarios with set objectives—to progress through the story. It is possible to have several active missions running at one time, as some missions require players to wait for further instructions or events. Outside of missions, players can freely roam the game's open world, and have the ability to complete optional side missions. Composed of the fictional city of Liberty City, the world of "Grand Theft Auto IV" is larger in area than most earlier entries in the series. At the beginning of the game, players can only explore the first island–composed of Dukes and Broker–with all other islands unlocking as the story progresses.

Players use melee attacks, firearms and explosives to fight enemies, and may run, jump, swim or use vehicles to navigate the game's world. There is a first-person perspective option when using vehicles. In combat, auto-aim and a cover system can be used as assistance against enemies. Should players take damage, their health meter can be fully regenerated using multiple techniques, such as eating, using medical kits, or calling for paramedics. If players commit crimes while playing, the game's law enforcement agencies may respond as indicated by a "wanted" meter in the head-up display (HUD). On the meter, the displayed stars indicate the current wanted level (for example, at the maximum six-star level, efforts by law enforcement to incapacitate players become very aggressive). Law enforcement officers will search for players who leave the wanted vicinity. The wanted meter enters a cool-down mode and eventually recedes when players are hidden from the officers' line of sight.
The game's cover system allows players to move between cover, to fire blindly, aim freely, and target a specific enemy. Individual body parts can also be targeted. Melee attacks include additional moves, such as dodging, blocking, disarming an opponent and counter-attacking. Body armour can be used to absorb gunshots and explosive damage, but is used up in the process. When health is entirely depleted, gameplay stops, and players respawn at the nearest hospital.

The game's single-player mode lets players control an Eastern European war veteran, Niko Bellic. During the story, Niko meets various new characters, many of whom he befriends. These characters can then perform favours for Niko whenever he asks; for example, his cousin Roman, who owns a taxi service, can send one of his cabs to Niko and take him to any destination around the city. Cabs are always available during gameplay, allowing players to quickly travel to a destination. Throughout the course of the game, players are also faced with morality choices, which alter the storyline appropriately depending on the player's choice. While free roaming the game world, players may engage in context-specific activities such as bowling or darts. Other available activities include a vigilante mini-game, and in-game television programming. Niko has a smartphone for contacting friends and starting activities. The smartphone is also used to access the game's online multiplayer mode, and to enter cheat codes. To access the in-game Internet, which allows Niko to send and receive emails and set up prospective dates with potential girlfriends, Niko can use Internet cafés located around the city. The game also features a subway system, allowing players to quickly traverse through the game's world.
The online multiplayer mode for "Grand Theft Auto IV" allows up to 32 players to freely roam across a recreation of the single-player world. Players decide which game mode that they wish to play, including deathmatches and street races. Both cooperative and competitive game modes are available. These game modes are split into ranked and unranked matches. For players to level up through ranks, in-game money must be earned. The game also features a Free Mode, in which players have the entire map open to explore, with no end goal or mission to complete. Hosts of the game can control many variables, such as police presence, traffic, and weapons. LAN support is available in the Windows version of the game.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" takes place in 2008, in a redesigned version of Liberty City consisting of four boroughs, based on four of the boroughs of New York City: Broker (based on Brooklyn), Dukes (Queens), Bohan (The Bronx), and Algonquin (Manhattan). Adjacent to the city is the independent state of "Alderney" (Northern New Jersey). There are three minor islands present in the game: Charge Island (Randall's Island), Colony Island (Roosevelt Island), and Happiness Island (Liberty Island). Initially, bridges are locked down due to a terrorist threat, and players are constantly pursued by police if the bridges are crossed, but the blockades are lifted as the story progresses, allowing the player to traverse between islands. "Grand Theft Auto IV" takes place in a different storyline and timeline from the previous games in the series. However, the game takes place in the same canon as its expansion packs, "" and "", and its successor, "Grand Theft Auto V".

Niko Bellic, an Eastern European, arrives in Liberty City aboard a cargo ship, the "Platypus", to reunite with his cousin Roman, to pursue the American Dream, and to search for the man who betrayed his unit in a war fifteen years prior. Upon arrival, however, Niko discovers that Roman's tales of riches and luxury were lies concealing struggles with gambling debts and loan sharks, and that Roman lives in a dirty apartment in Broker rather than a mansion. While carrying out some jobs for Roman's taxi company, Niko meets and befriends several residents in Broker, including Little Jacob, an underboss of the Yardies, and Michelle, with whom Niko quickly enters a relationship.

Niko defends Roman from his loan sharks several times, but is forced to work for Vlad Glebov, Roman's Russian loan shark. Niko kills Vlad after finding out he slept with Roman's girlfriend, Mallorie. After Vlad's murder, Niko and Roman are kidnapped by members of the Liberty City Bratva on order of Mikhail Faustin and his associate, Dimitri Rascalov. Faustin, not bothered by the murder of Vlad, hires Niko. Niko quickly learns that Faustin is a psychopath after being ordered to kill the son of Kenny Petrović, the most powerful man in the Bratva. After the Petrović family threatens retaliation, Dimitri convinces Niko to assassinate Faustin in order to prevent a gang war. When Niko meets with Dimitri to collect on the assassination, Dimitri brings Niko's former employer Ray Bulgarin instead, who accuses Niko of stealing from him a few years earlier. When Niko truthfully denies the allegation, a firefight ensues, allowing Dimitri and Bulgarin to escape.

Niko and Roman are immediately forced to flee to Bohan after their apartment and taxi company are destroyed by Dimitri's men in arson attacks. However, things go poorly as well in Bohan: Dimitri's men kidnap Roman in a failed bid to lure out Niko, who rescues Roman. Furthermore, Michelle reveals she is a government agent who is actually named Karen, and entraps Niko into working for her company, known only by its cover: United Liberty Paper. Niko kills several known or suspected terrorists for the agency in exchange for the file of the numerous crimes the police have on him and the promise of assistance in finding the traitor of his unit. Despite the hardships Niko and Roman face while in Bohan, Roman's fortunes suddenly improve when he receives a large amount of money from an insurance claim he made on his destroyed business. Using the money, Roman buys an apartment in Algonquin, then restarts his taxi company.

The Paper tracks down the man responsible for Niko's unit's betrayal, Darko Brevic, and brings him into Liberty City for Niko to decide his fate. Having dealt with his past, Niko is summoned by one of his employers, Jimmy Pegorino, who demands one final favour: to help with an extremely lucrative deal on heroin in collusion with Dimitri. Niko must either strike a deal with Dimitri, or exact revenge on him.

Should Niko go through with the deal, Dimitri again betrays him and takes the heroin for himself. At Roman's wedding, an assassin sent by Dimitri unintentionally kills Roman with a stray bullet. After Dimitri kills Pegorino, he is in turn killed by a devastated and vengeful Niko. Should Niko choose to exact revenge, he storms the "Platypus" and ambushes Dimitri's men, fighting his way through them before killing Dimitri in a decisive final gun battle. At Roman's wedding, Pegorino, furious after Niko's betrayal, targets Niko in a drive-by shooting, but ends up accidentally killing Niko's new girlfriend Kate. With Pegorino targeted by the entire Liberty City underworld, Niko tracks him down and executes him.

Work on "Grand Theft Auto IV" began in November 2004, shortly after the release of "" (2004). Around 150 game developers worked on "Grand Theft Auto IV", led by core members of the team that previously worked on "Grand Theft Auto III" (2001). For the game, Rockstar used their proprietary Rockstar Advanced Game Engine (RAGE), which was previously used in "Rockstar Games Presents Table Tennis" (2006), in combination with the Euphoria game animation engine. Instead of pre-written animations, Euphoria uses procedural animation to control the way the player moves, enabling character movements to be more realistic. The Euphoria engine also enables NPCs to react in a realistic way to the player's actions. In one preview, a player knocked an NPC out of a window and the character grabbed onto a ledge to stop himself from falling. The game also uses middleware from Image Metrics to facilitate intricate facial expressions and ease the process of incorporating lip-synching. Foliage in the game is produced through SpeedTree.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" sees a shift in the series to a more realistic and detailed style and tone, partly a result of the transition to consoles which offered high-definition graphics and the new and improved capabilities of such consoles. Rockstar co-founder Dan Houser said "what we're taking as our watchword on ["Grand Theft Auto IV"] is the idea of what high definition actually means. Not just in terms of graphics, which obviously we are achieving, but in terms of all aspects of the design. [...] You know, trying to make something more realistic, more held together, but still retaining the overall coherence that the other games had." Art director Aaron Garbut said one of the reasons they decided to set the game in New York because "we all knew what an amazing, diverse, vibrant, cinematic city it is," and since they were hoping the push the "detail, variety and life" to a high level, it seemed that "basing the game in a city so synonymous with these things was a great fit." Dan Houser added "because we were working in high definition and we knew we'd need a shitload of research, we wanted to be somewhere where we had a foothold." The developers consciously avoided creating a block for block recreation of New York City; Dan Houser said "what we've always tried to do is make a thing that looks real and has the qualities of a real environment, but is also fun from a game design perspective." The "Grand Theft Auto IV" rendition of Liberty City is far more detailed and larger in size than "Grand Theft Auto III" and other cities seen in earlier entries in the series. Although smaller than San Andreas, the main setting for "Grand Theft Auto IV"'s predecessor "", Liberty City is comparable to it in terms of scope when "the level of verticality of the city, the number of buildings you can go into, and the level of detail in those buildings" are taken into account. The goal for Liberty City was to have no dead spots or irrelevant spaces, such as the wide open deserts in San Andreas. To achieve a realistic environment, the Rockstar North team, based in Edinburgh, Scotland, made two trips to New York for research, one at the start of the project (which was done with every previous "Grand Theft Auto" game) and another smaller one further into development. A full-time research team, based in New York, handled further requests for information ranging from the ethnic minority of a neighbourhood to videos of traffic patterns.

The story of "Grand Theft Auto IV" was written by Dan Houser and Rupert Humphries. Unlike previous "Grand Theft Auto" games which have a strong cultural or cinematic influence, "["Grand Theft Auto IV" doesn't] really have any cinematic influences", as explained by Houser. "We were consciously trying to go, well, if video games are going to develop into the next stage, then the thing isn't to try and do a loving tribute or reference other stuff. It's to reference the actual place itself". Houser also said, "In terms of the character, we wanted something that felt fresh and new and not something that was obviously derived from [a] movie. [...] Maybe [we] could do something ourselves that would live alongside that stuff".

Music supervisor Ivan Pavlovich said "[we had] to pick the songs that make New York today what it is, but make sure they won't feel dated by the time the game comes out." The developers contacted over 2,000 people in order to obtain recording and publishing rights. They even hired a private investigator to locate the relatives of late Skatt Bros. member Sean Delaney to license the band's song "Walk the Night". Citing sources close to the deals, "Billboard" reported that Rockstar paid as much as $5,000 per composition and another $5,000 per master recording per track. Developers originally considered letting players purchase music by going to an in-game record shop and for Niko to have an MP3 player, but both ideas were cut. DJ Green Lantern produced tracks exclusively for the game's hip-hop radio station The Beat 102.7. Record label owner and record producer Bobby Konders, who hosts the in-game radio station Massive B Soundsystem 96.9, went through the extra effort of flying to Jamaica to get dancehall artists to re-record tracks to make references to the boroughs of Liberty City.

The Corporate Vice-President of Microsoft's Interactive Entertainment Business division, Peter Moore, announced at E3 2006 that the game would appear on Xbox 360, by rolling up his sleeve to reveal a "Grand Theft Auto IV" temporary tattoo. Rockstar Games initially appeared to be committed to the original 16 October 2007 release date; however, Wedbush Morgan analyst Michael Pachter suggested that Take-Two may choose to delay the release of the game in order to boost its financial results for 2008 and to avoid competing with the release of other highly anticipated titles, such as "Halo 3". Rockstar responded by saying that "Grand Theft Auto IV" was still on track for release in "late October". On 2 August 2007, Take-Two announced that "Grand Theft Auto IV" would miss its original release date of 16 October 2007 contrary to their previous statements, and would be delayed to their second fiscal quarter (February–April) of 2008. In a later conference call with investors, Take-Two's Strauss Zelnick attributed the delay to "almost strictly technological problems ... not problems, but challenges." It was later revealed that technical difficulties with the PlayStation 3 version of the game contributed to the delay, along with storage problems on the Xbox 360. On 24 January 2008, Take-Two announced that "Grand Theft Auto IV" would be released on 29 April 2008. As the release date approached, Rockstar Games and Take-Two marketed the game heavily through various forms, including television ads, Internet video, billboards, viral marketing, and a redesigned website. A special edition of the game was also released for both the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. At a Take-Two shareholder meeting on 18 April 2008, Take-Two CEO Ben Feder announced that "Grand Theft Auto IV" had already "gone gold" and was "in production and in trucks en route to retailers". The game was eventually released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles in Europe, North America, and Oceania on 29 April 2008, and in Japan on 30 October 2008. Overall, "Grand Theft Auto IV" took over 1000 people and more than three and a half years to complete, with a total cost estimated at approximately $100 million, making it, at the time, the most expensive video game ever developed.

On 6 August 2008, Rockstar announced that a Microsoft Windows version of "Grand Theft Auto IV" was in development by Rockstar North and Rockstar Toronto. The game was originally announced for release in North America on 18 November 2008 and in Europe on 21 November 2008 but was later pushed back to 2 and 3 December 2008, respectively. It contains expanded features, including traffic density control, draw distance configurations and a replay editor. The replay editor allows players to record and edit game clips, videos can then be uploaded to Rockstar's Social Club website. It utilised Games for Windows - Live for online play and supported 32 players for multiplayer. SecuROM protection is utilised and a one time online activation is required in order to play the game. The game was made available on Steam on 4 January 2009. Rockstar was forced to temporarily remove the game for sale from Steam in January 2020 due to the inability to generate new keys using Games for Windows - Live. All versions of the game will be replaced with "Grand Theft Auto IV: Complete Edition" on 19 March 2020, which includes the base game and episodic content; all previous owners of the digital game will be updated with "Complete Edition". The new version will not support multiplayer or leaderboard features, and three of the radio stations will be "temporarily" unavailable due to music licensing rights.

On 9 February 2017, the Xbox 360 version of "Grand Theft Auto IV" was made available for backwards compatibility with the Xbox One.

Two episodic packs for "Grand Theft Auto IV" have been released. These two episodes were first released separately, exclusively on Xbox Live, as downloadable content (DLC), requiring the original game to play. They were later released together as part of a standalone game, titled "Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City", which does not require the original game to play. Dan Houser stated the episodes shows "a different side of Liberty City".

The first expansion, titled "", was originally released on 17 February 2009. The protagonist of "The Lost and Damned" is Johnny Klebitz, a member of Liberty City's biker gang The Lost. The second expansion, titled "", was released on 29 October 2009. The protagonist of "The Ballad of Gay Tony" is Luis Fernando Lopez, an assistant to nightclub owner Tony "Gay Tony" Prince, and follows him as he resolves the conflicts of his friends, family, and boss.

Jeronimo Barrera, Vice-President of Product Development for Rockstar Games, said that the episodes were experiments because the team were not sure that there was enough users with access to online content on the Xbox 360. Take-Two Interactive's Chief Financial Officer, Lainie Goldstein revealed that Microsoft was paying a total of $50 million for the first two episodes. In January 2010, Rockstar announced that the DLC as well as "Episodes From Liberty City" would be made available for the PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows on 13 April 2010 in North America and 16 April 2010 in Europe.

Both episodes were released for PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows on 13 April 2010 in North America and on 16 April 2010 in Europe. "Grand Theft Auto IV: The Complete Edition", including the original "Grand Theft Auto IV" and its two episodic expansions, was listed on online stores, before being confirmed by Rockstar. The compilation was released on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Windows on 26 October 2010 in North America, and 29 October in Europe. The Xbox 360 versions of both episodes were made backwards compatible with the Xbox One on 9 February 2017.

Like previous games in the "Grand Theft Auto" series, "Grand Theft Auto IV" features a soundtrack that can be heard through radio stations while the player is in a vehicle. Liberty City is serviced by 19 radio stations, three of which are talk radio stations. The other stations feature music from a large range of genres, including tracks from Genesis, David Bowie, Bob Marley, The Who, Queen, Kanye West and Elton John.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" uses a similar music system to that of "" (2004). In other games in the series, each radio station was essentially a single looped sound file, playing the same songs, announcements and advertisements in the same order each time. With the radio stations in "Grand Theft Auto IV", each sound file is held separately, and sequenced randomly, allowing songs to be played in different orders, announcements to songs to be different each time, and plot events to be mentioned on the stations. Certain songs are also edited to incorporate references to the fictional Liberty City.

A variety of real celebrities provide voices for the radio DJs in the game, including fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld, musicians Iggy Pop, Femi Kuti, Jimmy Gestapo and Ruslana, and real-life radio talk show host Lazlow Jones. "Saturday Night Live" actors Bill Hader and Jason Sudeikis appear on the liberal and conservative radio talk shows respectively, with Fred Armisen playing several guests on Lazlow's "Integrity 2.0". Numerous other comedians, including Jim Norton, Patrice O'Neal, Rick Shapiro, and Robert Kelly, as well as radio hosts "Opie and Anthony" appeared on the radio and/or as characters in-game.

"The Music of Grand Theft Auto IV" is a 2008 soundtrack packaged with the special edition of "Grand Theft Auto IV". The disc contains several soundtrack selections. The soundtrack features several genres, from hip hop to rock and reggae. Several artists re-recorded their songs to make references to in-game locations. Two songs, "Liberty City: The Invasion" and "No Sex for Ben", were composed specifically for the game and the soundtrack. The theme song of "Grand Theft Auto IV", "Soviet Connection", was composed by Michael Hunter, who previously composed the theme for "".

Near the ten-year anniversary of the game's release in April 2018, Rockstar issued patches to all versions of the game to remove some of the licensed songs from the game which they no longer have licensing rights for. Rockstar said this was primarily from the Russian-themed radio station, "Vladivostok FM", and that they were to replace these songs with new music in the patch. The songs were restored in an August 2019 update without clarification from Rockstar Games.

"Grand Theft Auto IV" was released to critical acclaim. Metacritic, which assigns a normalised rating in the 0–100 range, calculated an average score of 98, indicating "universal acclaim". It is the second-highest rated game on the site, only behind "". Reviewers heavily praised the game's narrative, open world design and combat system. Hilary Goldstein of IGN felt that the game "sets a new benchmark for open-world games", and Andrew Reiner of "Game Informer" wrote that the game "completely changes the landscape of gaming".

Reviewers lauded the open world design, some further complimenting the freedom that it allows the player. Seth Schiesel of "The New York Times" named the city the "real star" of the game. "Official Xbox Magazine"s Hicks was impressed by the city, attributing this to the game's AI. Robinson of "Computer and Video Games" considered the environment believable, and felt that the world was "utterly unmatched". Goldstein of IGN felt that, although Liberty City is inspired by New York, it is not beholden to it. He wrote that the city "exists in its own universe and rightfully so". Crispin Boyer of 1UP.com directed praise at the city's "breathtaking vistas, incredibly varied scenery, and lived-in look." Conversely, Jesse Costantino of Game Revolution felt that the game lacked important features common in other open world games.

Reviewers praised the game's narrative. IGN's Goldstein accepted that the darker tones to the story, a break from series tradition. Jon Hicks of "Official Xbox Magazine" felt surprised by the amount of depth to the story. Reiner of "Game Informer" wrote that the level of freedom in the game contributed to his enjoyment of the story. The morality choices faced by players throughout the narrative were also welcomed. 1UP.com's Boyer felt that they gave the game an element of "replayability". Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell considered the morality choices a fair substitute over "bosses with large health bars".
The game's characters—particularly Niko—received positive reactions from critics. Hicks of "Official Xbox Magazine" and Andy Robinson of "Computer and Video Games" both called Niko "charismatic" and "likeable", stating that they prefer him over previous protagonists of the series. George Walter of GamesRadar praised the depth of the character, and IGN's Goldstein felt that the character of Niko feels relatable when faced with difficult decisions. Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb felt that Niko was a "the only thing that mattered to [him]" as he progressed through the story, with the character becoming one of his favourite features of the game. Schiesel of "The New York Times" named Niko one of the most realised video game characters attributing this to the game's script, while 1UP.com's Boyer commended the use of character bonding during the game's missions.

Many reviewers found the combat system was more responsive than in previous games, particularly praising the addition of the cover system. Justin Calvert of GameSpot wrote that the cover system makes the game's combat a "huge improvement" over previous games. Reiner of "Game Informer" agreed, writing that the targeting system makes players feel responsible for all deaths. IGN's Goldstein praised the fluidity of the cover system, and felt that the auto aim mechanic is a "great help in larger battles". GamesRadar's Walter wrote that the cover system has "paved the way to a new style of mission". David McComb of "Empire" called the combat "sharp and instinctive", and Hicks of "Official Xbox Magazine" felt that the cover system allows players to execute an attack plan. In addition to the combat system, most reviewers noted the vehicle handling was more realistic than in previous games. Robinson of "Computer and Video Games" felt that the vehicle handling echoed realism, while Hicks of "Official Xbox Magazine" called the vehicle selection "excellent". Costantino of Game Revolution praised the improvement of the game's mechanics, particularly the physics engine's advanced vehicle and character animations.

Reviewers praised the sound design. Goldstein of IGN praised the actors' performances and the use of licensed music. GameSpot's Calvert and GamesRadar's Walter also commended the licensed music, the latter admiring the humour of the radio's talk stations. Michael Pinson of The Pro Audio Files praised the separate features of the game's sound design—including the city's ambiance, licensed music, character dialogue, and vehicle and weapon sound effects—applauding the developer's use of uniting the features together. Carolyn Gudmundson of GamesRadar also retroactively praised the game's soundtrack, commending its suitability to the game's setting.

The game's online multiplayer mode received positive reactions from critics. Reiner of "Game Informer" praised the character customisation available in the multiplayer mode, and noted that it runs "just as smoothly" as the single-player game. 1UP.com's Boyer called the multiplayer modes "excellent", and IGN's Goldstein named it one of the best. "Official Xbox Magazine"s Hicks dubbed the multiplayer as "hugely entertaining", while Walter of GamesRadar praised the "seamless" process of entering a multiplayer match. Giant Bomb's Gerstmann and Game Revolution's Costantino felt divided about the multiplayer, the latter naming it a "fantastic idea", but feeling as though connectivity problems resulted in a "broken" experience.

When "Grand Theft Auto IV" was released to Microsoft Windows in December 2008, it received generally positive reviews. Metacritic calculated an average score of 90 out of 100, indicating "universal acclaim", based on 40 reviews. Reviewers liked the enhanced visuals and the additional features, but criticised the port for its inferiority over the console versions.

The in-game features added in the port were well received. The addition of the Video Editor was met with positive reactions; GameSpot's Calvert called it "a great way to get creative", while Kieron Gillen of Eurogamer criticised the unpredictability in its timing. Critics also praised the addition of the customisable radio station, which allows players to listen to their own choice of music; Tom Chick of 1UP.com named it the best feature of the port, and Steven Hopper of "GameZone" called it a "great touch". The port's upgrade to 32 concurrent players in the online multiplayer mode, as opposed to the console version's 16 players, was also met with positive feedback; Eurogamer's Gillen said that the "possibility for mayhem... increases", while Will Tuttle of GameSpy felt that the player increase "changes the action significantly".

The port's enhanced visuals were commended by many reviewers. "GameZone" Hopper considered the visuals an improvement over the original versions. Andy Robinson of "Computer and Video Games" called the visuals "impressive", while Tom Orry of "VideoGamer.com" called them "superb". Conversely, the port's system requirements, considered difficult to run with advanced settings, received criticism. Eurogamer's Gillen said that, though the Windows version is "the most attractive version", it's "annoyingly fiddly to get there". GameSpy's Tuttle was able to overlook the demanding system requirements in exchange for the game's other features.

Following the critical acclaim it received on its release, "Grand Theft Auto IV" has received various awards from various critics and publications. It received several Game of the Year awards, from gaming media outlets such as Spike TV, Giant Bomb, Kotaku, and GameTrailers, as well as mainstream publications, like "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", and "Time" magazine. "Grand Theft Auto IV" also received seven nominations at the 5th British Academy Video Games Awards (BAFTA Games Awards), and three nominations at the 9th Annual Game Developers Choice Awards, but did not win any of them.

Within twenty-four hours of its release, "Grand Theft Auto IV" sold over 3.6 million copies, equating to approximately $310 million in revenue. Within a week, it generated more than $500 million in worldwide revenue, equating to approximately 6 million copies sold for Take Two. The numbers surpassed analysts' expectations for the title. After one month of availability, the game had sold over 8.5 million copies. It broke three Guinness World Records on 13 May 2008: highest grossing video game in 24 hours, highest revenue generated by an entertainment product in 24 hours, and fastest-selling video game in 24 hours. On 11 March 2011, Take-Two announced that the game had sold over 20 million copies, with the "Grand Theft Auto" series surpassing a collective total of 100 million copies. As of July 2013, the game has sold over 25 million copies. All sales records broken by "Grand Theft Auto IV" were beaten by its successor, "Grand Theft Auto V", upon release.

In the United Kingdom, the game became the fastest-selling game of all time, selling over 631,000 copies in twenty-four hours. This broke the record set by "" at 501,000 copies over the same period. During the first five days of availability, the game sold over 927,000 copies in the United Kingdom. The game's Xbox 360 version ultimately received a "Diamond" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 1 million copies in the United Kingdom. ELSPA awarded the game's PlayStation 3 version their "Double Platinum" certification, to mark sales of at least 600,000 copies in the country. In the United States, "Grand Theft Auto IV" sold 2.85 million units in its first five days. By the end of 2008, the game had sold over 5.18 million copies in the US. In its first four days of availability in Japan, it sold 133,000 copies on the PlayStation 3 and 34,000 on the Xbox 360, according to Media Create.

In the first week of availability, the Windows version of "Grand Theft Auto IV" debuted at seventh place on the weekly charts; by the second week, it had left the top-ten. Based on unique user counts, the game was the most played Games for Windows – Live game in 2009 and 2012, and the second-most played in 2011.

Prior to and since the release of "Grand Theft Auto IV", the game had been subject to a great deal of controversy, as was the case with previous "Grand Theft Auto" titles. Figures including George Galloway, Jack Thompson and Hillary Clinton have criticised the game, as have organisations including New York City officials and Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD). MADD asked ESRB to change the rating of the game from "M" (for ages seventeen and up) to "AO" (for adults only) due to the player's ability to drive under the influence of alcohol.

The initial version of "Grand Theft Auto IV" released in Australia and New Zealand was pre-censored by Rockstar to allow the game to meet the perceived requirements of the Australian classification system. However, the game was resubmitted to the New Zealand OFLC by Stan Calif, a 21-year-old student who was unhappy that New Zealand received an edited version of the game as a result of Australian censorship laws. The unedited version was subsequently given an R18 rating and cleared for sale in New Zealand. For the PC release, the uncensored version of the game was awarded MA15+ in Australia. Following the release of "The Lost and Damned", Rockstar distributed a patch which uncensored the Australian console version.

There have been reports in the United Kingdom and the United States of crimes perpetrated against people purchasing "Grand Theft Auto IV", as well as employees of stores selling the game. One of these incidents, an attack near a Gamestation store in Croydon, London was later reported to be an unrelated argument between two groups of people leaving a pub and the story has been referred to as a "media panic." Six teenagers were later arrested in June 2008 after engaging in a crime spree in New Hyde Park, New York, assaulting and robbing several people, and attempting a carjacking. According to police, the teens claimed that they were "inspired" by "Grand Theft Auto IV".

Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography


</doc>
<doc id="2304943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2304943" title="Laser Arena">
Laser Arena

Laser Arena is an FPS PC game designed to simulate laser tag. Play modes include Free for All (Deathmatch), Team Match, Duel, Domination, and Mega Target. Players have three "health canisters", and every hit diminishes one of them. After three hits, the player counts as "dead" and has to respawn after a delay.
The game is based on a heavily modified Quake engine, and despite being a budget-title, features some elements that were unique at the time of release. For example, the game models "Lasertag Grenades" which emit a vast number of shots in all directions, tagging every player in the vicinity.
The "Mega Target" game mode is rather novel in that it requires players to hit three targets strewn across the playing arena, before they are allowed to enter a "core" in which they shoot a final target to score a point. As an added element, automated defense turrets shoot at enemy players, and some can be converted to fight for your team by shooting at a sensor above the turret. This disables the turret for a few seconds and, if it's a convertible turret, makes it fight for your side until an enemy deactivates/converts it again.

The game does not feature different weapons, instead the player can collect powerups that increase the firing rate or the hit damage (thus reducing an enemy's energy canisters by two instead of one) for a limited time.

The graphics engine offers Glide, OpenGL, and software rendering. Multiplayer supports up to 8 players either competitively or against bots via LAN or GameSpy. Although not officially supported, the game is moddable, and a single mod named "LaserArena Enhanced" exists, improving textures and sounds as well as adding some useful keybinds that were not available in the original game.


</doc>
<doc id="2305819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2305819" title="Terminator 3: War of the Machines">
Terminator 3: War of the Machines

Terminator 3: War of the Machines is a 2003 first-person shooter video game based on the film "". It was developed by Hungarian developer Clever's Games and published by Atari for Microsoft Windows. The game is set in a post-apocalyptic future when human and machine forces are battling for the world, and the player chooses which side to join. The game was negatively received, particularly for its character animations and artificial intelligence. Critics also viewed the game as a poor imitation of "Battlefield 1942".

"Terminator 3: War of the Machines" is a first-person shooter game with a focus on online multiplayer. The game takes place during a post-apocalyptic war between Skynet's Terminator machines and the Tech-Com human team. The player chooses which team to join, and each character is labeled with their team affiliation to inform other players. Three game modes are featured: the online multiplayer Team Deathmatch mode; the objective-based Mission mode, in which players hold or overrun an area; and Termination, which is a single-player mode played against bots as the player tries to capture an enemy base.

Tech-Com's humans have a variety of weapons, and Skynet's machines have their own weapons as well. Vehicles are located in each level and may be used by the human players, although they cannot take command of a Skynet tank, which is only available to the machine players. The game includes levels based on present-day locations from "", as well as levels set during the future war. Some levels are set in the same location, but during different time periods, with only minimal differences between the two.

"Terminator 3: War of the Machines" was announced on June 19, 2003, as a 32-player online first-person shooter game based on the film "Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines". It was developed by Hungary-based Clever's Games, and was published by Atari. The game features the likeness and voice of Arnold Schwarzenegger, reprising his role as the T-800.

The game was released in the United Kingdom on November 28, 2003, and was shipped to North American retailers on December 3, 2003.

"Terminator 3: War of the Machines" was poorly received by critics, who considered the game to be a poor imitation of "Battlefield 1942". Some criticized the graphics, while Jamie Madigan of GameSpy considered them and the sound to be only average. The character animations, including death animations, received some criticism. Madigan called the animations "stilted and seemingly incomplete." Bob Colayco of GameSpot compared the death animations to the act of pushing a mannequin over: "When you kill an enemy, it stiffly falls over on its back or face." Colayco said that this may be "excusable" for killing machines, but that it did not make sense for humans to also die in the same manner.

Colayco also criticized the sound, as well as the level designs, writing that "many pathways lead to dead ends, which creates a lot of wasted space on the maps." Madigan wrote that the levels are full of "pointless dead ends, long stretches of mundane terrain, dry land, and not much that keeps you interested." Norman Chan of "PC Gamer" believed the levels were too small in design, and was critical of the fact that several levels are minor variations of each other set in different time periods.

Criticism also went to the game's artificial intelligence, which Madigan cited as a reason the game was not fun, writing, "Enemies will often run right past you and into danger." Some criticized the limited online servers. Madigan stated that with the "inaccessible" multiplayer and "deeply flawed" single-player modes, "It's a game that feels incomplete and practically abandoned by its publisher." Criticism was also directed at the lack of story. John Walker of "PC Format" criticized the poor controls, and William O'Neal of "Computer Gaming World" criticized the slow and unwieldy vehicles. Madigan was critical of the limited game options, and Chan felt the game modes were uninspired. In addition, because each player is labeled with their team affiliation, Chan believed that this resulted in a wasted opportunity for Terminator players to infiltrate the human force.


</doc>
<doc id="2307667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2307667" title="Lugaru">
Lugaru

Lugaru: The Rabbit's Foot is the first commercial video game created by Indie game developer Wolfire Games. It is a cross-platform, open-source 3D action game. The player character is an anthropomorphic rabbit utilizing a wide variety of combat techniques to battle wolves and hostile rabbits. The name "Lugaru" is a phonetic spelling of "loup-garou", which is French for werewolf. It was well reviewed and was fairly well received among the shareware community, especially among Mac users.

The story takes place on the island of Lugaru, an unknown number of years after the fall of the human race; all of the characters are anthropomorphic animals. The story focuses on Turner, a mildly famous retired warrior rabbit who lives in a small village with his family and friends.

Unbeknownst to Turner, a pack of wolves from a nearby island had killed and eaten all of the prey that lived there, and came to Lugaru to find more food. Not wanting to make the same mistakes as before, they plan to conserve their food supply by enslaving and farming the citizens of the local rabbit kingdom rather than hunting their new food supply to extinction. Afraid for his life, the rabbit king Hickory agreed to this takeover, provided that the wolves do not harm him. To secure the deal, he sent Jack, one of his most loyal servants, to kill the local raiders, since they would be the only real resistance the wolves would encounter. To do this, Jack decides to trick Turner into killing the raiders. Jack manipulates Skipper, a close friend of Turner's, convincing him to leave Turner's village undefended as part of a ploy to spur him into killing the raiders. Jack tells him nothing about the wolves, and assures him that no one will actually be harmed during the attack. He then pays the raiders to kill everyone in the village, including Skipper.

Jack's plan is largely successful. The raiders lure Turner away from the village and attack while he is absent, murdering his entire family and nearly all of his friends. Jack stages his own death during the attack. Turner makes it his mission to avenge the deaths of his loved ones, and begins to systematically kill all of the raiders, unwittingly opening the way for the wolves to conquer Lugaru. However, everything did not go exactly to plan: the raiders decided to keep Skipper alive for a ransom. Once most of the raiders have been killed, Turner encounters Skipper in one of the raiders' camps. Skipper tells Turner how Jack manipulated him, which prompts Turner to return to his village and confirm the location of Jack's corpse. After seeing that Jack's body is missing, Turner correctly surmises that Jack had gone to the Rocky Hall (the location of the Rabbit Kingdom's monarchy) after betraying him, and decides to pursue him there.

After Turner reaches the Rocky Hall, one of the guards there informs Turner that Jack has set a bounty on him. However, most of the guards see Turner as a hero and refuse to attack him, instead pretending that they haven't seen him. Grateful, Turner leaves the Hall and goes north to continue pursuing Jack. On the way, Turner encounters and is forced to fight a desperate guard in need of money who had tracked him after he left the hall, a wolf, and five rabbit soldiers Jack had sent to kill him. Despite this, Turner finally tracks Jack down, finding him not far from where the soldiers were defeated. Seeing no reason to continue the charade, Jack explains the entire situation to Turner before being killed by him in single combat.

Having learned the terrible truth, Turner confronts king Hickory about the wolves. Hickory orders his guards to kill Turner, but in light of Hickory's dealings with the wolves, they refuse. With the full support of the king's guard, Turner proceeds to take power in a bloodless coup. He then vows to the other rabbits that he will meet with the Alpha wolf, and if need be, kill him. Hickory, determined to kill Turner and reclaim the throne, uses his connections with the wolf pack to send three wolf assassins to try and kill him before he reaches the Alpha. However, Turner manages to defeat the assassins and later finds Hickory hiding in the mountains with two of his most loyal guards. Not knowing the fate of the assassins, Hickory threatens Turner with them, and is shocked when Turner reveals he was able to kill them. Turner confronts Hickory over his cowardice in not even trying to fight against the wolf conquest, angering him, and prompting him to attack. Turner kills Hickory in the ensuing battle and takes his sword.

Bolstered by his recent victories, and growing misanthropic due to his recent struggles, Turner finally reaches the wolves' den and kills every wolf there, including the mothers and children. Ash, the Alpha wolf, arrives later. Ash warns that if Turner defeats him it would mean ruin for the rabbits as they would overpopulate, causing famine and civil war without the wolves enforcing the natural order. Turner counters this by stating that if he does not kill the wolves, they would just lose control and kill all the rabbits again, starving themselves out, and that a death by his hand would be more honorable. In the ensuing battle, Turner manages to successfully overpower Ash and defeat him. After this he returns to the Rocky Hall, where he is offered the chance to become king, since no one would dare challenge the power of a rabbit who killed an entire wolf pack. Turner declines, feeling that he is not up to governing, and decides to wander the island trying to find a new purpose for his life.

Most of Lugaru's gameplay consists of Hand-to-hand combat with a heavy emphasis on Martial arts, and in many cases the combat incorporates knives, swords, and bo staves. The player can perform disarms, reversals, and counter-reversals. Despite the focus on melee combat, the player is not limited to outright attacking their enemies, since Lugaru has pronounced elements of stealth gameplay, and actively rewards players for defeating foes while remaining undetected.

Lugaru's combat controls are entirely original. There are only three context-sensitive action buttons: one "attack button", a "jump button", and a more general "crouch-reverse" button. This setup puts special emphasis on the timing and positioning of attacks to maximize their effectiveness, rather than memorizing complicated key combinations to do more damage.

There is no HUD, so the player must rely entirely on visual cues to determine Turner's current state of health; most notably the character's posture, visible injuries on his body, darkness and blurred vision. The player must also keep note of various environmental factors such as sounds, the direction of the wind and the presence of blood on their weapons; since wolf enemies have a strong sense of smell, are less approachable from downwind, and can also smell blood from both open wounds and soiled weaponry. Similarly, rabbits have great hearing and are sensitive to noises generated by rustled bushes.

The game can be played in campaign mode, which includes mission-specific objectives and the storyline, as well as a "challenge" mode, which involves the player progressing through a series of fourteen maps with the goal of clearing them of all hostile creatures. There is also an interactive tutorial.

"Lugaru" was made almost solely by David Rosen, including the game engine, models, animations and story. It was one of the first independently produced video games to employ ragdoll physics. It uses a unique combat system that bases attacks and counters on timing and context rather than different key combinations. 
Originally released January 28, 2005 for Mac OS X, Windows and Linux
followed that year as target platforms.

In 2010, after the success the first Humble Indie Bundle Lugaru was part of, Wolfire released the source code of Ryan C. Gordon's code branch of "Lugaru" under the GNU General Public License on May 11, 2010.

The source code availability allowed the game to be ported to additional platforms such as AmigaOS 4 or OpenPandora. In November 2016 David Rosen relicensed all assets under the open content CC BY-SA 3.0 Creative Commons license which makes Lugaru a fully free video game. In the beginning of 2017 the HD version followed. Development continues on a GitLab repository by the community.

Tim Soret would later improve the game's graphical textures, and Wolfire currently sells this updated version as "Lugaru HD".

David Rosen has announced that "Overgrowth" would be the sequel to "Lugaru". A remake of "Lugaru" was included in "Overgrowth".

Lugaru also has a number of mods made by the many fans of the game. Players can choose to download the "Lugaru Downloader" (discontinued, seeks a new developer) which gives them a list of all the fan-made mods so far. "Lugaru Downloader" also extracts and backs up the files and installs the mod automatically, rather than forcing users to back up files themselves and risk errors and glitches. The Wolfire forums contain a link and information, and the website comes with the download link and info.
Advanced modding, namely modifying skeletons to work custom animated characters into the game, 3D dodel customization, animation editing and map editing have been made possible by reverse-engineering the file formats and writing Python plugins for Blender. An overview of all modification resources, done modifications and how-to documentation can be found in this thread on the Wolfire forums.

Game designer Jacob Driscoll reviewed Lugaru in his web series, "Game Design by Jacob Driscoll".

Ian Beck of InsideMacGames gave Lugaru an 8.25 out of 10 after an in-depth, three-page review. He criticized the game's linear story as a minor drawback and the ragdoll physics as being "mildly ridiculous". However, he praised the game's graphics as being "very good" (with consideration given to the game's low budget), and he also praised the motion blur, slow motion effects, and the attention the developer gave to environmental details like the blood effects on both the terrain and the character models. He especially praised the context-based combat system.

Stephen Kelly of Blue Mage Reviews praised Lugaru's "advanced, innovative combat system" and noted that the game's "strategic depth prolongs replay value", while mentioning that the game can be frustratingly difficult at times, and has poor visuals. He also said, "It's a testament to the core gameplay that it continues to entertain well after the story mode is completed, and its blend of unusual ideas should be remembered and learned from in the future." 

As of June 2013, GameRankings lists only a single review for the game: David Vizcaino of Gamers Daily News, who gave "Lugaru" an 8.3, stated the game is "well worth trying out if you're looking for something fun/challenging to play".

GamingOnLinux reviewer Hamish Paul Wilson gave the game 8/10, stating that it is "an impressive feat, if anything over ambitious and yet still executed with a fair amount of competence and skill. Though it has some rough edges, it offers an experience unparalleled by any other title, be it the console fighting games that established the genre or its counterparts on the desktop computer."




</doc>
<doc id="2308535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2308535" title="The Fairyland Story">
The Fairyland Story

Gameplay has often been compared to other Taito platform games, such as "Bubble Bobble", "The NewZealand Story" and "Liquid Kids". A Japanese MSX version developed and published by Hot-B was released in 1987, while a Sharp X68000 port was developed and published in 1991 by SPS. "The Fairyland Story" would be included in the arcade game collections "Taito Legends 2", "Taito Memories Jokan," and "Taito Legends Power-Up". A 2003 port for Japanese mobile phones was made available through the I-mode and EZweb network services.

"The Fairyland Story" is a platform arcade game. The player controls the witch Ptolemy through a series of single-screen stages, with the objective being to defeat all of the enemies on each screen. Ptolemy's main weapon is her projectile magic, which will temporarily transform the enemies into large cakes. While in a "caked" form, the enemies can be destroyed either by further magic attacks or by being dropped off a platform, possibly squashing other enemies below. Squashing more than one enemy results in an award of more points and, sometimes, in extra bonuses. 2000 points are awarded for squashing an enemy below a cake, with each additional enemy doubling the number of points awarded. If two or more enemies are killed at once in one spot, a coin will appear in that spot, which may be collected for additional points, and if more are collected, will multiply in points, so as long the player doesn't lose a life.

Ptolemy's enemies are based upon typical fantasy beings - these include Orcs, pig-like soldiers, Salamanders, dragon-like creatures that can breathe fire, Wizards, mages that can make Ptolemy shrink and disappear, Clerics, bishops who can multiply themselves, Golems, and Wraiths, hooded creatures can phase through Ptolemy's magic. If Ptolemy takes too long to clear a level of a last remaining enemy, eventually that enemy will disappear without an award of points. If, however, Ptolemy takes too long to clear more than one enemy from the level, a flying devil, named Horned, appears to kill Ptolemy. The devil is invulnerable to Ptolemy's magic, and the only way to survive is for Ptolemy to kill all remaining enemies. This game element is very similar to the "Beluga" or "Skel Monsta" fish that limit the time allowed for each level in the later Taito game "Bubble Bobble".

Ptolemy's deaths are animated in different ways, depending on the enemy who kills her. She can sometimes collect some utility bonuses which increase her power and range of her magic for a short while or offensive bonuses that, most usually, result in the cake-ification and destruction of all on-screen enemies. At various intervals between levels, an intermission screen appears during the game showing Ptolemy riding on the back of a large, wingless blue dragon named Rodemy. A message appears on each of these intermission screens, either congratulating the player or warning of some hazard in the next level. Many of these messages contain incorrect English idioms or grammar typical of Engrish.

"The Fairyland Story" was released by Taito in Japan in July 1985 and in North America later that year. It was designed by Hiroshi "ONIJIST" Tsujino, best known for designing "The Ninja Warriors", with music composed by Tadashi Kimijima. While working at Taito's Yokohama Institute, Tsujino drafted an idea for a game where the player had to defeat enemies by crushing them under large cakes, which he claims to be partly inspired by his addiction to Namco's "Dig Dug". Early versions of the game were said to have been "monotonous" and left Tsujino largely unhappy with the outcome — being inspired by Broderbund's "Lode Runner" for the Apple II, he gave the game a larger emphasis on strategy and memorization, featuring reworked stage designs. The game's final boss took a week to complete. Executives at Taito were against the idea of the game having an ending and demanded that the team remove it, however Tsujino ignored their request.

An MSX port, developed and published by Hot-B, was released on September 3, 1987. This port featured degraded graphics and sound from the arcade version, typical for most arcade ports on the MSX, but had new stages, to perhaps make up for the degradation in graphics and sound. Some of these new stages are based on other Taito properties, like level 37 resembling Mr. Chack'n from "Chack'n Pop". The port also featured two new enemies, the Iron Golem, which is the same as the Golem enemy but immune to Ptolemy's magic, and Fleck, an enemy that can use the same magic as Ptolemy. Hot-B was also developing a port for the Famicom, but the port was later cancelled for unknown reasons. Later, in 1991, a Sharp X68000 port was developed and published by SPS, and was released on September 27, 1991. Unlike the MSX port, however, this was a more straightforward port of the arcade version, like most arcade ports on the Sharp X68000. It added several features not found in the original arcade version, like level progress and high score saving, and the choice between two soundtracks, the choices being an emulation of the original soundtrack, or a remixed soundtrack. In 2003, a port was made available for Japanese mobile phones via the I-mode and EZweb network services. Not much information is known about this port besides some screenshots, and some of the music from this port appearing in a soundtrack album for mobile games made by Taito. Emulated versions of the original arcade version would later be included on the arcade collections "Taito Legends 2", "Taito Memories Jokan," and "Taito Legends Power-Up."

Reviewing "Taito Legends 2", Kristan Reed of Eurogamer wrote "The Fairyland Story" "is a lot of fun - although lacks the two-player co-op fun, sadly. (...) Hugely addictive, though."

Ptolemy appears as a player character in "Space Invaders DX" (1994), "Pop'n Pop" (1998), "Daifugo Party" (2010), and "Arkanoid vs. Space Invaders" (2017). She has also made cameo appearances in several other games, including "The New Zealand Story" (1988), "Bubble Symphony" (1994), "Bubble Memories" (1996), and "Arkanoid DS" (2007). (1987) has a secret island based on "The Fairyland Story", named Magical Island, with the enemies and music from it being used in the secret island. Ptolemy herself does not appear in most versions of "Rainbow Islands" that feature the secret island"," however, she does make a cameo appearance in the Game Boy Color port of "Rainbow Islands" in the cutscenes proceeding and after Magical Island. The Worm enemy makes appearances in both "Don Doko Don" (1989) and "Don Doko Don 2" (1991). Many of the "Bubble Bobble" and "The New Zealand Story" gameplay elements, and even some graphics and bonuses, first appeared in "The Fairyland Story".



</doc>
<doc id="2309424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2309424" title="Ground Control II: Operation Exodus">
Ground Control II: Operation Exodus

Ground Control II: Operation Exodus is a 2004 real-time tactics video game developed by Massive Entertainment. It is a sequel to "Ground Control", the award-winning game of the same genre. Much like its predecessor, it features 3D graphics and a fully rotational camera system.

Similar to the first "Ground Control", "Operation Exodus" focuses on combat tactics rather than base construction or managing an economy. However, unlike its purely real-time tactics predecessor, "Ground Control II" has a resource system called "acquisition". Acquisition points are earned through the capturing of "victory locations" and destruction of enemy forces and allow the player to field units on the battlefield and use the support weapons that are unique to each faction. The game is also significantly faster paced than its predecessor and moves along at a pace similar to real-time strategy games such as "Command & Conquer".

The game features a three-sided conflict. However, only two of the factions, the Northern Star Alliance and the Viron Nomads, are actually playable. The Terran Empire is a non-playable faction featured only in the single-player campaign. The two playable sides feature a total of 33 units available. All of these units are deployed onto the battlefield through dropships, much like the deployment procedures of its predecessor. These units include infantry, tanks, infantry fighting vehicles, aircraft, artillery, and static emplacements. Unlike "Ground Control", however, unit customization is unavailable; each individual unit features a fixed secondary function.

The story of "Ground Control II" takes place in that same universe as that of the original game but starts 320 years later and has little in common with the original game. The human race has discovered faster than light travel and has colonized the galaxy. There are two groups of colonies in this universe, dubbed the Inner Sphere and Outer Sphere. A fictional physical phenomenon causes the communications between the two area to be only possible through a network of special relay stations built at the border of the spheres. Intergalactic travel is also impossible due to a fictional unexplained barrier between the galaxies.

After the battle of Krig-7b that took place in the original video game, Major Sarah Parker (the original game's protagonist) destroyed the Earth's early warning relay station, commandeered a battlecruiser called "CSS Astrid" (seen in the original game) and escaped. In the next centuries, a stellar war that lasted 70 years changed the political layout of the colonies. A colony called Draconis Empire subjugated the Inner Sphere and established the Empire of Terra. It destroyed the communication relays, severing communications with the Outer Sphere. The next two hundred years was the age of strife for the Outer Sphere, for they had to rediscover the precious knowledge to which they no longer had access. Eventually, the Outer Sphere colonies formed two interstellar states: The Northern Star Alliance (NSA) and the Intergalactic Trade Guild (ITG). After the two hundred years however, the Empire of Terra invaded the Outer Sphere and began taking over the NSA. In 40 years of battle that followed, the Empire took most of the NSA territory and finally invaded the Morningstar Prime, the capital of NSA.

The game begins with Captain Jacob Angelus becoming a field commander for the NSA. Despite Captain Angelus's "exceptional" battlefield performance, it is clear that NSA cannot win this war and it is only a matter of time before the Empire overwhelm them. However, an unknown spacecraft crashes on Morningstar Prime which Captain Angelus secures. NSA scientists who study the craft reveal that Major Parker outfitted "CSS Astrid" with an ancient device called a "Singularity Drive" that enables the ship to bypass the intergalactic barrier and travel to other galaxies. NSA plans to use the ship to evacuate NSA citizens to another galaxy, where the Empire cannot follow. Angelus is sent to find "CSS Astrid" but his search is complicated by Imperial forces in pursuit. Eventually, "CSS Astrid" is recovered and brought back to Morningstar Prime.

On Morningstar Prime, Captain Angelus must deal with the treachery of an NSA general as well as the arrival of fresh Imperial reinforcements. A tragic final battle takes place in which Captain Angelus and his allies help evacuating anyone they can to "CSS Astrid" and see to their safe departure. Despite all the efforts, the Imperials destroy an entire detachment of NSA forces as well as an NSA shuttle, presumably loaded with passengers. Captain Angelus himself does not make it to "CSS Astrid" and is stranded on Morningstar Prime.

"Ground Control II: Operation Exodus" received "generally favorable reviews" according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.



</doc>
<doc id="2309579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2309579" title="Condemned: Criminal Origins">
Condemned: Criminal Origins

Condemned: Criminal Origins (known in Europe as Condemned) is a first-person survival horror video game developed by Monolith Productions and published by Sega. It was launched worldwide in 2005 on the Xbox 360, with a Microsoft Windows version released later in 2006.

"Condemned: Criminal Origins" places an emphasis on melee combat and puzzle solving, including searching for fingerprints and gathering evidence.

Upon release, "Condemned" was met with moderate to good reviews by many aggregates and critics. Many reviewers cited its storyline and lack of progression as the game's biggest fault. As a reprieve, the game's solid controls and fresh approach to the horror genre were praised. A sequel, entitled "", was released in 2008 for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Other media forms include an internet prequel and a planned film adaptation to expand the "Condemned" franchise. The developers have cited films such as "The Silence of the Lambs" and "Seven" as inspiration for the game.

Although the game is played entirely from a first-person perspective (only broken for cut scenes), it is not a traditional first-person shooter. Firearms are present, but are somewhat uncommon. Unlike many other games from a first-person perspective, though, firearms are especially deadly, often killing enemies with a single shot. The guns that can be found, or taken from enemies, are only good for as long as the current ammo in the magazine lasts; once this is depleted, the butt of the gun can be used as a weapon. To complicate matters further, enemies operate firearms from the same ammo reserve, meaning once the enemy has been dispatched, the player only gets what ammo was left over from the fight. This encourages players to attack enemies carrying firearms quickly.

The focus of the experience is on improvised melee, allowing players and enemies to collect, or even pull, weapons from their surrounding environments, such as pipes, locker doors, shovels, and 2x4s. The developers of the game described the combat as 'visceral'. A quick-kick is available for attacking without, or alongside, a hand-held weapon, and attacks can be unleashed in different directions and configurations, such as left to right or overhead, but combat is notable for "not" utilizing a combo system, unlike similar titles such as "". In many cases, blocking is necessary both before and after landing a successful hit. The player can also perform "finishing moves" when the opponent is on his knees, such as headbutting or breaking their neck.

The artificial intelligence displayed by enemies requires the player to think on their feet a great deal more than similar games. Enemies are able to flee and hide effectively, often surprising the player by quickly appearing from a concealed spot. Enemies can also effectively feint, in order to trick the player into blocking at an inopportune time, leaving themselves open for the real attack.

Although there are sharp weapons in the game, one cannot stab or dismember enemies. In fact, the player can almost never wield an actual knife or sword, with the exception being in the School level, where the player has brief access to a meat cleaver. Some melee weapons fall under the class of "entry tool", (like a fire axe for a rotten door, or a crowbar for a locked safe) and act as keys in the gameworld, allowing the player to access new areas or locked boxes.

The player also has a taser gun which when used stuns the target, does some damage and allows the player to seize the stunned enemy's weapon. Later in the game, Lieutenant Rosa gives the player a new upgraded taser, which is much more powerful, causing the enemy's legs to give out. One hit or shot after that will kill any enemy. Common uses for it are safely attacking enemies with guns (since it allows players to stun them from a distance and then seize the gun while the enemy is incapacitated), countering an immediate attack (since using the taser does not require the precise timing that blocking does) and obtaining the chance to make a free hit (a hit where the player does not risk being hit first). However, it has to recharge between shots so it cannot be used to bypass the game's system of carefully fighting enemies.

The entire game takes place in derelict urban environments, with minimum lighting. The player must use a flashlight to navigate through the game's constantly darkened environments, while dealing with frequent enemy ambushes.

Near the end of the game the player loses both the flashlight and the taser. This means all strategies which required the taser become impossible and the only personal light source becomes burning planks which means carrying a gun reduces visibility. This effectively forces the player to rely exclusively on blocking, hiding and evasion for defense and close range attacks for offense.

"Condemned" directly involves the player in crime scene investigations, offering the ability to, at the press of a context-sensitive button, call upon a suite of forensic tools to find and record evidence. The player character is linked to an FBI lab via his mobile phone throughout the investigation, allowing (almost immediate) remote examination and analysis by his support worker, Rosa. Crime scene evidence can be used to solve puzzles, allowing the player to pass previously impassable barriers, and provide clues to the overall mysteries of the story.

Examples of evidence include fingerprints, footprints, fibers, fluids (such as blood or chemicals), particles, residues, markings/etchings, material, imprints, wounds, small objects, documents, and body parts.

The player character is gifted with the instinctual ability to detect when forensic evidence is nearby, allowing players to bring up the detection and collection tools when appropriate. However, the "instincts" of the character only vaguely highlight the area in which the evidence resides; it is up to the player to methodically sweep the scene and catalog any findings.

"Condemned: Criminal Origins" is set in the fictional American city of Metro. The player takes on the role of Ethan Thomas, a crime scene investigation agent with the FBI's Serial Crime Unit, as he traverses the seedier sides of the city. His journey takes him through a number of condemned buildings as he searches for the one who framed him for murder, the evasive Serial Killer X. Along the way, Ethan must use his investigative intuition and technology to examine evidence left behind by SKX, all the while fighting off the violently psychotic denizens of Metro City, who seem to be driven to such madness by a mysterious, yet seemingly extraneous force.

The game's protagonist is Ethan Thomas (voiced by Greg Grunberg), an SCU investigator with unusually acute investigative instincts. He also is stated to have superhuman durability, as demonstrated by his ability to recover quickly from electrocution, long falls, and blunt trauma to the head, among others. He is aided in his investigations by Rosa, a forensics investigator at headquarters.

The primary antagonist of the game is Serial Killer X, who is hunting the serial killers that Ethan is searching for, killing them by the methods that they themselves use. Near the end of the game, he is revealed to be Leland Vanhorn, nephew of Ethan’s friend Malcolm. Malcolm believes that Leland is being influenced by mysterious mutilated humanoid creatures that are causing an increase in insanity throughout the city.

The game begins with the protagonist, SCU agent Ethan Thomas, arriving at the scene of a murder. He and his fellow officers go into an abandoned building that is surrounded by psychopaths and criminals. The crime scene they investigate is one of a young woman. She is on the floor with strangulation wounds, sitting across a table from a male mannequin. Ethan, along with his colleagues, agree that the murder was most likely committed by the Match Maker, a serial killer that Ethan has been investigating. After they collect evidence from the scene, one of the officers smells cigarette smoke. Believing that the smoke must be coming from their suspect, they decide to split up and go after him. While searching for the suspect, Ethan tries to restore power from an electrical box. Due to an electrical surge, Ethan is shocked, and drops to the floor, causing his weapon to be thrown from his hand. A man hiding in the shadows takes it and flees. Ethan manages to chase the man into a small, dead-end room, where the man holds Ethan at gunpoint and tells him they have similar goals. Ethan's colleagues enter the room and tell the man to drop his weapon, and are promptly shot by the man with Ethan's gun, who then shoves Ethan out a window onto the street.

Ethan wakes in his apartment with Malcolm Vanhorn, a friend of Ethan’s father, at his side. Malcolm warns Ethan that he is wanted for the deaths of the two officers who were shot with Ethan's gun. Ethan is determined to prove his innocence, although his own sanity appears to be slipping, as throughout the game he suffers numerous horrific visions, and all the while is forced to fight to the death in self-defence against homeless men and women who have inexplicably been driven insane.

He soon learns that the killer is interested in Ethan’s SCU career. Later, he finds the body of the Match Maker, killed by his own modus operandi in an old department store. He presumes that the man at the original crime scene, referred to in the game as "Serial Killer X", is the culprit and that he is trying to kill the serial killers that Ethan is looking for. Ethan searches for the one that he thinks is next, a serial killer dubbed 'The Torturer'.

Ethan tracks the Torturer and Serial Killer X to an abandoned apple orchard in the rural town of Brier. Shortly before finding the Torturer in the farmhouse, Ethan is attacked by a strange man-like creature. Ethan kills the creature, and continues in his search. He searches through the farm where he eventually finds the Torturer dead, also killed by his own modus operandi. Soon, Ethan finds the mysterious killer, who is revealed to be Leland Vanhorn, nephew of Malcolm Vanhorn. Malcolm arrives and knocks Ethan out with a shovel to prevent him from hurting Leland. Leland then knocks Malcolm out.

When Ethan revives, he is tied up and at the mercy of Leland. He explains to Ethan that he has been killing the serial killers that Ethan had been hunting, and that he intends to kill Ethan as well. As Leland thinks of all the ways that he can kill Ethan, cutting Ethan's finger off in the process, Ethan notices another man-like creature hiding in the rafters. This creature is known as 'The Hate' and is identified as the source of the madness gripping Metro City. Malcolm jumps Leland from behind and succeeds in wrestling him to the ground. Ethan manages to free himself, and Malcolm tells him to kill The Hate, saying that it is the cause of Leland’s madness. Ethan pursues The Hate as it tries to escape, fighting waves of hideously burned homeless men along the way, and eventually corners it in a barn and kills it.

As Malcolm drives Ethan home, Ethan discovers that Leland is alive, and in the trunk of the car. When Ethan opens the trunk, he is given the option to shoot the tied-up Leland. If he does not shoot Leland, Leland pulls out his own gun and waves it at Ethan before committing suicide. Later, Ethan and Rosa are having a conversation in a diner when Rosa tips him off that she is wired, revealing that she still trusts him. Rosa then leaves the diner, and Ethan goes to the bathroom. While in the restroom, the player witnesses as Ethan's mouth becomes that of one of The Hate before the game comes to an abrupt halt.

The version of "Condemned: Criminal Origins" for the Xbox 360 console employs the achievements system mandated by Microsoft. As the criteria for the achievement awards are met, bonus content is unlocked, which can then be accessed from a special menu. Content includes concept and production sketches and paintings, work-in-progress animation, video from motion capture sessions, and a rather lengthy video showcasing a complete level from an early version of the game. These features were later carried over to the PC version of the game.

"Condemned: Criminal Origins" was originally known as "The Dark", quite far into production. Under this name, the game was largely similar but differed in several key areas. The player character was known as Agent Cross, and the game appeared to follow him on a government-sanctioned investigation, or investigations, rather than acting as a rogue on the run from the law. Although Cross possessed the supernatural leanings of Thomas from the final game, he could actually use various magical spells. For example, a spell could be uttered to pull a gun from an enemy's hands and another spell saw doors and other obstacles break in front of the player, seemingly negating the need for a fire axe. The forensic tools used by Cross also differed, as the detection and collection tools were typically one individual item - the UV light, for instance, could illuminate clues and then be used to physically swipe across them, to take samples.

"Condemned: Criminal Origins" received "generally favorable reviews" on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. GameSpot said of the Xbox 360 version, "it captures hand-to-hand combat with intense, lifelike brutality like no other game before it." In Japan, where the same console version was ported for release under the name on August 31, 2006, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 25 out of 40, while "Famitsu Xbox 360" gave it a score of two nines and two eights for a total of 34 out of 40.

"Detroit Free Press" gave the Xbox 360 version a score of all four stars and said, "Though the game could be longer and could stand more diversity, the cold shivers that run down your spine while playing it are an undeniable rush." "Maxim" gave it a score of eight out of ten and stated that the game, "while not entirely original, still creatively mixes the first-person punching of "" with the jump-out-at-you frights of "Doom 3" and the investigative thrills of the best "" episode." "The New York Times" gave it a favorable review and stated that "The game is also creepy in another way; you spend much of it essentially beating homeless people to death with pipes. Admittedly, these people attack you, and in fact will often attack and kill one another if you just get out of their way, but I still found it disturbing." However, "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave it a score of three stars out of five, saying, "Frights are common as disturbingly psychopathic vagrants lunge at you from the shadows. The violence is raw, barbaric and unsettling." "Edge", however, gave it a score of six out of ten and called it "a scary, vicious, visually progressive if rather hollow next-gen showcase that doesn’t outstay its welcome. If you want to spend a night or two in the company of the future of horror videogaming, you could do a lot worse."

In February 2008 all copies of "Condemned" were confiscated in Germany because of , which outlaws the dissemination or public display of media "which describe cruel or otherwise inhuman acts of violence against human beings in a manner which expresses a glorification or rendering harmless of such acts of violence or which represents the cruel or inhuman aspects of the event in a manner which injures human dignity." Distribution in Germany is now prohibited by law.

A six-part episodic online game was released on the "Condemned: Criminal Origins" website. The protagonist is Agent Mallory, who is searching for a serial killer. In the last episode, Mallory is killed by Serial Killer X. The game ends where "Condemned: Criminal Origins" begins.

A direct sequel to the game was released in 2008. It was titled "Condemned 2: Bloodshot" to show the character evolution in protagonist Ethan Thomas. The game was developed by Monolith and published by Sega, the same companies as the original. It expanded on the gameplay elements from "Condemned" and added several new features such as online multiplayer and environmental kills.

On October 4, 2005, Warner Brothers Studios announced plans to release a film adaptation which is set in the same "universe" as the then upcoming "Condemned: Criminal Origins". Warner Bros. Studios had acquired Monolith Productions during 2004 and was expecting 2008 to be announced, but never was.
A report from "The Variety" stated that Kurt Sutter, co-executive producer of the television series "The Shield", would be writing the screenplay for the film under the working title "Unforgettable".

According to earlier drafts of the script, a police officer hunts down a serial killer in an attempt to clear his name from murder. However, during the process he discovers that he may be tied to other ongoing murder cases in an unusual way. The cop soon begins to question throughout his investigation upon discovering his supernatural abilities, "who he is as a man, until he realizes he's not a man. A tug-of-war emerges among a faction of good and evil aliens."

Also connected with the project is "Jace Hall", a former Monolith CEO who joined Warner Bros. to become Vice president of Operations over their gaming division. Hall, along with Nathan Henderickson, was responsible for the film's concept and state that he seeks to "come up with something specifically designed to use multiple mediums to tell stories that had some continuity and connective thread... We wanted to create a universe that, like a "Star Wars", was big enough where different stories could exist." "Variety" indicated that the plan was to introduce audiences to the "universe" of "Condemned" with "Criminal Origins", followed by a film adaptation which will tie-in with a sequel video game gradually expanding the story's universe.


</doc>
<doc id="2309926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2309926" title="Zoo Tycoon (2001 video game)">
Zoo Tycoon (2001 video game)

Zoo Tycoon is a business simulation developed by Blue Fang Games and released by Microsoft. It is a tycoon game in which the player must run a zoo and try to make a profit. Although first released for Microsoft Windows and Macintosh in 2001, it was ported to the Nintendo DS in 2005. It was followed by two expansion packs, "Dinosaur Digs" and "Marine Mania", which were released in 2002, as well as a sequel, "Zoo Tycoon 2", released in 2004.

The goal of "Zoo Tycoon" is to create a thriving zoo by building exhibits to accommodate animals and keeping the guests and animals happy. Exhibit-building is one of the primary goals of "Zoo Tycoon". To keep the guests and animals happy, exhibits should be suitable to the animal; for example, a lion is best suited to a savannah environment. Choices in terrain, foliage, rocks, shelters, fences, toys and the presence of zookeepers all contribute to the suitability of an exhibit and the happiness of the animal. Guest happiness is dependent on animal choice, animal happiness, buildings, and scenery. Buildings may include bathrooms, restaurants and food stands, shops, reptile houses, aviaries, or entertainment buildings such as movie theaters. Scenery involves aesthetics that raise guest happiness slightly, such as topiary art, light posts, or benches. Keeping both animal and guest happiness allows the player to gain monetary awards and steady income. To help manage the expanding zoo, players can employ maintenance workers, zookeepers and tour guides. If the animals are released and escape from their enclosures, they can kill the guests. Sometimes, when animals are unhappy, they can attack the zookeeper.

There are three modes in "Zoo Tycoon": Tutorial, Scenario, and Freeform. Tutorial teaches the player how to build exhibits and keep guests happy. Scenario mode has the player complete a series of objectives under restrictions. These objectives may include achieving a certain guest and animal happiness, achieving a certain exhibit suitability, displaying a certain number of animals, or breeding a certain animal. Freeform allows the player to choose the amount of money and the map with which they start. They are presented with an open lot and a limited selection of animals, buildings, and scenery available for purchase. As the game progresses, more animals and items become playable. Additional animals and items may be researched, where money is invested to make them playable.

Cheat codes are available for the game and many of them reference characters from Reservoir Dogs.

"Zoo Tycoon" was created in the wake of the success of the 1999 Hasbro Interactive game "RollerCoaster Tycoon", which sold well for many years. "Zoo Tycoon" did well enough for Microsoft and Blue Fang Games to release two expansion packs: "Dinosaur Digs", which added prehistoric-themed items and animals including mythical creatures, and "Marine Mania", which allowed aquatic-themed items and animals. Eventually, Microsoft bundled the expansion packs with "Zoo Tycoon" to create Zoo Tycoon Complete Collection as Hasbro had done for "RollerCoaster Tycoon". This had the functionality of both expansion packs and bonus content.

Released on May 19, 2002, "Dinosaur Digs" includes 20 new prehistoric animals to choose from including mammoths, saber-toothed cats, and varied dinosaurs as well as prehistoric-themed items and buildings. In addition, new types of electrical fences to accommodate the animals and prehistoric foliage have been introduced. As in the previous game, more extinct animals, foliage and better care for dinosaurs can be researched. Each dinosaur is adopted as an egg. The game introduces a new staff member, the scientist, to care for the eggs and, once it hatches, the dinosaur itself.

Despite the fact that the player can purchase electrified fences to keep dinosaurs contained in exhibits, it is still possible for them to escape. If one does escape, the player will have to hire a dinosaur recovery team to find and tranquillize it so that it can be returned to its exhibit.

The second and final expansion pack to the game wherein players can create and manage underwater exhibits or merge aquatic tanks with traditional land habitats was released on October 17, 2002. Interactive tutorials and virtual marine specialists are available to help players maintain animal happiness. In addition, 10 new scenarios were added.

Also new in the expansion pack is the ability to create aquatic shows.

The success of "Zoo Tycoon" also led to the creation of new features by fans of the game. Mods were created to fix problems with the game and unlock new features. Many of these mods were made possible by an official program created by Blue Fang Games named Animal Project Editor (APE), which allows the player to easily create one's own animals or objects, with either simply renaming a premade item or creating frames one-by-one for something new.

"Zoo Tycoon 2" was released on November 2004. Although released with fewer animals than "Zoo Tycoon", more animals were introduced in its expansion packs: "", "", "", and "". The first two were bundled in the "Zoo Tycoon 2: Zookeeper Collection". All of them were bundled in "Zoo Tycoon 2 Ultimate Collection".

"Zoo Tycoon" was received with mixed to positive reviews, gaining an average 68 out of 100 at Metacritic. GameZone gave the game a score of 8 out of 10.

"Zoo Tycoon" and its compiled "Complete Collection" also garnered several awards and accolades, gaining the Bologna New Media Prize in 2002. "Zoo Tycoon: Complete Collection" received the Parents' Choice Foundation Gold Award - 2003, the AIAS Computer Family Title of the Year Interactive Achievement Award - 2004, the Scholastic Parent & Child Teacher's Pick – 2004, and the Children's Software Revue All Star Award – 2004.

"Zoo Tycoon" was a commercial success. Within a year of release, the game rose above 1 million copies in sales. By October 2003, its global sales had surpassed 2.5 million copies, or 3 million when grouped with its expansion packs. The NPD Group declared it the eighth-best-selling computer game of 2002, and the 11th-best-selling of 2003. NPD proceeded to rank the game's "Zoo Tycoon: Complete Collection" bundle 10th for 2004, 16th for 2005 and 12th for 2006.

In the United States alone, "Zoo Tycoon" sold 1.1 million units and earned $28.2 million by August 2006. It was among the country's 15 highest-selling computer games ever by July 2004, and "Edge" ranked it as the country's fifth-best-selling computer game released between January 2000 and August 2006. "Zoo Tycoon" also received a "Gold" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom; and a "Gold" certification from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), for sales of at least 100,000 units across Germany, Switzerland and Austria.

The "Zoo Tycoon" series, including the original "Zoo Tycoon", surpassed 4 million copies in global sales by July 2004. Over 2 million copies of the series were sold in the United States alone by that date. Series sales in the country rose to 2.9 million units by August 2006.



</doc>
<doc id="2310661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2310661" title="Haunted House (video game)">
Haunted House (video game)

Haunted House is an Atari 2600 video game written by James Andreasen and published by Atari, Inc. in February 1982. The player, represented by a pair of eyes, must navigate the haunted mansion of the late Zachary Graves to recover the three pieces of an urn. The game has been identified as one of the earliest examples of the survival horror genre by a GameSpy article.

The house has three floors and a basement. The player's character may pick up only one of three items at a time (a key to open doors, a sceptre to ward off evil spirits, or the urn) and must avoid a bat, a tarantula, and the ghost of Mr. Graves himself. If the player is hit by the monsters nine times, the game ends. If the player escapes the house with the urn, the player wins.

The items (and house layout in higher difficulties) can only be seen when the player uses the 'fire' button on the joystick to light a match, illuminating a small radius directly around his character; this can be done an infinite number of times, although the match only lasts for a limited amount of time before being snuffed out. If a monster enters the same room as the player, a howling wind from the monster will blow out any lit match.

Haunted House has a total of nine different levels which make the game more challenging; in particular, later difficulty levels make the walls of the house itself invisible unless the player lights a match.

"Electronic Games" in 1983 stated that "Haunted House"s graphics were "on the simple side, but the effect of creeping through the darkened rooms is very well done".

Richard A. Edwards reviewed "Haunted House" in "The Space Gamer" No. 54. Edwards commented that "There are no drawbacks that come immediately to mind about "Haunted House". This is a sure winner and should be spirited away from your nearest store."

In a 1993 review, "Digital Press" gave the game 6 out of 10, and called it "the dinosaur of the SCARY genre" but said it is not a bad game.

In 2010, a sequel by the same name was released by Atari who revamped "Haunted House" with updated graphics for Windows, the Wii, and Xbox Live Arcade. It was released for Windows on September 28, 2010, for the Wii on October 5, 2010 and on Xbox Live Arcade on October 28, 2010.
The game takes place 30 years after the original protagonist was implied to have mysteriously vanished inside the mansion, with his grandchildren searching for him inside the mansion.

An unofficial sequel to the game, titled "Return to Haunted House," was one of the several built-in games included in the second rendition of the Atari Flashback, a line of plug-and-play game systems. It used Adventure's source code and graphics and was not included on any other Atari Flashback releases.

A new installment of the series, titled "Haunted House: Cryptic Graves", was announced on September 1, 2014 and was released on November 25, 2014 for the Microsoft Windows. Upon release, the game received negative reviews from critics.


</doc>
<doc id="2314516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2314516" title="Hidden &amp; Dangerous">
Hidden &amp; Dangerous

Hidden & Dangerous is a 1999 World War II video game developed by Illusion Softworks and published by Take-Two Interactive and TalonSoft for Windows, Dreamcast, and PlayStation. The PlayStation port of the game was developed by Tarantula Studios. It is regarded as one of the pioneering tactical first person shooters.

The player controls a four-man British Special Air Service (SAS) team executing a number of important missions during World War II. The game features soldier selection prior to each mission. A comprehensive load-out sequence is also available where players have access to a variety of weapons and equipment. Mission briefings outline objectives, intelligence on enemy strengths and recommended plans of advance. During missions, players can command directly by toggling through the soldiers in their squad, voice commands or a tactical map which allows for real time control or planned maneuvers once the map is exited. Missions include, sabotage, search and destroy, POW rescue and resistance aid. Hidden and Dangerous features missions in Italy, Yugoslavia, Germany, Norway, the North Sea and Czechoslovakia. Despite certain historical liberties taken with actual SAS missions and time-lines, the game retains a degree of historical accuracy and intense atmosphere, including realistic wounding as squad members can be heavily wounded or killed by even brief enemy contact.

"Hidden & Dangerous" was a commercial success, with 350,000 units sold globally by May 2000. Sales had surpassed one million copies by 2007. It was particularly popular in the United Kingdom. According to "PC Gamer US", most of the game's success derived from European markets. A writer for the magazine reported, "The game wasn't so fortunate in the States, where it received warm reviews but endured poor sales — partly because of intense competition from "Rainbow Six", a lack of multiplayer options, and relatively little marketing exposure."

Garrett Kenyon reviewed the Dreamcast version of the game for "Next Generation", rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "While the minor bugs and graphic shortcomings keep this game from being a classic, TalonSoft has done an excellent job presenting a solid game with enough missions, options, and surprises to keep you coming back for more."

The PC and Dreamcast versions received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.

An expansion was released in 1999, titled "Hidden & Dangerous: Fight for Freedom" in the UK and "Hidden & Dangerous: Devil's Bridge" in the US in 2000. This added new soldiers, weapons and missions in new locations including Poland, the Ardennes and postwar Greece.

A fully updated version of the game, "Hidden & Dangerous Deluxe", was released for free as a commercial promotion for the sequel "Hidden & Dangerous 2". It is still available as freeware.


Poland, the Ardennes and postwar Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="2318758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2318758" title="Sacrifice (video game)">
Sacrifice (video game)

Sacrifice is a real-time strategy video game published by Interplay Entertainment in 2000 for Microsoft Windows platform. Developed by Shiny Entertainment, the game features elements of action and other genres. Players control wizards who fight each other with spells and summoned creatures. The game was ported to Mac OS 9.2 in 2001.

Unlike many of its contemporary real-time strategy games, "Sacrifice" places little emphasis on resource gathering and management. There is no system of workers; the players' wizards collect souls to summon creatures, and their mana—energy for casting spells—constantly regenerates. Players customize their attacks by choosing from spells and creatures aligned to five gods. To defeat an opponent, the player's wizard sacrifices a friendly unit at the opposing wizard's altar, thereby desecrating it and banishing the enemy wizard. Aside from a single-player campaign, "Sacrifice" offers a multiplayer mode, in which up to four players can play against each other over computer networks.

"Sacrifice" was created by a small team of developers; most of the work was done by four key personnel. The graphic engine of the game uses tesselation: thousands of polygons are used to display an object and as lesser details are needed, the number of polygons is reduced. By adjusting the required level of detail, "Sacrifice" can be run on various machines with the highest possible quality of graphics. Complementing the graphics of the game were the voice work of professional actors, such as Tim Curry, and the musical compositions of Kevin Manthei. "Sacrifice" was praised by reviewers for the novel designs of its creatures and for its humorous content. The high level of attention needed to manage its frenetic combat was mentioned as a flaw. Despite winning several awards, "Sacrifice" was not a commercial success, and no sequels are planned.

Published in 2000 for the Windows 98 platform (and in the following year for Mac OS 9.2), "Sacrifice" is a real-time strategy video game that incorporates elements of the action genre. Players control wizards, looking over their characters from behind. Each match starts the player with a wizard and an altar. Using the keyboard and mouse, players move their wizards around a virtual world, directing armies and casting spells to eliminate their opponents. A player's wizard defeats an opponent by desecrating his or her altar through the magical "sacrifice" of a friendly unit.
Wizards can cast spells that harm opponents (combat spells), heal damage taken, or summon creatures. More advanced combat spells affect large areas of the battlefield, taking the form of tornadoes and volcanoes. Casting spells requires energy, which the game represents in the form of mana. Recovery of mana is slow, but a wizard accelerates the process by staying close to his or her altar. Close proximity to one of several fountains of mana scattered across the world increases his or her recovery rate as well. A wizard can monopolize a mana fountain by erecting a structure known as a manalith over it. Because mana can always be regained, it is an infinite resource. Souls are the other type of resource in this game; they are used, along with mana, to summon creatures, who form the mainstay of the players' offensive capability. Unlike mana, souls are limited in quantity. Players start with a few souls and increase their resources by locating unclaimed souls, or by converting the souls of unfriendly creatures their wizards have killed.

Summoned creatures are mainly classified into three classes: melee, ranged, and air (flyers). In a rock-paper-scissors manner, each class is a counter to another. Melee creatures inflict more damage to their ranged opponents, but cannot retaliate against flyers, which in turn are vulnerable to those who can attack at range. Several creatures also have special abilities, such as creating protective magical barriers, becoming invisible, or immobilizing their opponents. Two units, manahoars and sac doctors, have special purposes. Manahoars help to recharge their summoner's mana by channeling energy from manaliths to him or her. Sac doctors are summoned to extract the souls of fallen opponents and bring them back to the altar for conversion. These units are also summoned to hold the sacrificial rituals required for desecrating enemy altars; killing a sac doctor disrupts the process.

The spells and abilities of the creatures are designed along the ethos of five gods. Persephone, the Great Healer, bestows her followers with powers of regeneration and nature. Her counterpart, Charnel, God of Strife, celebrates death and decay; his creatures are undead and his spells drains the life of others. The other three gods—James, Stratos, and Pyro—govern natural elements, granting their followers abilities associated with earth, air, and fire, respectively.

Unlike other real-time strategy games released in or before 2000, "Sacrifice"s gameplay is not focused on large-scale management of resources and bases. Instead, the game emphasizes micromanagement of the players' units; success in the game is linked to meticulous control of individuals or small groups to overcome enemies. Players order their armies to assume formations by pressing an assigned key or navigating through a pop-up menu. The order can also be given by moving the mouse in specific patterns without waiting for the menu to appear.

"Sacrifice"s single-player campaign begins with a meeting between the protagonist Eldred and the blind seer Mithras on a war-torn world. Through voiceovers and cut scenes rendered by the game engine, Eldred recounts to Mithras his background and the events that led to the world's current state. Eldred was a tyrannical emperor who ruled over the world of Jhera. However, his days of rule were numbered: his subjects were rebelling, and his enemies gathered at the borders of his realm. Turning to the mystical arts for a solution, Eldred summoned a demon, Marduk, to eliminate opposition to his rule. Marduk proved uncontrollable and ravaged Jhera. Eldred fled to the world that he and Mithras stand on. The world—having suffered a past cataclysm—was riven into a collection of five floating islands. A god rules over each realm, seeking to impose his or her own agenda. The rivalries among the gods are aggravated by Mithras's prophecy of a traitor amongst them. Sensing the opportunity for a new lease on life, Eldred offers his service to the gods.

The campaign spans ten missions. In each mission, the player chooses a god for Eldred to champion, receiving creatures and spells from that god. The player can build up a selection of units and spells from different gods by changing Eldred's allegiance between missions; the selections are used in later missions or multiplayer sessions. As the game progresses, the player's choices align Eldred with one god. Aside from the stated goals in each mission, there are secret objectives that if accomplished bestow bonuses to Eldred's attributes (magical and physical resistance, more mana, etc.).

Midway through the campaign, Eldred encounters Marduk again. The demon taunts the wizard and announces that this world will suffer the same fate as Jhera. Eldred warns the gods; they believe one of them supports the demon and fall upon each other to eliminate the traitor. By the last stage of the campaign, Eldred has helped one god to kill the others. After the end of the wizard's narration, Mithras reveals himself as Marduk. Stratos, the traitor, had planned for the demon to appear on this world and deliver the prophecy to the gods. Marduk berates Eldred for his naivety and starts the final battle. After defeating the demon, the player chooses one of two endings for Eldred: stay and help the last god rule the world, or leave and seek his destiny in other worlds.

"Sacrifice" features the capability for players to play matches against each other over computer networks; up to four players (human- or computer-controlled) can participate in a multiplayer match. Four modes of play are available: Skirmish, Slaughter, Soul Harvest, and Domination. Skirmish's gameplay is similar to that of the single-player mode; a player wins the match by banishing the others' wizards. The winner of Domination is the wizard who controls a certain number of manaliths. The goal in Slaughter is to amass the most kills, while wizards in Soul Harvest have to collect the most souls.

Initially, the multiplayer games could only be played over small-area networks of computers (local area networks), or over the internet through an integrated matchmaking service. Later software patches added online rankings and the capability to connect computers via Internet Protocol Suite (TCP/IP), allowing play over the internet without the matchmaking service. The Macintosh version's matchmaking, handled by GameRanger, had to be installed through a patch. Multiplayer matches cannot be played between different computer platforms.

"Sacrifice"s development started in August 1997. The game's lead programmer, Martin Brownlow, was inspired by "", which was released in 1985 for the ZX Spectrum computer. In the old game, players take turns to control wizards, summoning creatures and casting spells to eliminate each other. The video game industry was mostly ignorant of "Sacrifice"s development, partly due to Shiny's desire to avoid repeating the bad experience of marketing their last product "Messiah". Released in March 2000, the game was extravagantly promoted by Shiny during its development, and the resulting heavy scrutiny from the media greatly stressed the team who worked on the game. Learning from this mistake, Shiny adopted a low profile for "Sacrifice"; until the last several months of its development, no one outside the company knew of the game. According to Brownlow, his team was able to concentrate on developing the game without the media or "fan base questioning every decision that gets made along the way".

The bulk of the work was done by a small team. Game designer Eric Flannum, formerly of Blizzard Entertainment, recalls that there were only three other key personnel: two programmers and an animator. As more game features were developed, the team expanded. Flannum was tasked to lead four level designers, and Jon Gwyn joined Joby Otero on the art team. After the basic features of the game had been completed, James Phinney, lead designer and producer of Blizzard's 1998 real-time strategy game "StarCraft", was hired to write the plot for the single-player campaign. His first draft was used as the script for recording placeholder voiceovers, which helped the team to judge the atmosphere in the game. Later, Shiny employed professional actors, such as Tim Curry and Brad Garrett, and various voice artists, such as Jennifer Hale, to record the final voices for the game's characters. Audio filters altered the voices for the gods, giving them a supernatural edge appropriate to their roles. For background music, Shiny hired Kevin Manthei, who had composed many scores for video games and big- and small-screen entertainment, such as "Scream 3" and "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". His compositions for "Sacrifice" were played by an orchestra of 25 instruments. Shiny's founder, David Perry, was so busy with the game's development that he passed over the opportunity to create a video game for the science-fiction movie "The Matrix".

"Sacrifice"s graphics engine was developed from "Messiah"s. The older game renders its characters by tesselation, using thousands of polygons to make up character models and decreasing the number of polygons when lesser details are required, such as drawing the object at a distance. A typical object in "Sacrifice" comprises 200 to 2,500 polygons. Shiny expanded the technology's application to the game's virtual world. The environment is not decorated with grass, flowers, and rocks by overlaying two-dimensional images of such objects on the terrain model. Instead, many tiny models of these terrain features litter the landscape. Objects in the game are composed of isosceles right triangles, each of which is infinitely divisible into two smaller isosceles right triangles. The array of infinite triangles derived from these divisions is stored in a binary triangle tree data structure, and the simplicity of the division and its data management algorithms frees up the graphic processor for other duties, allowing more resources to be spent on managing the level of detail. "Sacrifice"s spell effects are composed of parametric surfaces, which also can be broken down into triangles, facilitating tessellation.
In early 2000, the computer industry released the first video graphics cards capable of processing transform, clipping, and lighting (T&L) instructions. With the appropriate software, these new cards took over the burden of T&L processing from the computer's processor, allowing more detailed graphics and smoother animation. Shiny capitalized on the breakthrough, spending a few weeks to rewrite a portion of "Sacrifice"s software. Brownlow and his team refined and improved the game's graphics, increasing the number of polygons per model and setting the software to scan through scenes a few more times to determine what objects to render and how to display them. "Sacrifice" was acknowledged as the first game on the market to make full use of the new graphic cards (the GeForce 2 and Radeon series). Because of the adopted technology, animation in the game was smooth, without the jerkiness associated with overstressed graphical engines.

For the character models, Otero and his team eschewed conventional designs inspired by "The Lord of the Rings" and other fantasies. Otero's ideal was that of "form follows function", by which a creature's capabilities or purposes are readily apparent from its appearance. In his opinion, a creature designed to kill enemies by exploding itself would simply be a "cartoon-ish bomb with feet". Otero's simple designs were expanded and fleshed out in detail by Gwyn, who was also responsible for creating Eldred's model. The artists' incorporation of humor in their work did not escape the video game industry's notice; many pointed out the quirky allusion of James, God of Earth, to Earthworm Jim, star of Shiny's previous games.

By June, the major features of the game had been implemented, and Shiny proceeded to the next stage of development. It selected a thousand members of the public to participate in a beta test of "Sacrifice"s multiplayer modes, receiving feedback on software bugs, performance issues, and possible improvements. The game's publisher, Interplay Entertainment, assigned its quality assurance department to test the single-player mode. Perry promoted the game by visiting professional game reviewers, such as FiringSquad, and giving copies of the beta version to them. On November 17, 2000, Interplay released the game for the Windows platform. Shiny packaged a level editor, Scapex, with the finished product, allowing gamers to create their own levels. The tool displays the user's changes as they are added to the level. Users have total control over the positioning of models and scripting of events, although the tool does not provide the capability to create new spells or creatures. User-created maps can be shared with other players during the connection phase of multiplayer games.

Earlier in the same month, Macintosh software publisher MacPlay announced that it was porting "Sacrifice" to the Apple computers. It took the company several months to adapt the source code to the Macintosh architecture, and on December 14, 2001, the Macintosh version of the game was released. It has almost the same features as the original version; however, Scapex was excluded from the port. Another feature left out was multiplayer mode, which MacPlay added through a software patch.

"Sacrifice" was developed and released during a period of growth for the video games market; the amount United States consumers spent on video games increased from US$3.2 billion in 1995 to $6.0 billion in 2000. "Solid" real-time strategy games could sell more than 100,000 copies, and those that sold less than 75,000 copies were considered commercial failures by the publishers. Many real-time strategy game developers concentrated on enhancing their game's visuals without concern for innovations in gameplay. Shiny was recognized by the industry for its unconventional games, which exhibited humorous content and unique artistic designs. When it became known that the company was developing "Sacrifice" as its first real-time strategy game, several industry observers were keen to see whether it could deliver a quality product.
Initial reactions were favorable. "Sacrifice"s art was a point of focus for reviewers: the fantasy creatures' novel designs made deep impressions on the industry. The designs were so unconventional that gaming journalist Michael Eilers remarked, "It is as if Salvador Dalí and H. R. Giger got together and played around with 3D Studio Max for a few weeks with a cooler full of Bass Ale between them." To fellow journalist Kieron Gillen, "Sacrifice" resembled a version of the strategy game "Command and Conquer" as designed by Renaissance painter Hieronymus Bosch. Aside from being impressed by the details in the graphics, GameSpy's Lee Haumersen found the creatures' movements fluid and believable, remarking, "flying dragons heave their bodies through the air reminiscent of Draco in the movie "Dragonheart"." Journalist Tom Chick summed up the weird experience of seeing his wizard at the head of "a troop of flapping, crawling, loping, whirling, hopping things" as the essence of "what gaming is all about."

The game's spell effects also elicited positive reactions. "Next Generation" magazines Samuel Bass called them "awe-inspiring", while it was "positively breathtaking" for Eurogamer's John Bye to see "flaming missiles raining down on the battlefield, tornados lifting [his] men up into the sky, or the ground swelling up beneath [his wizard's] feet". Although such effects were implemented in other games, as Gillen pointed out, it was a vastly different experience to watch them from the first person perspective. Reviewers of FiringSquad and "PC Gamer" were equally overwhelmed by the stunning visual effects. Despite filling the screen with "winged, fully animated demons" and "multiple gigantic twisters spiraling gorgeously into the clouds", "Sacrifice" performed smoothly on the reviewers' machines, impressing the staff of "Edge" magazine.

Aside from the visuals, the game's audio attracted comments. GameSpot's staff enjoyed listening to the story unfold through the recorded voices. They found that the voice actors did not overact their roles despite the extravagant appearances of the characters. Instead, the actors' performance conveyed an extra depth to the personalities of these characters. Haumersen noted a few flaws in the game's vocal presentation: the character models' lip movements did not match their speech, and they had a limited number of gestures to accompany the words. Michael House of Allgame was not altogether impressed, finding the voice acting to be "spotty[,] ... ranging from hilarious to obnoxious."

To several reviewers, "Sacrifice" was flawed in its handling of combat. They found that the game's interface—which presented a viewpoint that looked over the wizard from behind—hindered them from having a clear picture of their characters' surroundings. The game's fast-paced combat ensured that fights tended to be messy affairs, where aside from picking out their units from a chaotic mass to issue commands, players had to see to their wizards' safety, and cast spells to support their army. Reviewers commented that once a player had lost a number of early battles, his or her army could never recover from its losses to win the match. "Sacrifice"s multiplayer games, as GameSpot's Sam Parker observed, tended to be long-drawn stalemates until the wizards obtained more powerful spells. "PC Zone"s Keith Pullin was disappointed that the game was not designed to reward tactics; in his experience, he achieved victory by continually summoning groups of creatures to attack the enemy. Bass agreed that the game was lacking in tactical play, but other aspects impressed him enough to downplay this failing in his assessment.

The intensity and excitement generated by the frenetic gameplay pleased IGN's Dan Adams, but Bye was so frustrated by his experience that he claimed to have suffered a massive increase in blood pressure. The game's heavy demand for micromanagement convinced "Maximum PC" to name "Sacrifice" the "best argument for gamers [to grow] a third hand", an opinion in line with Chick's comment that the interface "[seemed] to have been designed for one of the game's 13-fingered beasts". "Sacrifice"s gameplay had its supporters; the staff at "Edge", impressed with the game's controls and visual perspective, named it one of the "few titles [that took] strategy into the third dimension and convincingly used the extra plane for more than a dazzling 3D makeover".

No sales figures were released for "Sacrifice", but several members of the video game industry acknowledged the game did not sell well. James Bell, Infogrames's Senior Vice President of Creative Development, said that "Sacrifice", although an excellent game, suffered poor sales because it was badly marketed and released at the wrong time. Another reason, offered by Gillen, for "Sacrifice"s commercial failure was the small size of its development team. Based mostly on the efforts of four people, the game was built around their gaming preferences, failing to take into account the opinions of a wider variety; hence, the game became a niche product.

Impressing IGN with its "wonderful land full of character and imagination", "Sacrifice" was the gaming site's choice for the best strategy game of 2000. It was honored in the same year by European Computer Trade Show as the Best PC Game of the Show. Since its release, "Sacrifice" has been one of "PC Gamer"s Top 100 Games for at least eight consecutive years. Looking back at the history of real-time strategy gaming, Geryk pointed out that "Sacrifice"s "depth and originality" was unparalleled in the genre and often overlooked in favor of its graphics. The staff of gaming site UGO shared a similar opinion, naming the game in 2009 as its eighteenth top strategy game of all time.

Although "Sacrifice" was honored as a quality game, industry observers pointed out that its qualities were forgotten by most people; the staff of GamesRadar said the game was "practically invisible to the gaming public", and according to Gillen, few remembered "Sacrifice" as the pioneer of the mouse-gesture control system, which was praised as revolutionary in Peter Molyneux's later game "Black & White". Gillen further lamented that "Sacrifice"s release heralded the end of Shiny's forays into creative game development, as the company switched to producing more mainstream products, such as "Enter the Matrix". Despite receiving numerous calls for a sequel, Shiny said in 2002 that it would not produce one. Seven years later, GamesRadar repeated the call for a sequel while proclaiming "Sacrifice" "one of the most underappreciated games of all time".



</doc>
<doc id="2319521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2319521" title="The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer">
The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer

The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer is a 2005 action-adventure video game which serves as an alternative sequel to the animated film "The Incredibles". It features Mr. Incredible and Frozone fighting The Underminer's legion of robot minions. The game features cameo appearances by the rest of the Incredibles, though they are not playable characters and don't talk in the game as well. John Ratzenberger reprises his role of the Underminer in the video game, while Craig T. Nelson and Samuel L. Jackson are replaced by Richard McGonagle and Isaac C. Singleton Jr. as Mr. Incredible and Frozone, respectively.

The game picks up directly where the movie ended, as The Underminer drills out of the ground and declares his intention to rule the world. The Incredibles prepare to battle him when Frozone arrives. Mr. Incredible orders his family to take care of the Underminer's minions while he and Frozone defeat him. The two reach the Underminer's machine, but he quickly escapes underground. Mr. Incredible and Frozone pursue him. The two discover a computer containing the Underminer's plans and learn that he has created the Magnomizer, intending to reverse the position of the earth's crust and fill the sky with extreme pollution to create an artificial underground.

Mr. Incredible and Frozone make their way to the Sludge Station, where the Magnomizer is located. After defeating the Magnomizer Guardian, they reach the roof of the Magnomizer and destroy it. As the entire Magnomizer building begins to collapse, Mr. Incredible and Frozone quickly escape through a giant drill, and it falls down a deep pit the machine makes when it falls through the ground. The Underminer, aware that Mr. Incredible and Frozone have destroyed the Magnomizer, activates the Crustodian, his most powerful robot. The Underminer begins his backup plan to create 100 giant Gilgenbots to conquer the world with. Mr. Incredible and Frozone fight their way to the Crustodian, destroying three Gilgenbots in the process. The Crustodian decides to cover up its failure by destroying the other 96 Gilgenbots. After defeating the Crustodian, who escapes, Mr. Incredible and Frozone take an elevator down to an underwater plant that originally supplied power to the Magnomizer, and now powers the Corrupterator, a giant machine meant to help the Underminer further his world-dominating goals.

Mr. Incredible and Frozone encounter a friendly robot named Dug who agrees to help them save a group of scientists that are trapped in the Corrupterator. Dug sabotages the Corrupterator and opens an elevator that leads Mr. Incredible and Frozone to the scientists. They rescue the captive scientists and confront the Underminer, but he escapes in the last remaining Gilgenbot. Mr. Incredible and Frozone take an elevator back to the surface on a rainy night, where the Underminer confronts them while piloting a smaller personal battle mech, with help from the Gilgenbot. After a struggle, the heroes finally defeat the Underminer, knocking him into the Gilgenbot and destroying both of them in a massive explosion. No sooner after the Underminer's demise, the rest of the Incredibles arrive to celebrate saving the world once more.

The game received "mixed or average reviews" on all platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, where Sega ported the game onto the GameCube, Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance, and PlayStation 2 on February 9, 2006, "Famitsu" gave it a score of three sevens and one six for the GameCube and PlayStation 2 versions; one seven, one six, and two fives for the DS version; and one six, one five, and two fours for the Game Boy Advance version.



</doc>
<doc id="2319697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2319697" title="Seed (2006 video game)">
Seed (2006 video game)

Seed was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Danish studio Runestone Game Development. Aiming for a radically different experience than most other games in the genre, the game focused on character interaction and politics to the extent that combat was entirely removed from the design.

Beta testing started on February 1, 2006. Open beta testing started on April 25, 2006. The game was released to the public on May 2, 2006.

As of September 28, 2006, Runestone decided to file a bankruptcy petition to the court of Aarhus, Denmark. A public statement explained that the lack of money was caused by failing to achieve a partnership deal with publishers and MMO companies.

Having successfully colonized the Moon and Mars, humanity was looking to spread far across the universe. The creation of ram scoop propulsion made this dream a reality.

Five seed ships were built, each a kilometer long and populated with machinery designed to terraform a suitable planet. Humans would not ride along for the journey; instead, DNA codes, sperm, and eggs were carried along in cryocoolers to be hatched by the TAU computers at the appropriate time.

The TAU computers also carried a wealth of human knowledge. This was the subject of a long and heated debate on what should be included. Finally, it was decided to make the colonies idealist societies; therefore, references to wars and violence were not included.

After searching the universe for several years, the first suitable planet was spotted near the star Beta Hydri 24.4 light years from the Sun. Probes indicated that the planet had an atmosphere, water and living microorganisms. It was to be the destination of the first seed ship.

However, something went wrong and suddenly the colony has found itself on a planet that has not been terraformed, as was the plan, and without contact to Earth.

Players were colonists and instead of doing combat in the traditional sense the game focused on politics and manual labor. Players politically fought for sectors of the station which could then be equipped to provide services to other players. Using tools the player could manufacture new technology as well as repair parts of the station that were slowly degrading. Letting too many failing systems in the station rendered machinery unavailable until players repaired them.




As of 9/28/2006 Runestone, the developer and publisher of Seed the game, officially announced the game's closing (official announcement).



</doc>
<doc id="2321930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2321930" title="Juiced (video game)">
Juiced (video game)

Juiced is a racing video game by British studio Juice Games for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and mobile phones. The game was delayed for release in 2004 because its original publisher, Acclaim, went bankrupt. Juice Games and Fund 4 Games retained ownership of the property and sold the game to THQ, who funded the project for a further six months of improvements. In early 2006, British software publisher Focus Multimedia re-released the PC version of "Juiced" at a new budget price as part of its "Essential" games series. The game offers different modes including "career" and "arcade" that present the player with challenges of increasing difficulty. The player can customize the car to suit their style and unlock new ones in arcade mode. The game features nitrous boosts, similar to that of other racing games. "Juiced" went to number one in the United Kingdom MCV sales charts and its first version sold 2.5 million units.

The game is set in a fictional Californian city called Angel City, based on Los Angeles. Angel City is composed of eight districts, San Ricardo, Campbell Hills, Downtown, Angel North Central, Angel Westside, Southside Beach, East Angel Island and Anderson. The districts are controlled by rival crews in the game, and the player can host events at different districts if they get enough Respect.

There are four different racing types:

There are not only races in which every racer is a rival, but also crew races comprising two racers from one crew ("2 vs 2 vs 2", as well as "2 vs 2"), as well as composed of three members of the same crew ("3 vs 3"). In these races, all of the racers of one same crew must cross the line before any other crew does to win the race.

In the Career mode, if the player achieves a minimum of 600 respect (explained below) with a certain rival crew, they can participate in Pink Slip races (Sprint, Point-to-point or Circuit races in which both racers bet their cars).

The Custom Race mode features an Alone mode as well so the player can race any circuit with no racers, no time limit and no laps count.

"Juiced" was originally intended to be published by Acclaim Entertainment, and released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and PC in late 2004. However, the game was caught up in Acclaim’s Chapter 7 bankruptcy issues and never released by them. Game magazines around the world wrote reviews on nearly finished copies of the game. It was then picked up by THQ as the new publisher and later released in 2005. 
"Juiced" received "mixed or average reviews" on all platforms according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.

Right before the bankruptcy issues by Acclaim, Lisa Mason of "Game Informer" gave the beta version of the game a score of 5.75 out of 10 in its October 2004 issue, stating that it "falls to the lower end of the goodness scale. [...] Depending on what I am doing, I yearn for any of the more-polished (and more playable) racing titles that it tries to emulate. "Juiced"s particular mix of sim and arcade racing is best summed up as a failed experiment." After the THQ acquirement and redevelopment of the game, however, Mason raised the rating to 7 out of 10 in her Second Opinion in the magazine's July 2005 issue, calling it "an exponentially better game than it was when I reviewed it many months ago. Does that mean that it's a super awesome, edge of your seat thrill ride? Not so much, but it does have its charms and is a nicely varied street racer." Matthew Kato of the same publisher agreed, giving the game a better score of 7.5 out of 10 and saying that it "certainly has the makings of an average street racer, with lots of customizables and affected street appeal."

"The Times" gave the game four stars out of five and stated, "The gameplay is varied enough to maintain interest, and its clutch of quirky distractions adds to the experience. After all its development setbacks, it's definitely worth a spin." "The Sydney Morning Herald" gave the PS2 version four-and-a-half stars out of five and said that it was "instantly approachable". However, "Playboy" gave the same version 70%; likewise, "Detroit Free Press" gave the similar version two stars out of four, criticizing the costly upgrades, but praising the musical selection that "features a nice mix of techno, rock and hip-hop." In Japan, "Famitsu" gave the same console version a score of one eight and three sevens for a total of 29 out of 40.

In 2006, "" was released for the PlayStation Portable and mobile phones. "" was released in 2007.



</doc>
<doc id="2322017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2322017" title="Defense of the Ancients">
Defense of the Ancients

Defense of the Ancients (DotA) is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) mod for the video game "" (2002) and its expansion, "The Frozen Throne". The objective of the game is for each team to destroy their opponents' Ancient, a heavily guarded structure at the opposing corner of the map, which is based on the "Aeon of Strife" map for "StarCraft". Players use powerful units known as heroes, and are assisted by allied teammates and AI-controlled fighters. As in role-playing games, players level up their heroes and use gold to buy equipment during the mission.

The scenario was developed with the "World Editor" of "Reign of Chaos", and was updated upon the release of its expansion, "The Frozen Throne". There have been many variations of the original concept, the most popular being "DotA Allstars", eventually simplified to "DotA". The mod has been maintained by several authors during development, with the pseudonymous designer, known as IceFrog, maintaining the game since the mid-2000s.

"DotA" became a feature at several worldwide tournaments, including Blizzard Entertainment's BlizzCon and the Asian World Cyber Games. Critical reception to "DotA" was positive, with it being called one of the most popular mods of any game. "DotA" is largely attributed as being the most significant inspiration for the MOBA genre. American video game developer Valve acquired the intellectual property rights to "DotA" in 2009 to develop a franchise, beginning with the standalone sequel, "Dota 2", released in July 2013.

"Defense of the Ancients" pits two teams of players against each other: the Sentinel and the Scourge. Players on the Sentinel team are based at the southwest corner of the map, and those on the Scourge team are based at the northeast corner. Each base is defended by towers and waves of units which guard the main paths leading to their base. In the center of each base is the "Ancient", a building that must be destroyed to win the game.

Each human player controls one hero, a powerful unit with unique abilities. In "DotA", players on each side choose one of 112 heroes, each with different abilities and tactical advantages over other heroes. The scenario is highly team-oriented; it is difficult for one player to carry the team to victory alone. "DotA" allows up to ten players in a five-versus-five format.

Because the gameplay revolves around strengthening individual heroes, it does not require focus on resource management and base-building, unlike most traditional real-time strategy games. Killing computer-controlled or neutral units earns the player experience points; the player gains a level when enough experience is accumulated. Leveling up improves the hero's toughness and the damage they inflict, and allows players to upgrade spells or skills. In addition to accumulating experience, players also manage a single resource of gold. The typical resource-gathering of "Warcraft III" is replaced by a combat-oriented money system; in addition to a small periodic income, heroes earn gold by killing or destroying hostile units, base structures, and enemy heroes. This has caused emphasis on a technique called "last-hitting," which is when the player attacks a hostile unit when "its hit points are low enough to kill it with one blow". Using gold, players buy items to strengthen their hero and gain abilities; certain items can be combined with recipes to create more powerful items. Buying items that suit one's hero is an important tactical element of the mod.

"DotA" offers a variety of game modes, selected by the game host at the beginning of the match. The game modes dictate the difficulty of the scenario, as well as whether players can choose their hero or are assigned one randomly. Many game modes can be combined, allowing more flexible options.

"" is the third title in the "Warcraft" series of real-time strategy games developed by Blizzard Entertainment. As with "", Blizzard included a free "world editor" in the game that allows players to create custom scenarios or "maps" for the game, which can be played online with other players through Battle.net. These custom scenarios can be simple terrain changes, which play like normal "Warcraft" games, or they can be entirely new game scenarios with custom objectives, units, items, and events, like "Defense of the Ancients".

The first version of "Defense of the Ancients" was released in 2003 by Kyle Sommer who goes by the alias Eul. The map was based on a previous "StarCraft" scenario known as "Aeon of Strife". After the release of "Warcraft"s expansion "The Frozen Throne", which added new features to the World Editor, Eul did not update the scenario. Other mapmakers produced spinoffs that added new heroes, items, and features. Among the "DotA" variants created in the wake of Eul's map, there was "DotA Allstars", originally created and developed by custom map makers Meian and Ragn0r, who took the most popular heroes and compiled them into one map. In March 2004, map maker Guinsoo (real name Steve Feak) took control of development. Feak said when he began developing "DotA Allstars", he had no idea how popular the game would eventually become; the emerging success of the gametype inspired him to design a new title around what he considered an emerging game genre. Feak added a recipe system for items so that player's equipment would scale as they grew more powerful, as well as a powerful boss character called Roshan (named after his bowling ball) who required an entire team to defeat.

Feak used a battle.net chat channel as a place for "DotA" players to congregate, but "DotA Allstars" had no official site for discussions and hosting. Subsequently, the leaders of the "DotA Allstars" clan, TDA, proposed that a dedicated web site be created to replace the various online alternatives that were infrequently updated or improperly maintained. TDA member Steve "Pendragon" Mescon created an official community site, dota-allstars.com.

Towards the end of his association with the map in 2005, Feak handed over control to another developer. The new author, IceFrog, added new features, heroes, and fixes. IceFrog was at one time highly reclusive, refusing to give interviews; the only evidence of his authorship was the map maker's email account on the official website and the name branded on the game's loading screen. IceFrog later interacted with players through a personal blog where he answered common questions players have about him and about the game.

"Defense of the Ancients" is maintained via official forums. Users can post ideas for new heroes or items, some of which are added to the map. Players have contributed icons and hero descriptions and created the artwork displayed while the map loads, and suggestions for changes to existing heroes or items are taken seriously; IceFrog once changed a new hero less than two weeks after the new version of the map was released. Versions of the scenario where enemy heroes are controlled by artificial intelligences have also been released. Mescon continued to maintain dota-allstars.com, which by the end of IceFrog's affiliation in May 2009 had over 1,500,000 registered users and had received over one million unique visitors every month. Due to their separation, IceFrog announced that he would be further developing a new official site, playdota.com, while continuing game development; Mescon closed dota-allstars on July 22, 2010, citing dropping statistics and his new passion for "League of Legends" as the reason for its end.

Because "Warcraft III" custom games have none of the features designed to improve game quality (matchmaking players based on connection speed, etc.), various programs are used to maintain "Defense of the Ancients". External tools ping player's locations, and games can be named to exclude geographic regions. Clans and committees such as TDA maintain their own official list of rules and regulations, and players can be kicked from matches by being placed on "banlists". While increasingly popular, "DotA Allstars" remained limited as a custom map in "Warcraft III", relying on manual matchmaking, updates, and containing no tutorials.

The popularity of "Defense of the Ancients" increased over time. The scenario was featured by "Computer Gaming World" in a review of new maps and mods in "Warcraft III". "DotA Allstars" became an important tournament scenario, starting with its prominence at the debut of Blizzard's BlizzCon convention in 2005. "DotA Allstars" was also featured in the Malaysia and Singapore World Cyber Games starting in 2005, and the World Cyber Games Asian Championships beginning with the 2006 season. "Defense of the Ancients" was included in the game lineup for the internationally recognized Cyberathlete Amateur League and CyberEvolution leagues. Additionally, the scenario appeared in Electronic Sports World Cup (ESWC) 2008; Oliver Paradis, ESWC's competition manager, noted that the high level of community support behind the scenario, as well as its worldwide appeal, were among the reasons it was chosen.

The scenario is popular in many parts of the world; in the Philippines and Thailand, it is played as much as the game "Counter-Strike". It is also popular in Sweden and other Northern European countries, where the "Defense of the Ancients"-inspired song "Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA" by Swedish musician Basshunter cracked the top ten Singles Charts in Sweden, Norway, and Finland. LAN tournaments were a major part of worldwide play, including tournaments in Sweden and Russia; however, due to a lack of LAN tournaments and championships in North America, several teams disbanded. Blizzard pointed to DotA as an example of what dedicated mapmakers can create using developer's tools.

Michael Walbridge, writing for Gamasutra in 2008, stated that "DotA" "is likely the most popular and most-discussed free, non-supported game mod in the world". In pointing to the strong community built around the game, Walbridge stated that "DotA" showed it is much easier for a community game to be maintained by the community, and this is one of the maps' greatest strengths. Former game journalist Luke Smith called "DotA" "the ultimate RTS".

"Defense of the Ancients" helped spur the development of the multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) genre. It was one of the influences for the 2009 Gas Powered Games title "Demigod", with the video game publication GameSpy noting the game's premise revolved around aspiring gods "[playing] "DotA" in real life". Guinsoo went on to apply many of the mechanics and lessons he learned from "Defense of the Ancients" to the Riot Games title "League of Legends". Other ""DotA" clones" include S2 Games' "Heroes of Newerth". Blizzard Entertainment also developed a game inspired by "DotA" titled "Heroes of the Storm", which features an array of heroes from Blizzard's franchises, including numerous original heroes from "Warcraft III." The MOBA design "DotA" popularized also made its way into games that deviated from the mod's top-down perspective, such as third-person shooters and platformers.

In October 2009, IceFrog was hired by Valve to lead a team to develop the stand-alone sequel, "Dota 2". The game follows heavily in the gameplay style of "DotA", with aesthetics and heroes working mostly as direct ports to the original mod. In addition to the pre-conceived gameplay constants, "Dota 2" also features Steam support and profile tracking, intended to emphasize and support the game's matchmaking and community. The marketing and trademark of "Dota" as a franchise by Valve faced opposition from the "DotA Allstars" contributors working at Riot Games, as well as Blizzard Entertainment, both of which legally challenged the franchising of "Dota" by Valve. The legal dispute was conceded in May 2012, with Valve gaining franchising rights for commercial use to the trademark, while non-commercial use remains open to the public. "Dota 2" was officially released in July 2013.



</doc>
<doc id="2322240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2322240" title="Tomb Raider III">
Tomb Raider III

Tomb Raider III: Adventures of Lara Croft is an action-adventure video game developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. It was released for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows platforms in 1998. "Tomb Raider III" is the third title in the "Tomb Raider" video game series and a sequel to "Tomb Raider II". The story of the game follows archaeologist-adventurer Lara Croft as she embarks upon a quest to recover four pieces of a meteorite that are scattered across the world. To progress through the game, the player must explore five locations (India, South Pacific, London, Nevada, and Antarctica) and complete a series of levels that involve solving puzzles, traverse dangerous locations, and defeating enemies.

"Tomb Raider III" is built on an upgraded version of the "Tomb Raider" engine used by its predecessors. The engine offers better speed efficiency and new graphical features such as coloured lighting and triangular polygons, allowing developers to achieve greater detail and more complex geometry. The game was designed to be more in line with the puzzle-solving gameplay of the original "Tomb Raider" as opposed to the more shooting-oriented style of "Tomb Raider II".

"Tomb Raider III" was accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign and was a commercial success, selling around six million copies worldwide. Although the game received generally favourable reviews, it did not fare as well as its two predecessors, with critics generally agreeing that the game failed to change the same tried and tested formula. Reviewers also noted the game's difficult and unforgiving gameplay. Eidos released an expansion pack, "Tomb Raider III: The Lost Artefact", in 2000. The expansion includes six levels set in several European locations. "Tomb Raider III" was ported to Mac OS computers in 1999 and was released as a "PSOne Classic" on the PlayStation Network in 2011.

"Tomb Raider III" is a single-player action-adventure game where the player controls the protagonist, Lara Croft, from a third-person perspective through five locations: India, South Pacific, London, Nevada, and Antarctica. Once the player completes the first location (India), the following three (South Pacific, London, and Nevada) can be played in any order before the final location (Antarctica) closes the game. Each location features a series of enclosed levels that involve solving puzzles, jumping over obstacles, and defeating enemies. Most puzzles involve rearranging items, manipulating switches, or pushing objects. As Lara, the player can run, jump, climb, crawl, "monkey swing" across certain overhead frames, and swim and dive underwater for a limited period of time. Lara can also sprint to gain a temporary burst of greater speed while running, which is useful for escaping errant boulders and other immediate disasters.

To defeat enemies, the player can use a variety of weapons, including dual pistols, dual Uzis, a Desert Eagle, a shotgun, an MP5 submachine gun, a grenade launcher, a rocket launcher, and a harpoon gun for underwater use. The dual pistols have infinite ammunition and are Lara's default weapons, while the other weapons have finite ammunition and must be found in the levels. At one point in the game, Lara will be stripped of all her weapons, leaving the player defenceless and forced to use stealth, before recovering her pistols later. Lara has a certain amount of health that decreases if she falls from a great height or when she is attacked by enemies. If Lara's health is fully depleted, the player must start the game again from a previous save point. Saving the player's progress on the PlayStation version of the game requires a memory card and consumes a Save Crystal from Lara's inventory. These can be found throughout each level and do not require the player to save the game at the pick-up spot.

A significant portion of the game takes place underwater. Some pools are inhabited by piranhas that can kill Lara within seconds, while others have streams with currents that can pull her in a fixed direction, preventing the player from being able to swim back or grab onto a ledge. Furthermore, the water in the Antarctica levels is too cold for Lara to swim through for more than a few seconds. The player can also wade through quicksand, but at the risk of drowning Lara. Some levels require the player to use vehicles. For example, the kayak helps Lara fight her way down rapids in the Madubu Gorge level, while an underwater propeller unit allows her to explore deep water areas in the Lud's Gate level. Other vehicles include a quad bike, a boat, and minecarts. Flares may be used to explore darkened areas. Ammunition, flares, and health recovery items are dispersed among the levels to help players increase their resources. The game also features a tutorial level where the player can practice Lara's moves and combat abilities.

A corporation called RX Tech excavates the crash site of a meteorite that impacted on Antarctica millions of years ago and finds strange Rapa Nui-like statues alongside the grave of one of HMS "Beagle"'s sailors. Meanwhile, archaeologist-adventurer Lara Croft is searching for an artefact known as the Infada Stone in the ruins of an ancient Indian Hindu temple once inhabited by the Infada tribe. After taking the artefact from a researcher working for RX Tech, Lara is approached by RX Tech scientist Dr. Willard, who explains that Polynesians came across a meteorite crater in Antarctica thousands of years ago and found that it held incredible power. Using rock from the meteorite, they crafted four crystalline artefacts, one of which is the Infada Stone. They fled Antarctica for unknown reasons, but in the 19th century, a group of sailors travelling with Charles Darwin came to Antarctica and rediscovered the artefacts. The four artefacts were distributed across the globe. Dr. Willard has been able to track the artefacts by using the diary of one of the sailors. Lara agrees to help him find the other three.

Travelling to a South Pacific island, Lara encounters a wounded soldier who gives her hints about the existence of a powerful deity. While pursuing the deity, Lara learns that one of Darwin's sailors brought one of the artefacts to the island. She infiltrates a temple and defeats the deity, who has immense power granted by the second artefact, the Ora Dagger. In London, Lara searches for the third artefact, the Eye of Isis, now in the possession of Sophia Leigh, the head of a cosmetics corporation. Lara learns that the corporation has performed experiments on humans in order to achieve immortality and eternal youth for Sophia's personal gain. Lara confronts Sophia in her office and ultimately obtains the artefact. In Nevada, Lara makes her way through a desert canyon and tries to enter Area 51, where the fourth artefact, Element 115, is located in an alien spacecraft guarded by the US government. She is taken prisoner after her attempted break-in fails. Freeing herself, she escapes the security compound and stows away in a truck to Area 51, where she obtains the artefact.

After collecting all four artefacts, Lara travels to Antarctica and discovers that Dr. Willard had been using the knowledge gained from the meteorite to perform experiments on his own men, turning them into horrible mutations. Angered by this revelation, she confronts Dr. Willard, who reveals that he is planning to encourage the mutations, only on a global scale, using the combined power of the artefacts and the meteorite from which they were carved. As Lara voices her opposition to his operation, Willard betrays her, steals the artefacts, and disappears into the excavation site. After fighting more mutants and navigating the treacherous ruins of the ancient city built atop the meteorite crater, Lara faces Willard, who has now used the power of the four artefacts to greatly speed up the evolutionary processes of the human body and thereby turned himself into a spider-like creature. Lara deactivates the meteorite by recovering the artefacts, kills the mutated Willard, and escapes by helicopter.

"Tomb Raider III" was developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive as a sequel to the 1997 title "Tomb Raider II". Originally, Core Design envisioned "Tomb Raider III" as a "next generation" "Tomb Raider" game built on an entirely new game engine with a new animation system. As artist Stuart Atkinson explained, the "Tomb Raider" team wanted at least two years to develop the game in order to genuinely advance the series, but the producers said that, as with "Tomb Raider II", development would be completed in under a year because there was a strong consumer demand for it. For the original team, who had been living with the series' demanding development schedules for two consecutive years, "it was just too much", Atkinson said. As a result, a new team was brought together from other Core Design projects to build a "Tomb Raider" game for 1998, giving the original team more time to develop their next-generation project.

Actual development on "Tomb Raider III" began in December 1997. At the time, lead programmer Martin Gibbins, who previously worked on the 1996 title "Blam! Machinehead", was tweaking the old "Tomb Raider" engine to build a new game with a stronger emphasis on action and shooting. The new team considered Gibbins' additional work to the engine valuable and decided to use it as a basis for the 1998 "Tomb Raider" game, which was originally intended to be a spin-off called "The Further Adventures of Lara Croft". However, as development progressed and more ideas were introduced, the company considered the number of changes enough to justify a complete sequel. The PlayStation served as the lead platform for the game, while the Microsoft Windows release is simply a conversion with slightly improved visuals. As a result, everything was built around the capabilities of the PlayStation hardware, with 16-bit palettes and high-resolution graphics, as opposed to the 8-bit palettes and "pseudo medium" resolution of the earlier titles, Core Design CEO Jeremy Smith explained.

The upgraded engine offered better speed efficiency and new graphical features. While both the original "Tomb Raider" and "Tomb Raider II" used a grid system where developers could build the levels with a set of blocks, "Tomb Raider III"s system incorporated triangular polygons, allowing developers to achieve greater detail and more complex architectural structures. The triangles also allowed developers to implement the game's quicksand and rippling water features. The dynamic lighting system was improved with coloured lighting and better water reflection, making "Tomb Raider III" more atmospheric than its predecessors. The team also implemented new weather effects such as rain, snow, and wind. The game features more particle effects, offering more realistic explosions and smoke. All the textures used in the game were drawn in true colour before being rendered by the graphics engine, resulting in a better output quality.

"Tomb Raider III" was designed more in line with the puzzle-solving gameplay of the original "Tomb Raider" as opposed to the more shooting-oriented style of "Tomb Raider II". The levels were designed to be less linear than before with the goal of giving players multiple routes to complete each one. The game's five locations were decided upon before the plot was conceived. According to producer Mike Schmitt, the team opted to "just take a globe, spin it, and see where it lands, and whether it's an interesting location or not." Once the setting had been decided upon, a storyline linking all the locations was written. Lara's range of abilities was expanded with moves such as the duck, crawl, dash, and "monkey swing". The 1995 film "Desperado" was an influence on Lara's gun play and new moves. Developers initially considered the possibility of implementing hand-to-hand combat, but the idea was rejected because it would have required giving enemies new combat animations.

A specialist was hired to enhance the game's artificial intelligence and give enemies more lifelike behaviour. In previous "Tomb Raider" games, enemies would simply run at Lara and attack immediately, whereas in "Tomb Raider III", enemies can pop out of the dark and attack the player, or retreat back into the level and regroup to attack later. A stealth element partially inspired by Rare's 1997 hit "GoldenEye 007" was also introduced, giving players the option of sneaking around and avoid detection. New vehicles that are critical to complete certain levels were added; the team also experimented with the idea of putting Lara on horseback, but they ultimately discarded it. The development of the game took eleven months to complete, and incorporating all the new ideas into the engine was considered the most difficult task of the project.

The release of "Tomb Raider III" was accompanied by an extensive marketing campaign. To promote the game, English model Nell McAndrew was hired to appear as Lara Croft on a press tour across Italy, Spain, Germany, the US, and Australia. McAndrew made appearances on various multimedia outlets, including TV shows, radio stations, and department stores, while Lara Croft appeared on the front cover of most UK games magazines. Other highlights included French TV advertisements for the SEAT car manufacturer and a music video for the German band Die Ärzte. British sports lifestyle brand Animal designed and merchandised a range of Lara Croft clothes and accessories, while Core Design launched its own clothing articles. In May 1998, a demonstration of the game was presented at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in Atlanta, Georgia. The show included a virtual appearance of Lara, which allowed the audience to ask her questions. According to Core Design's PR manager Susie Hamilton, a total of £1.7 million was spent on the marketing campaign.

"Tomb Raider III" was released for the Microsoft Windows and PlayStation platforms on 20 November 1998. Upon release, some minor bugs in the game were detected, the most significant of which prevented players from completing the Temple Ruins level if they saved the game in a specific area and then went back to that area. Although the bugs in the Microsoft Windows version were addressed with the release of a patch, they remained in the original PlayStation discs. To prevent further issues, Core Design quickly burned new gold discs with an updated version of the game. The game was ported to Mac OS computers in 1999. An expansion pack, "Tomb Raider III: The Lost Artefact", was released for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS computers in March 2000. The expansion includes six levels set in several European locations, where Lara must learn of the existence of a fifth meteorite piece called the Hand of Rathmore. In 2011, the game was released as a "PSOne Classic" on the PlayStation Network.

Although "Tomb Raider III" received generally favourable reviews from critics, it did not fare as well as its two predecessors. "Edge" considered "Tomb Raider III" "a valid addition to the growing franchise", stating that it offers more attractive graphics and more innovation than "Tomb Raider II", while "Next Generation" called it the biggest and most rewarding game of the series. "CVG" described it as "a perfect mix of the exploration and puzzles of the original, and the more-to-shoot nature of the sequel." Other critics, however, felt that the game failed to change the same tried and tested formula. In its review, IGN said that "Tomb Raider III" "solves none of its original dilemmas, and as it stands now, the exploration-adventure genre—one that was revolutionized by "Tomb Raider"—is in the exact spot it was two years ago."

Writing for GameSpot, reviewer Joe Fielder highlighted the graphics for their new lighting effects and varied textures, saying that they improve the gameplay experience because they make it easier for players to identify ledges and jump-off points. Douglass Perry of IGN remarked that the upgraded engine made the game look better than its predecessors, but overall considered "Tomb Raider III" to be outdated, especially when compared to newer engines that were released at the time. "Edge" felt that the old controls did not suit the more complex environments and criticised the game's lack of narrative and cinematic presentation.

The game's difficult and unforgiving gameplay frustrated critics. Game Revolution explained that, while in previous "Tomb Raider" games "instant death came about if you were trying to rush through an area and you did something stupid", every step in "Tomb Raider III" "is a potential threat of instant death, no matter how careful you're trying to be." The publication went so far as to call "Tomb Raider III" "a marketing concept", stating that the game is so difficult that it is impossible to beat without buying a strategy guide. Similarly, "Electronic Gaming Monthly" criticised the game for being rushed and highly frustrating, noting that it has "too many instances of cheap deaths." The magazine also remarked that the stealth elements in the Nevada levels were ineffective, especially when compared to Konami's "Metal Gear Solid".

The game's new vehicles, improved artificial intelligence of enemies, and nonlinear gameplay were generally highlighted positively. "The Electric Playground" said that progressing through the different locations in a nonlinear fashion makes Lara's adventuring more diverse and rewarding. "CVG"s Alez Huhtala praised the fact that players must collect Save Crystals to save their progress in the PlayStation version of the game, as he felt that "Tomb Raider II"s option to save the game at any time made the game very easy and removed tension. In contrast, Joe Rybicki of "Official U.S. PlayStation Magazine" felt that the save system was "a poorly thought-out return to one of the most irritating aspects of the original game", making "Tomb Raider III" "much more frustrating than it should be". Nevertheless, he concluded that players can still "find Lara a rewarding and addictive—if sometimes frustrating—companion."

Upon release, "Tomb Raider III" topped the UK games charts and was the German market's second-best-selling computer game of 1998, behind "Anno 1602". At the 1999 Milia festival in Cannes, it took home a "Platinum" prize for revenues above €68 million in the European Union during the previous year. This made it the highest-grossing game in Europe for 1998. As of 2009, "Tomb Raider III" had sold around six million copies worldwide.


</doc>
<doc id="2323086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2323086" title="Serious Sam 2">
Serious Sam 2

Serious Sam 2 is a first-person shooter video game released for Microsoft Windows and Xbox and the sequel to the 2002 video game "". It was developed by Croteam and was released on 11 October 2005. The game was initially published by 2K Games, a Take-Two Interactive subsidiary. The game was later made available on Steam on 31 January 2012. While the game was originally released only for Microsoft Windows and Xbox, an unofficial Linux version of the game was created and is being handled by Linux Installers for Linux Gamers.

In the single-player campaign, the player assumes the role of hero Sam "Serious" Stone in his adventures against the forces of the extraterrestrial overlord, "Mental", who seeks to destroy humanity. Taking place after the events of "", Sam travels through various worlds collecting parts of a medallion in an effort to defeat Mental. He is guided by the Sirian Great Council and receives sporadic aid from the natives of the worlds he visits. The multiplayer mode includes online co-op and deathmatch, the latter having been introduced in a patch. A 4.5/5.0 was awarded to "Serious Sam " by Computer Gaming World, though overall the game received moderate praise from the media, earning an average of 75% on GameRankings.

Croteam simultaneously developed Serious Engine 2, the successor to their previous game engine, Serious Engine, for use in the game, and the engine is capable of many features of other advanced game engines of the time including high dynamic range rendering and light bloom. The engine supports integration with both Xfire and GameSpy Arcade for multiplayer match finding. "Serious Sam 2" is the only game so far to use the proprietary engine, though the Serious Engine 2 is available for licensing.

"Serious Sam 2"'s gameplay consists almost entirely of the player attempting to defeat dozens of enemies at a time, and thus is relatively simple. The game's story establishes the reasons and methods for how the player travels from chapter to chapter. This is a significant change from the previous games in the series in which the story existed merely to transport the player from place to place in order to kill as many enemies as possible in the process, with the plot consisting merely of messages that the player could disregard without consequence. "Serious Sam 2" features the story more prominently, but still maintains the focus on killing as many enemies as possible. The story is developed through the use of cut scenes, which are interspersed throughout the game, especially at the beginning and end of each Planet.

The player begins with a certain number of lives that represent the number of times the player is allowed to lose all of his health (and then re-spawn immediately from the player's last saved checkpoint). More complicated gameplay mechanics that are often found in other games (such as jumping puzzles) are rare, and when encountered they are fairly simple, usually requiring the player to locate keys/objects in order to unlock doors or advance to the next level. Player-controlled vehicles (such as hover bikes and saucers) were introduced to the series in "Serious Sam 2". Vehicles feature turrets such as rocket launchers, machine guns, and laser turrets.

The simplistic gameplay of Serious Sam 2 is similar to that of previous games in the series, but Serious Sam 2's lives system is a radical departure from the original games in the series (which would allow you to resume from checkpoints or saved games an infinite number of times). Although "Serious Sam for Xbox" was the first game in the series to feature a "lives system", Serious Sam 2 was the first PC game in the series to implement this system.

Blood and gore effects have been improved relative to the previous games, and all enemies other than bosses can be gibbed. Living foes can disintegrate into blood and bloody bits, undead entities, excluding Kleer Skeletons, can be reduced to decaying bits and slime, while magical creatures' destruction is marked with sparkle effects and purple gases. Power-ups are scattered throughout the game and can be obtained by destroying certain objects. The player is able to pick up certain objects and manipulate them in a manner similar to the effects of the Gravity Gun from "Half-Life 2", though without the necessity of an external device.

While the game features various enemies seen in first person shooters, such as soldiers with chainguns, blasters and rocket launchers, there are also many other oddball enemies, like witches, clockwork toy rhinos, zombie stockbrokers with shotguns and suicidal exploding clowns. Different chapters feature native "chapter specific" enemies; for example the Kleer World features Flying Kleers and the Oriental setting of Chi Fang features Martial Arts Zombies. The players will also meet non-player characters (NPCs) throughout the game. There are five different groups of NPCs in the game: "The Sirians", the "Simbas", "Zixies", "Chi Che", and "Elvians", each native to their respective planet. The different groups of NPCs help the player throughout the different settings of the game, with each group of NPC corresponding to a different setting in the game.

A prominent feature in the previous "Serious Sam" games was cooperative gameplay, in which multiple players could play the single-player campaign together. "Serious Sam 2" focused on this game mode even more than its predecessors, as it was the only multiplayer mode to be included when the game was released, although deathmatch was later added in a patch. The PC version allows up to sixteen people to play together, while the Xbox version allows four players, either via Xbox systemlink or Xbox Live. Unlike the previous games, "Serious Sam 2" does not support split-screen gameplay on the PC nor the Xbox.

Weapons in "Serious Sam 2" were largely remodeled versions of the weapons found in the previous games in the "Serious Sam" series. Most of the weapons from the previous games returned, such as the rocket launcher, grenade launcher, 12-gauge double-barrel sawed-off shotgun and a sniper rifle. The minigun, a staple of the series, also makes a return, and is a weapon of particular significance as it was featured prominently on the cover of the box for many of the previous "Serious Sam" games. The Serious Bomb also made a return, maintaining its status as the most powerful weapon in the game by being able to eliminate every enemy on the screen. The Serious Bomb is described as a "miniature big bang" and as "Instant Death With a Smile," and the player is only able to carry a maximum of three due to their size. Protecting the player from the immense power of the Serious Bomb is a "Life-Preserving-Quantum-Field(TM)."

"Serious Sam 2" introduced new weapons to the series, including "Clawdovic Cacadoos Vulgaris," (the name is pronounced in Croatian as "Klodovik", which is a reference to a parrot Klodovik in the comic series "Alan Ford" ) a parrot clutching a bomb in its talons that can fly to an enemy to eliminate it, and throwable hand grenades. In addition to dual revolvers, the game also includes an additional sidearm of a brand-new design. The "Hydro-Plasmatic Handgun" can fire small units of energy at a "decent rate of fire," and it can also be fired in a mode that allows the projectile to direct itself towards an enemy. Also introduced to the game are twin automatic Uzis replacing the tommygun from the earlier games of the series.

The game's story picks up shortly after the end of "Serious Sam: The Second Encounter", with the hero of the series, Sam "Serious" Stone, continuing his goal to defeat his nemesis, Mental. The game begins with Serious Sam being summoned before the Sirian Great Council, where the Council provides him with guidance on how to accomplish his goal to defeat Mental. The Council reveals to Sam that he must collect all five pieces of an ancient Sirian medallion, each held by various groups on five different planets, and states that once Sam has the entire medallion, Mental will be vulnerable. All the planets (except Kleer) are populated by friendly, bobble-headed humanoids, but the problem is that all the planets are under Mental's control. The Council then instructs Sam to visit all five planets in order to recreate the medallion, only then will Sam become "The One". Confused at the moment and with nothing better to do, Sam accepts the mission. With the medallion finally complete, Sam is now ready to begin the final assault against the greatest enemy of humanity...Mental, who is located on Sirius, once the planet of the great Sirians that visited Earth many times, now the domain of Mental himself. But in order to gain access to Sirius, Sam is asked to storm Kronor, a moon orbiting Sirius that has a massive cannon which could be used to remove Sirius' protection shield, which was a last line of defense for the Sirians against Mental. And so, Sam's mission continues. In the endgame, Sam enters Mental Institution after disabling it and into Mental's throne room. Sam finally encounters Mental in person while the lights are off. Mental tries to reveal to Sam that he is his father, but Sam interrupts by shooting him, thus silencing Mental forever. After that, the Sirian Great Council, even the inhabitants from the planets, celebrate their long-awaited victory against Mental. When the lights come back on however, it is revealed that Mental wasn't there at all and it was instead just a speaker attached to Mental's throne, implying that he actually tricked Sam in order to escape in his starship into deep space (in the Xbox version, the game doesn't show this scene). The credits roll after that, where a dialog of three unknown people is played discussing how this ending might just be another one of Croteam's bad jokes and how big Mental's boss fight could be.

After the credits, a silent-motion scene shows Sam returning to the Sirian Great Council with the medallion in hand. As they take the medallion however, Sam soon discovers that the Council had cardboard boxes full of those medallions. Sam then becomes enraged and chases the Council around their room.

Development of "Serious Sam 2" began in mid-2003 with the decision to create the game on a new engine. Croteam planned to release the game in the second quarter of 2004, but this was later pushed to the second half of 2004 and finally to fall 2005. For a period of time, Croteam posted weekly updates, but these became bi-monthly, then monthly, and then stopped completely after August 2004, as Gathering of Developers shut down and folded into 2K Games, Croteam's publisher, wanted to handle the release of information from that point forward. In April 2005, the game was officially announced by 2K Games, at which point the release date was set as Fall 2005.

Shortly following the game's official announcement, "Serious Sam 2" was featured as the cover story for the June 2005 issue of Computer Games Magazine, and was later showcased at E3 in May 2005. Shown at the E3 Expo was the official trailer for the game, and an early build of the game was playable on the show floor. A result of the E3 presentation was a 30-minute video preview of the game featuring gameplay footage while a question and answer session took place between fansite Seriously! owner and director Jason Rodzik and Fernando Melo, the game's producer. In the time following the game's official announcement, 2K Games released a steady trickle of screenshots showcasing the vibrant colors and wide-open spaces that characterized the previous games and helping to build up hype as the game neared release. A demo of the PC version was released on 21 September 2005, and a second demo was released on 17 October 2005.

On 11 October 2005, "Serious Sam 2" was released for PC and Xbox, and a patch for the game was released the day before, bringing it up to version 2.064b. Croteam stated that a substantial list of features were cut due to time constraints.

Serious Engine 2, the game engine for "Serious Sam 2" was developed alongside the development of the game itself, and was a brand new revision of Croteam's prior Serious Engine that was used for their previous games, such as "". The more advanced features of the engine include detailed refraction effects, high-resolution textures, high-dynamic range lighting, and light bloom effects.

On 16 December 2005, two months after the game's release, Croteam released a patch to bring the game up to version 2.066. The most significant change to the game with the patch was the addition of a dedicated server for the game, although the patch included various bug fixes. On 6 March 2006, Croteam released their second patch, adding deathmatch support to the game. The most recent patch for the game was version 2.070 which was released on 24 April 2006. The patch fixed minor bugs and included Serious Editor 2, the content editor for Serious Engine 2, the game engine used in "Serious Sam 2".

Croteam developed their own level editor, Serious Editor 2, and used it for the development of "Serious Sam 2". The editor has significantly more features than the original Serious Editor that was used for the previous Serious Sam games. Serious Editor 2 allows geometry to be imported and exported to and from third-party 3D programs, such as 3D Studio Max, via an intermediate file format, thus allowing for plugins to be easily created for any 3D modeling program. Two methods of creating particle systems exist in the editor, and they can be created either as procedural particle systems or emitter systems. The editor also features its own interpreted language, similar to C++, which allows for relatively simple mod programming, and a script editor and debugger, enabling the level designer to control gameplay events more directly.

In addition to the standard level editor, there is also a mechanism editor for physics and collision setup, an animation editor for modifying camera paths and animation of objects, a skeleton editor for configuring the skeletal structures of characters, a destruction editor, mesh editor, model editor, and font editor.

One of the most significant and more distinctive features of Serious Editor 2's level editor is that it allows for real-time editing. The level design process for most games often requires the level to be modified in the editor, compiled, saved, and then loaded separately in the game where it can be tested. However, Serious Editor 2 allows for levels to be played and tested within the editor without requiring compilation. While playing the level within the editor, the level designer can directly switch to editing mode, make the desired modifications, and then continue playing, greatly simplifying the final stages of level editing.

Unlike its predecessors, "" and "", the first of which was awarded GameSpot's PC Game of the Year in 2001, "Serious Sam 2" received less praising reviews. The game's average review is a 75% according to GameRankings. Its highest mark by mainstream media was a 4.5/5.0 from Computer Gaming World, though most reviews were in the 70% or 80% range. Other notable reviews include "GamePro" rating it 4/5 and GameSpy giving it a 3.5/5 (Good). IGN awarded "Serious Sam 2" an 8.2/10, summing up the sentiments of many of other publications' reviews:

One of the main criticisms of the game was that it was a lot less "serious" and a lot more "cartoony" than "The First Encounter" and "The Second Encounter". An over-emphasis on reflective surfaces and oddly out of place pixel shading were perceived as being more about showing off the capabilities of the engine than about defining the atmosphere of the game. Lighter colors and a more upbeat soundtrack made the game feel less grounded in reality, contrary to the realistic Egyptian tombs and Mayan pyramids of the earlier games, and players complained that while the weapons of the previous games seemed to be massive and powerful, those in "Serious Sam 2" were less so.


</doc>
<doc id="2325810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2325810" title="Anno 1602">
Anno 1602

Anno 1602: Creation of a New World, entitled 1602 A.D. in North America, is a 1998 construction and management video game developed by Max Design and published by Sunflowers Interactive. Set in the early modern period, it requires the player to build colonies on small islands and manage resources, exploration, diplomacy and trade. The game design is noteworthy for its attempt to implement a 'progressive' artificial intelligence, meaning that the pace of the game changes in response to how quickly players act.

"Anno 1602" was a commercial blockbuster that attracted buyers outside the usual demographic of German computer games, including a significant percentage of female customers. It was the German market's best-selling computer game of 1998, and remained the region's highest seller of all time by 2003, with over 1.7 million units sold in German-speaking countries. The game was less successful in international markets, but ultimately sold above 2.7 million copies worldwide by 2004. "Anno 1602" began the "Anno" series, which led to the sequels "Anno 1503", "Anno 1701", "Anno 1404", "Anno 2070", "Anno 2205" and "Anno 1800".

"Anno 1602" aims to be a mix of simulation and strategy gaming, giving players the chance to create a realistic and lively world, modeling it to their liking. The ultimate goal of the game is to discover chains of islands, settle them, develop on them, and then trade with other players. Players can also trade with their own colonies, and various neutral CPU controlled players such as native tribesmen. Even though the game focuses heavily on an economic standpoint, on various occasions the player will be forced (or will bring it upon others) to defend their islands against possible enemies.

"Anno 1602" is a colony building and trading simulation. The player controls an unnamed European nation in 1602 AD that is looking to expand their power into the New World. As the game starts, the player will need to find a nearby island, colonize it, and start building up an economy. The US release contains all 6 scenarios (in addition to the tutorial and training game) that were included in the original European release, as well as 9 new scenarios, along with a "free play role".

In "Anno 1602", the player can choose to play out one of the game's many scenarios or engage in a free form game. The game also features online and network play with up to 4 other players simultaneously. Because the network play is less sophisticated than that of modern games, lags and disconnections often occur. Despite this, "Anno 1602" is still occasionally played by small groups of LAN PC gamers, or by players over the internet. The game is also playable via null modem connection.

"Anno 1602" is designed to be as nationalistically neutral as possible. After entering a character name, the player is asked to pick one of four different colored banners to represent their country. The absence of different civilizations with different characteristics contrasts with other games such as "The Settlers", and "Age of Empires".

Unlike other games where technology plays a major role in one player defeating another, "Anno 1602" instead makes technology upgrades more relevant in inner-colony affairs. Instead of buying upgrades to ships to perform better in huge naval battles, it is often the case that upgrades are made so that the ships can carry more cargo, and therefore make the colony more money. The majority of the buildings in the game also can / must be technologically upgraded throughout the game to please the colony's citizens, which produces more cash for the colony, with which the player can continue upgrading their nation and expand to other islands.

"Anno 1602" is about discovery. As the colony grows and spreads, the player gains access to more and more building types and citizens construct bigger and more impressive housing for themselves. The player is required to reach a certain population level before access is gained to weapons factories. Once the player has the factories, a large number of buildings are needed to produce weapons, and additional buildings to construct units. After the buildings are constructed, the player must pay a constant flow of money to keep each building running. This "line of production", though difficult, has been incorporated into newer games such as "Stronghold".

"Anno 1602" allows for the creation of user-made maps, using the Scenario Builder. This tool is simpler and easier to learn than comparable editors used in more modern games, but it has fewer capabilities. This, along with instant "Random Maps", keeps many players coming back to "Anno 1602".

Not all versions of "Anno 1602" shipped with a map editor, therefore several fan-made editors were created.

"Anno 1602" was conceived in April 1996 at Max Design, a Schladming-based game developer founded in 1991. Following a period of financial turmoil in which the company neared bankruptcy, the team began "Anno" as a spiritual sequel to its earlier title "1869 – Hart am Wind!", a competitor of "The Patrician". The team at Max Design numbered only four members: designer Wilfried Reiter, brothers Martin and Albert Lasser and artist Ulli Koller. "Anno 1602"s design occurred gradually. From December 17 till December 22, 2018, the game was given away to Uplay users for free on PC.

"Anno 1602" was a commercial hit. In the German market, the title debuted in first place on Media Control's computer game sales rankings for the second half of April 1998, and held the position after six weeks on the charts. By that time, it had sold 200,000 units. "Der Spiegel" reported in June that this performance made "Anno" the title with "the best chance to become the German number one this year". The game subsequently received a "Platinum" award from the Verband der Unterhaltungssoftware Deutschland (VUD), for sales of at least 200,000 units throughout the German-speaking world: Germany, Austria and Switzerland. "Anno 1602"s streak at #1 ended in the latter half of June when "" captured the spot, which it maintained for 16 weeks. Sunflowers' game remained at second on the Media Control charts for the last two weeks of June, July, August and September.
Accruing 360,000 domestic sales by September, "Anno 1602" was the German market's best-selling game during the first nine months of 1998. "PC Games" Petra Maueröder wrote that Germany was "plagued by the "Anno 1602" fever" in the half-year following its release, while Max Falkenstern likened it to a "pandemic" in "". The game's sales for the period resulted in a 300% increase in Sunflowers' year-over-year revenue, to DM 20 million. Remarking on this success at the time, Eva Müller and Hans-Peter Canibol of "Focus" noted that Sunflowers had become "one of the few German companies that [has] asserted itself in the American-dominated [computer game] market." Sunflowers forecast sales of 600,000 units for "Anno" by the end of 1998, based on its performance earlier in the year. The game claimed second on Media Control's charts during the last two weeks of October, below "Need for Speed 3", and then dropped to #3 for the second halves of November and December. Sales had risen to 400,000 units after six months of availability, and "Anno 1602" ultimately became the German market's best-selling computer game of 1998. At the 1999 Milia festival in Cannes, it took home a "Gold" prize for revenues above €15 million in the European Union during the previous year.

The high sales of "Anno 1602" in German-speaking countries derived partly from Sunflowers' copy protection scheme, according to "PC Games". Although the game launched as a direct competitor of "StarCraft", it significantly outsold that title in the region by the end of 1998, despite the latter's success worldwide. Petra Maueröder reported that, because "StarCraft" had shipped without copy protection in Germany, its piracy rate there reached nine illegal copies for every legal version sold. Conversely, Sunflowers attempted to combat pirates by making "Anno 1602" "one of the first games" printed on extended-capacity CD-ROMs, a writer for "PC Games" noted. These exceeded the storage limits of standard discs, which made "Anno 1602" incompatible with most consumer CD-Rs and burners of the time. The effort resulted in faulty disc shipments, a common issue for extended-capacity CDs, but it was ultimately judged by "PC Games" as "a complete success, despite the availability of cracks."

"Anno 1602" became one of the construction and management simulations that "dominated the German sales charts for years", according to "Der Spiegel"s Frank Patalong. By the end of January 1999, it had spent 38 weeks on Media Control's bestsellers list, ranking fourth that month. It soon became the first computer game to earn the VUD's "Double-Platinum" award, for 400,000 sales in German-speaking countries. By May, "Anno 1602" had sold through 600,000 units in the German market and—together with its expansion pack "New Islands, New Adventures"—one million copies across Europe. "PC Games" declared it the German-speaking world's most successful computer title from April 1998–July 1999, and, as of September, the region's biggest computer game hit of all time. It continued to appear in Media Control's sales rankings through the latter half of September 1999, when it charted in 26th place and secured its 70th consecutive week in the top rankings. Sales surpassed 650,000 units by October; "New Islands" had sold above 200,000 units by that date.

In the second part of October 1999, "Anno 1602: Königs-Edition" debuted at #4 on Media Control's charts. Announced in August for a fall launch, the SKU bundled "Anno 1602" and "New Islands" with unique bonus missions. The new version had spent 10 weeks in the rankings by the end of 1999, including a seventh-place finish for December. It continued to chart in Media Control's top 10 during 2000: the "Königs-Edition" reached #4 for the month of February and remained at 11th by August, having spent 12 months in the top 30. The following month, Infogrames Germany announced "Anno"s re-release as a "Soft Price" budget title, with its cost reduced to DM 40. The Soft Price edition took #6 in October and November 2000 on Media Control's charts for budget-priced games, and stayed in the top 15 for February and March 2001. "Anno 1602"s sales had risen above one million units in German-speaking countries by September 2000, and by April 2001 had surpassed 1.5 million units worldwide. Global sales increased to 1.7 million copies by October 2001, of which the "Königs-Edition" accounted for 170,000 units. The SKU was re-released that month under Electronic Arts' "Classics" label, again at a budget price, and it debuted in 11th place on Media Control's budget charts for November.

"Anno 1602" had sold 2 million times by December 2001, including "well over a million" in the German-speaking world, according to Sunflowers. That month, the company revealed a new partnership with ak tronic, a rack jobber known for its budget-priced "Pyramid" displays in German stores. This type of budget line formed a significant part of the German game market, and journalist later called it a key to "Anno"s high lifetime sales. Under the agreement, ak tronic included budget-priced (€10) copies of "Anno 1602" in its Pyramid displays, starting with a shipment of 250,000 units in January 2002. Peter Schroer of ak tronic forecast 500,000 sales for "Anno"s Pyramid edition by the end of 2002. In the German market, the new release proceeded to sell 50,000 units in its first month on shelves, and it rose to #1 on Media Control's budget charts in February 2002. Taking second in March, it finished with top-10 placements in June, July, August, September, October and November. Media Control named it Germany's best-selling budget computer game (€28<) of the year, while its sequel "Anno 1503" took first place for 2002 among full-price titles.

By April 2003, "Anno 1602" remained the German market's biggest-ever computer game hit. Its Pyramid edition secured top-10 positions on Media Control's budget charts for the first three months of that year. After an 11th-place finish in June 2003, the Pyramid edition had spent 17 consecutive months in Media Control's top 20. "Anno 1602"s global sales climbed to 2.7 million units by September 2004. In 2007, Jörg Langer wrote that the Pyramid edition alone had contributed roughly 750,000 sales to the game's lifetime total.

According to Heiko Klinge of "GameStar", a significant number of "Anno" buyers fell outside the standard demographic for German computer games. By 2000, Sunflowers noted a high "proportion of inexperienced players and women in the "Anno" fan base", which it attributed to the game's design goal of "play without stress". Klinge echoed this theory. "Der Spiegel" similarly reported "Anno"s wide appeal among both casual and hardcore players, and the magazine's Carsten Görig argued that "many can agree on "Anno" because "Anno" is a phenomenon." "Der Spiegel"s Richard Löwenstein cited "Anno" as an early computer game to draw female players; he claimed in 2002 that approximately 25% of its buyers were women. In 2011, Klinge likewise called the game's number of female players "an absolute novelty" before "The Sims", and reported that women made up nearly 50% of "Anno 1602" customers.

"Anno 1602"s success was primarily contained to the German market; "GameStar" reported that, like "Gothic", it failed to make an "international breakthrough". Sunflowers president Adi Boiko remarked, "When we wanted to distribute "Anno 1602" internationally, we encountered enormous prejudices that a game from Germany couldn't be anything special." Of "Anno 1602"s 2.5 million worldwide sales by late 2002, the German market accounted for 1.7 million. The title's limited crossover in other markets was common among German games, particularly in "Anno"s genre of construction and management, despite the outsize popularity of such titles in the German-speaking world. "Der Spiegel"s Frank Patalong argued that games like "Anno 1602" were a "specifically German phenomenon: nowhere else in the world are [these] simulations as successful as here at home." Stefan Schmitt of "Der Spiegel" and Jochen Gebauer of "" wrote that such games were especially disliked in the United States, and a writer for "GameStar" stated that no "Anno" title had been a hit in that market by mid-2006. Boiko noted that it was "very difficult for us to find a good distributor" in the United States, which led to "Anno 1602"s delayed release and lack of marketing there. However, he was pleased with its 200,000 sales in the country by early 2002. This number rose to 250,000 units by that November.

"Anno 1602" began the "Anno" series. In 2018, "PC Games" named it one of the most influential games ever released.




</doc>
<doc id="2328753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2328753" title="Sega Marine Fishing">
Sega Marine Fishing

Sega Marine Fishing is a fishing video game in which the player attempts to catch various marine sport fish. The gameplay's emphasis was on enticing fish to bite onto the lure and then successfully fighting the fish and reeling it to the boat.

As the player catches fish, they earn item cards. Items earned with these cards include fish and artifacts for an aquarium, fishing equipment, additional boats, and various goofy accessories such as different colored shorts. The game also featured two modes of online play: tournament fishing and "fish mail". In tournament fishing, players competed to catch the biggest fish within a species. Fish mail consisted of writing short messages. Players could receive random messages by catching fish.

"Sega Marine Fishing" can be played using the Dreamcast fishing rod controller. You could customize your character with hats, shirts, etc.

This game is a direct sequel to Sega Bass Fishing.



</doc>
<doc id="2331674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2331674" title="Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Dragonshard">
Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Dragonshard

Dungeons & Dragons: Dragonshard is a real-time strategy role-playing video game, developed for Microsoft Windows by Liquid Entertainment, and published by Atari in 2005. It takes place in Eberron, one of the official "Dungeons & Dragons" campaign settings. The game combines elements of traditional real-time strategy gameplay with role-playing elements such as hero units, and questing. "Dragonshard" includes two single-player campaigns, single-player skirmish maps, and multiplayer support. The single-player campaign follows the struggles of three competing factions to gain control of a magical artifact known as the Heart of Siberys.

"Dragonshard" combines aspects of real-time strategy (RTS), and role-playing games (RPGs). Games take place on dual level maps divided into the surface world of Eberron, and the underground realm of Khyber. Units travel between the surface, and the underground through gateways that are fixed on each map. The surface map features traditional RTS gameplay: the player builds and develops base structures, gathers resources, and amasses, and upgrades an army. Unlike most real-time strategy games, all units are available at the beginning of the game, rather than having prerequisites to allow their construction. There are three player-controllable factions in the game: the Order of the Flame, the Lizardfolk, and the Umbragen.

Armies consist of the following unit types:


Only champions and ground-based captains can travel underground, which focuses underground gameplay on a party of individual units rather than the surface world's squad-based armies, and plays more like a role-playing game. Underground maps feature party-based dungeon crawling gameplay: units must negotiate traps, gather treasure, and hunt monsters. Items are stored in a global inventory accessible to all units.

"Dragonshard" has three resources:

Possible locations for bases and expansions are predetermined by the map. Furthermore, each base or expansion is self-contained, with individual buildings placed on a fixed grid behind protective walls. The limited size of each base places strategic limitations on the makeup of the player's army.

Experience points in "Dragonshard" are assigned to a global pool. The player spends experience points at unit-producing structures to level up captains. Once the player levels up a captain type, all captains of that type belonging to the player are leveled up, and new captains of the type start at the upgraded level. To train a captain above level two, the player must build two or more unit-producing structures of the same type in the same group of four building pads. To reach the maximum captain level of five, the player must fill a group of four building pads with four unit-producing structures of the same type. Instead of filling a group of four pads to maximize a captain's level, the player may opt to build one or more monuments that grant bonuses to all unit types produced from adjacent buildings. Champions do not level up but they can be upgraded in campaign mode with "Champion Artifacts."

"Dragonshard" has single-player campaigns for the Order of the Flame and Lizardfolk factions, each of which includes seven missions, plus single-player and multiplayer skirmish maps. Single-player campaign maps feature main quest goals that advance the storyline and optional side-quests that provide bonuses such as inventory items, experience points, gold, and Champion Artifacts. Unused items are stored in an item vault between missions. Upon completion of a campaign map, players earn "Reward Points" depending on how skillfully they played. Reward Points can be spent between campaigns to buy items from the item vault or upgrade champions with additional Champion Artifacts.

Single-player and multiplayer skirmish games have one mandatory and three optional win conditions:

"Dragonshard" takes place in the world of Eberron. In the creation myth of Eberron, the dragon Khyber warred with his sister Siberys and shattered her body to pieces. In his anger, Khyber's brother Eberron wrapped him in his coils, trapping Khyber. The bodies of the three dragons became the three parts of Eberron's world: the surface Eberron, the Ring of Siberys that encircles Eberron, and the underworld of Khyber. The three world parts produce dragonshards, crystal and rock fragments imbued with magic power.

The Heart of Siberys is the largest dragonshard in Eberron. When it fell from the Ring of Siberys to the continent of Xen'drik, it created a storm-swept mountain range known as the Ring of Storms and caused a city to sink into the earth. Its immense magical force caused the natural creatures of the Ring of Storm to evolve into the Lizardfolk. To this day, the Heart draws factions into conflict over control of its power.

In addition to the playable races, Eberron is populated by a number of neutral non-player factions and creatures, including the illithids, longtime foes of the Umbragen, a host of golems constructed by an extinct elven race, ettins, and thri-kreen.

"Dragonshard" is the first video game set in the "Dungeons & Dragons" campaign setting of Eberron. Eberron's creator Keith Baker wrote the storyline for "Dragonshard". However, some discrepancies exist between the game and the canonical "Eberron Campaign Setting". Siberys dragonshards should be gold in color, but they are blue in the game. Building new warforged is forbidden under the Treaty of Thronehold that ended the Last War — the only sources for new warforged are Merrix d'Cannith's illegal forge in Sharn and the Lord of Blades' forge in the Mournland. However, in the game, the Order faction can build Warforged Titans.

The Order of the Flame is the military wing of the Church of the Silver Flame, an organization dedicated to banishing evil. The Order of the Flame is an alliance of cultures and traditions including humans, dwarves, halflings, and celestials. Led by the cleric Lady Marryn and guided by the Dwarven shaman Amathor, the Order travelled to the Ring of Storms to capture the Heart of Siberys and claim its magical power, but were annihilated by the Lizardfolk in a cataclysmic battle for the Heart of Siberys. Amathor, the Titan Bastion and barely an eighth of the original population of the Order's followers escaped to their spaceports so that they could evacuate from Eberron and set course for pastures new. The Order of the Flame can recruit Archons of the heavens, mighty Warforged Titans, fierce Sorcerers and Deathless Guardians.

The Umbragen are rumored to be the remnants of a race of elves that inhabited the ancient city Qalatesh. Qalatesh was destroyed and sank into Khyber after an apocalyptic shard storm, some survivors of the storm fled into Khyber. To survive against the horrors of Khyber, these elves harnessed Khyber's dark energies and integrated them into their culture, becoming the Umbragen. Led by the evil Satros, their goal is to drain the Heart of its power and use it to unlock the secrets of the ruins of Qalatesh. The Umbragen has dark shadow creatures, including flying demons and knights of darkness.

The lizardfolk are the native inhabitants of the Ring of Storms. They are rumored to have been placed in the region by dragons to protect the Heart of Siberys. Over time, exposure to the energies of the Heart altered them and granted them sentience. They were united by the hero Darroc, who sacrificed his life to defend the Heart from Order of the Flame invaders. The lizardfolk lived in peace for centuries since Darroc's death, but the Order and Umbragen incursions forced them to take up arms again. Darroc was resurrected later on by the four greatest living heroes of the Lizardfolk people; Redfang the Drakelord, Silverblade the Yuan-ti Pureblood, Wowen the High Shaman and Blackclaw the Master of Decay, and oversaw the bonding of the War Feldrakes for use in the coming war, but was later destroyed for the second and last time when the Ilithid Enchanter Orobus pulled down an especially huge Dragonshard that smashed Darroc's avatar to pieces. Lizardfolk focus on brute force, with units such as giant turtles and dragons.

Dragonshard received generally positive reviews from the gaming press. The game was praised for blending traditional real-time strategy with "D&D" role-playing elements. The main criticism for the game was that it had a short single-player mode, underscored by the complete lack of an Umbragen campaign.

The editors of "Computer Games Magazine" named "Dragonshard" the sixth-best computer game of 2005. They wrote, "As an attempt at recapturing the energy of those dorky all-night "D&D" sessions, it knocks more ideas out of the park than most games even bother to swing at."



</doc>
<doc id="2333973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2333973" title="A-10 Cuba!">
A-10 Cuba!

A-10 Cuba! is a flight simulator computer game developed by Parsoft Interactive and published by Activision in 1996 for Windows and Mac. The game was a sequel to the Mac-exclusive "A-10 Attack!". A third game in the series, titled "A-10 Gulf!", was slated for release in 1997 but later cancelled.

It features an A-10 Thunderbolt II on a mission to defeat guerrilla forces at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. As in most war flight simulator games, the main objectives contain defending an airbase, destroying ships, bridges, tanks or buildings and escorting other aircraft.

"A-10 Cuba!" was the long-awaited sequel to the original "A-10 Attack!" flight simulator. "A-10 Cuba!" had the same impressive flight model as its predecessor, except the graphics had become significantly more detailed and thus required a computer with a bit more power. Graphical and other improvements included tire smoke when landing or skidding, runway taxi-way lighting, the Air Combat Command insignia on most U.S. aircraft, increased number of polygons (making objects appear much more round than they appeared in "A-10 Attack!"), and weapon damage was significantly upgraded (increased realism) and ground vehicle physics were more realistic. However, the Windows version lacked the comprehensive mission editor and map view available in both the Macintosh version and in "A-10 Attack!".

A-10 Cuba! has four practice levels, Take off, Landing, Air to Ground, and Air to Air. Each training level takes place in the desert area of the game.

The most unusual thing about this game comes from its prequels. The weapons systems are very well-simulated, and include heat-seeking, radar and laser-guided missiles and bombs (only laser-guided bombs). Chaff and Flares are also included, as well as engine fire extinguishers, many features of an actual A-10.

The game received mixed reviews upon release. Its simple but high performing graphics were praised while its documentation and features were found lacking. "Macworld"s Michael Gowan wrote that the game features "the best flight modeling of any Mac flight sim". Although he found the game somewhat inferior to "F/A-18 Korea", he summarized that "A-10 Cuba!" "offers great game play, varied missions, and rough-and-tumble network play."




</doc>
